NEW Cape Town City winger Aubrey Ngoma faces a tough battle to get into the team. This is according to the Citizens’ coach Jan Olde Riekerink, who is enjoying the competition among his players this season. Ngoma re-joined the Citizens at the beginning of the season following a frustrating stint with Mamelodi Sundowns. The diminutive attacker found the going tough at Chloorkop, failing to make an impact before heading back to City where he previously excelled. The 31-year-old, however, will not walk straight into the Citizens outfit, according to Riekerink. This as he will have the tough task of displacing the talented and skilful Surprise Ralani in the team. Ralani has been one of City’s best performers in the past few seasons and has made the left-wing position his own. He scored three goals and provided eight assists in his 22 appearances in the league for the Citizens last season, forming a deadly partnership with Kermit Erasmus. Ngoma, who is currently nursing a slight muscle issue at the moment, will relish the battle. His versatility, given that he has previously played either wing, can work in his favour at City. “You can see some of his (Ngoma) qualities,” said Riekerink. “He is also very loved in the team. I have watched some of his videos as well when he was here. “He is older now and more experienced and one of his main jobs will be to show that experience. “He is part of the team, he wants to play here. He is a very skilful player and a smart one. “But even for a guy of his experience, it will be a challenge to get into the team. “Surprise (Ralani) is playing in his position so it will be a tough battle to break into the team. That is the luxury we have.” Riekerink said he is expecting Ngoma to be ready to mount a serious challenge for a starting berth after the international break as he will be fully fit and ready for consistent action. “Aubrey is not ready at this moment,” added Riekerink. “He hasn’t played for a long time but when he came here he had a muscle problem. “I think after the international break that can be his moment to get in shape and be ready. “I think we have more than 11 good players and that is a good thing for every team.”