JUST like the PSL top flight this season had gone for major changes with name, logo and colours, this is also the case with the upcoming Diski Challenge. The competition, known to keep club reserves bus for 16 teams in DStv Premiership, has been rebranded and will now be called the DStv Diski Challenge in 2020-21 season. The announcement was made yesterday by PSL chairman Irvin Khoza and MultiChoice chief executive, Nyiko Chiburi, in Parktown yesterday. “This tournament has grown immensely since it launched six years ago, and we are now evolving it into an even more exciting phase of unearthing South Africa’s next generation of stars – both on and off the field,” says Nyiko Shiburi. “DStv Diski Challenge will continue to make a significant impact on football and sports broadcasting in South Africa.” PSL chairman, Irvin Khoza, said when they launched the first season of the Diski Challenge, they did so to address football development challenges in our country. "Possession, precision and quality were some of the biggest challenges facing our budding stars,” explained Khoza on Monday. “We have already seen some improvements, and have made progress towards winning the battle. Most of the players that started at the inception of the Under 23, are now regulars in the DStv Premiership and GladAfrica Championship." The new DStv Diski Challenge season kicks off on Saturday, at Giant Stadium in Soshanguve, where Chippa United will face Black Leopards at 11am, followed by SuperSport United against Orlando Pirates at 1pm. On Sunday, newcomers Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila will make their debut in the reserve league against Maritzburg United. The opening weekend will close off with a blockbuster as two-time champions Mamelodi Sundowns square off against Kaizer Chiefs.Due to Covid-19 restrictions, the matches will be played behind closed doors with no fans. The matches on 5 and 6 December will be broadcast live on DStv SuperSport on the PSL channel 202 and Variety 4 channel 209. The matches will be made available to six community TV stations on DStv, available to all DStv customers. The season will conclude on the first weekend of July 2021. The league will comprise of double-header matches on selected Saturdays and Sundays, which will be broadcast live. The Opening DStv Diski Challenge Fixtures #Asidlali pic.twitter.com/CNqnqmd8jd  The Premier Soccer League Chairman Dr. Irvin Khoza Opening Remarks #Asidlali pic.twitter.com/aTGLPy14rL  MultiChoice South Africa Mr. Nyiko Shiburi Opening Remarks #Asidlali pic.twitter.com/mtOrbWTYZJ   