LEGENDARY actress Connie Chuime has been nominated for a Lifetime Achievement Award by the Mbokodo Awards. Connie, who plays Mam’Sonto on Mzansi Magic’s Gomora, told Daily Sun it was great to see her work appreciated. “To be honoured for such an award is no child’s play. It shows you’ve sacrificed your life for a particular thing,” she said. “I previously received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Ekurhuleni Film Organisation, but this one is special because it recognises women who’ve contributed immensely to a particular industry.” The actress, who has been in the industry for four decades, said her journey has been a roller coaster ride. “I have good stories to tell and there’re also challenges I’ve overcome. Being a freelancer means there are times when you’re in-between jobs and it also gets dry,” she said. But she said at no point did she think about quitting. ALSO READ  |  WHY I LEFT UZALO “Although there were challenges, I never gave up. I don’t have those intentions. This is my passion and first love.” “Instead of giving up, I think of all the things I can do instead of waiting for a production house to call me.” Connie said she wanted to leave a legacy behind. “I’m still passionate about the drama and film school I registered two years ago. I hope it’ll be a gateway for many people who wish to come into the industry. My plan is to teach and impart knowledge without making people incur a lot of expenses. “In February, I’ll be off Gomora for a while. “I’ll be shooting the second season of Queen Sono. Between April and August, I’ll be shooting the second instalment of Black Panther,” she said. @bouwercarol ?? I am honored to be nominated for The Mbokodo Awards in the LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT category. It has been 4 Decades in this industry and receiving things like this remind you of that very first era things kicked off?? we have come this far, phambili women empowerment phambili???????? #mbokodoawards2020 A post shared by  Connie Chiume (@conniechiume) on Oct 27, 2020 at 8:08am PDT 