FORMER Bafana Bafana star Siphiwe “Shabba” Tshabalala and ex-Kaizer Chiefs goalkeeper Brilliant Khuzwayo have paid moving tributes to the late defender Anele Ngcongca. Ngcongca passed away in a fatal car accident in KZN last Monday. The 33-year-old former Bafana star was set to be Shabba’s teammate at AmaZulu as he was due to join Usuthu on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns. Shabba was as devastated as the rest of Mzansi. He knew Ngcongca well. The duo were part of the national team during the 2010 Fifa World Cup played in South Africa. The Gugulethu-born defender missed the first two group games in the event against Mexico and Uruguay, but played in the last group game against France in Bloemfontein. “I’ve known Anele since 2009 (when he made his national team debut against Japan in PE), we were the teammates in the national team,” said Shabba in a meeting held by AmaZulu at Ushaka Marine World in Durban last Friday. “We had a good relationship and even played at the World Cup together. He was a kind person but on the field he was different as he wanted to win. “We’ll always remember him. He left a legacy, he touched lives. It’s for us to continue where he left off in terms of his legacy. May his departed soul rest in eternal peace.” Khuzwayo, whose career was cut short due to a heel injury, said Ngcongca’s passing was painful. He shared the room with Ngcongca during the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Equatorial Guinea under former Bafana coach Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba when Bafana crashed out in the first round. “He shared so many stories with me,” said Khuzwayo, who played in one of those games in that tournament. “He was a humble and good guy. Most of the time, when people see soccer players, they think they’re ignorant, arrogant, too confidence or lack respect. “But one of the most humble people I’ve ever met was Anele. “Although he played mostly in Europe, when he came to South Africa, he treated everyone the same.” Ngcongca, who earned 53 caps for Bafana, will be laid to rest on Thursday in Cape Town.