THE PREGNANT woman is broken-hearted and confused. Her life has been turned upside down and she doesn’t know what to do. SHE’S CARRYING THE BABY OF THE MAN WHO ALLEGEDLY RAPED HER TWIN KIDS! “My heart is bleeding. I thought my husband would be a father to his stepchildren,” said the 29-year-old woman from Emaphupheni near Etwatwa, Ekurhuleni. “I’m struggling to cope. I’m carrying this man’s child, yet he may have raped my kids. I don’t know what to do,” she said. The man allegedly first raped the twins, who were born in 2017, in August. “I’m a street hawker and often left the kids with him as he wasn’t working. I never thought he’d do such a thing,” she said. The woman said the man acted as if he loved the kids. “I became concerned one day when I saw my son’s anus was swollen,” she said. “I took him to the local clinic. In front of the nurses the boy told us my husband put his dololo deep inside him.” She said the child was given some cream to apply on his anus and they were referred to the police.  They asked her daughter and she told them her stepfather had also put his penis in her. When nurses checked on her, her hymen was torn. She suspects her husband could’ve been doing this for a long time. Her son once complained of a pain in his bladder and she gave him pain killers. “I just want to see this man arrested. He brought us unimaginable pain,” she said. “My kids have been badly affected by this.” She said her son fears knives and she suspects the man may have threatened them with weapons after raping them. “My daughter is always touching her private parts. I don’t know if this is trauma,” she said. After opening a case she was told they’d receive counselling, which didn’t happen. She and the man were friends for six months before the kids were born. She started dating him three months after they were born in 2017. The suspect is in hiding and he hasn’t been arrested. Residents of Etwatwa have taken it upon themselves to hunt down the suspect. They’ve vowed to teach him a lesson. Resident Veronica Mitsonga (60) was angry that the cops didn’t seem to take the matter seriously. “We don’t know where this guy is. He could be among us,’ she said. A case of rape was opened at Etwatwa Police Station. Sergeant Khensani Mathebula said the kids were also seen by forensic social workers three times. She said she’s still compiling evidence, so that they have a strong case against the suspect when he appears in court. She appealed to the mum and all those involved to be patient. On counselling, she said at the time the case was reported the social workers were not coming to the centre every day due to Covid-19 and the family couldn’t be assisted. She said counselling would be arranged soon for the family. 