SINGER and former Idols contestant Kaina Konga (32) has released a new R&B song to empower women. The song is titled Release Me and was dropped last week. It was penned four years ago, but Kaina had to wait for the right time to release it. “When I wrote the song I was going through a rough patch. I was in a toxic relationship and was desperate to be set free. “So, it took me some time before I realised the person I was dating wasn’t good for me. But from that experience I grew and was inspired to write the song.” According to Kaina, many young women are trapped in toxic relationships. “Through this song I’m hoping to motivate and empower women who might be going through the same experience to step out of those relationships and fight for their freedom.” ALSO READ | GOGO RELEASES AMAPIANO SINGLE The song is already available at digital stores. Kaina released another empowerment song titled Reign in May. “This is an anthem for men and women. It reminds them of their inner power and aims to instil hope. “The song speaks to the subject of ignoring our fears by reminding ourselves of the strength we each have within. “I describe it as an Urban Afro song. I always write about issues that affect people. Recently, I’ve been passionate about issues that affect mainly women.” The Zimbabwean-born artist told SunBuzz she’s now chosen Mzansi as her second home. “From a young age I’ve been doing music. When I moved to Mzansi I didn’t stop.” As a result when I was 17 years old, while I was attending school in South Africa I decided to enter the Idols competition. Unfortunately I did not go very far in the competition. I did not let this be the end of my music journey,” she recalled. Kaina studied for a bachelor’s degree in economics in China. “During my stay in China I found performing platforms, where I continued with my music career. That kept my singing passion alive.” Today I am proud to mention that I performed for the Olympic Winter Universiade in Beijing. I am also hoping to get bigger platform here in South Africa,” she said.