THE newly-crowned Miss South Africa 2020 Shudufhadzo Musida (23), who hails from Ha-Masia in Thohoyandou, was boldly welcomed home by the Limpopo government. The government held homecoming celebrations at Meropa Casino and Entertainment World on Thursday. Musida, who became the 62nd Miss South Africa, joined by Premier Stanley Mathabatha, MECs and mayors, brought Polokwane town to a standstill during a parade. Speaking during the celebrations, Mathabatha told Daily Sun that the provincial government believes Miss SA’s wisdom would bring light for the youth in the province. “This is indeed a great achievement for our province and we feel proud of our young lady,” said Mathabatha. “Our province is rich with talent and it is crucial that we raise our children in a manner that will lead them to greener pastures,” he said. Mathabatha said the provincial government was concerned about the ongoing gender-based violence. He said it was crucial that they protect the youth because they were the pillars and gatekeepers of the country. “It cannot be a good idea that we turn our back on our youth,” he said. ALSO READ | FEATHERS BIG WINNERS Musida said she felt happy to finally be welcomed home by the provincial government. “This is indeed a great honour for me and it shows how the government is willing to take it’s youth to higher levels,” she said. Musida said the support she received from the provincial’s leadership during the competition motivated and encouraged her to toil. “I made it not for myself but for my beautiful province, which I believe will continue to produce stars,” she said. Musida said although she was chosen as the queen of South African, she’d always remain a proud Limpopo child. “I commit myself to bringing change, especially in rural communities because that’s where our youth still face many challenges,” she said. She urged the youth to fully focus on education because it’s a greater step to huge achievements in life. The provincial government will host a series of homecoming activities until Saturday to celebrate Musida. Homecoming. pic.twitter.com/Q06TMvBDBg  @abigailmusida is home!#ShudufhadzoMusida #ShuduHomecoming#MissSA2020 pic.twitter.com/gk4haj1gkf   