LIKE any profession, acting is a calling that needs to be explored. One artist who’s doing exactly that is new kid on the block, Sicelo Buthelezi. He’s best known for his outstanding performance as Teddy in Gomora. He recently won an award at the Royalty Soapie Awards in the Outstanding Newcomer category. When Sicelo first appeared on TV eight months ago, it was clear he’d become a viewers’ favourite.  “I’m an artist and overall entertainer. I come in two versions – Sicelo the actor and Ceekay the entertainer,” he said. Born in Tembisa in Ekurhuleni, Sicelo was raised by his mum after his dad died in 2006. He said his mum gave him all the support he needed. “My mum and sister were understanding and supportive.” At school he was always the entertainer. “Many thought I was the class clown, but this was the beginning of something. “I grew up playing soccer but realised that wasn’t what I wanted to do. I decided to try acting.” After high school Sicelo enrolled at the Market Theatre Laboratory and studied live performance for two years. This was the beginning of great things. “At the laboratory I met actor Warren Masemola, an alumni of the laboratory and now my mentor. We became friends and he took me under his wing.”  Talking about landing his first acting role, he said: “Warren told me Seriti Films had open auditions for Gomora. “Another friend also told me about it and I decided to try it out. I’d gone to audition for the Ntokozo part but landed the Teddy role. What he likes about Teddy is that he’s funny, loving and loyal. “We’re both kasi boys,” he said. Sicelo enjoys all types of music, but right now he enjoys amapiano. “I’m grateful for the opportunity to play Teddy, but there are many more Sicelos to explore. “I want to urge people to visit places such as the Market Theatre and witness for themselves that Mzansi has talent. I am just one of many.”The star added that in the coming episodes of Gomora things will end in tears.) Catch Sicelo in Gomora on Mzansi Magic (DStv channel 161) on weekdays at 7.30pm