THERE should be no work at the SABC until the board has responded to the unions’ demands and retrenchment letters withdrawn. This was the warning unions gave on Monday 23 November after a meeting failed to yield results. Communications Workers Union general secretary Aubrey Tshabalala called on workers at the public broadcaster to down tools until the board gave in to their demands. Tshabalala told striking workers outside the studios in Auckland Park, Joburg, those who had reported for work should join them. “We’re not making our call again. Until our demands are met, there should be no work at the SABC. Until our demands are met, there should be no SABC mic in front of me. No camera. This is serious, comrades,” he said. “I hear freelancers are excluding themselves. The Labour Relations Act includes freelancers, There’s no act for freelancers, contract workers or permanent workers. only employers who do that to divide us.” said Tshabalala. He said there were 6 000 workers at the SABC and half of them were freelancers. He claimed the public broadcaster was retrenching permanent staff with the aim of replacing them with freelancers. He questioned management for hiring contract workers while issuing retrenchment letters. “That’s why they run away from the skills audit because a skills audit would have exposed that we need more workers,” he said. SABC workers across the country took part in lunchtime pickets. Previously, the unions gave the board until Friday 20 November to withdraw the retrenchment letters or face a blackout, but this never happened as some workers reported for duty. They said they had hope that the issue would be resolved after the board invited them to a meeting on Monday morning but none of their demands were agreed to. SABC spokeswoman Vuyo Mthembu said the public broadcaster has suspended the retrenchment process for seven days and would use the week to further engage workers and unions. He declined to talk about Monday’s meeting, saying the SABC didn’t discuss its business through the media. “It must be noted that the SABC is not in a position to discuss the contents of the meetings it holds with its stakeholders in the public domain. The Details of all stakeholder meetings during this period will be confined within the formalised structures and not discussed with the media,” she said.