SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo has shifted pressure to Bloemfontein Celtic ahead of their MTN8 Cup semi-final second leg clash at Dr Molemela Stadium on Saturday (3pm). The teams drew 1-1 in the first leg played at the Lucas Moripe Stadium last weekend. The winner will meet either Kaizer Chiefs or Orlando Pirates in the final. The two Soweto giants will battle it out in the return leg at FNB Stadium on Sunday at the same time. The Zimbabwean born mentor says pressure is on Siwelele since they have an advantage having scored the crucial away goal in Atteridgeville. Said Tembo: “Advantage is with Celtic cause they scored an away goal and they have a home advantage. Pressure is on them now cause they have one foot in the final. But there is still a lot to play for. We don’t know what kind of tactics they will apply, whether they will sit-back or come at us. We hope to take pressure to them.” However, Tembo is concerned that his charges won’t have rest having played in midweek when they beat Stellenbosch 1-0 while his counterpart John Maduka rested majority of his key players like Ndumiso Mabena when Celtic lost to Orlando Pirates by the same margin. He went on: “It’s a concern, we play week in week out without a rest. This is a different opponent, they rested about seven players. But we hope to improve our performances.” The 50-year-old will miss key defenders Grant Kekana and Luke Fleurs together with midfielder Sipho Mbule due to injury. “Sipho Mbule started training today, he is not fit enough to play. Grant and Luke are not considered for selection. But everyone is raring to go. We trust that we will find solutions. Siya (Nhlapo) will plug the gap, probably we might bring in Bongani (Khumalo).” Tembo emphasise that scoring early on is vital if they are to defend their trophy. “We might score early, even if they score early we will still be in the game. Our pressing is good, we are able to deal with space in front of us. Sometimes an away goal can give a false sense of advantage. We have to play our normal game, we have players who can manage the game for us. We have a strong team to put out on Saturday.” 