Tributes and messages of condolences have been flowing on social media since the news of Mshoza’s death. Her fans, Mzansi celebs and some organisations paid homage to the Kortes hitmaker. The Queen of Kwaito died in a Joburg hospital on Thursday morning, 19 November. Among many other organisations, Samro also tweeted about her passing. It wrote: “Yet another loss to the music industry. It is with great sadness that we acknowledge the passing of kwaito star Nomasonto Maswanganyi, affectionately known as Mshoza. #RIPMshoza.” Political party EFF also sent out a statement. ALSO READ | MSHOZA'S LAST MOMENTS “The EFF joins the music fraternity and South Africans in mourning the loss of the talented musician, Nomasonto “Mshoza” Maswanganyi. The former kwaito singer and songwriter gave South Africans some of the best kwaito hits that we continue to dance to till today,” read their statement. Yet another loss to the music industry.It is with great sadness that we acknowledge the passing of kwaito star Nomasonto Maswanganyi, affectionately known as Mshoza. #RIPMshoza pic.twitter.com/q9gKe25QlT  EFF Statement On The Passing Of Nomasonto Mshoza Maswanganyi #RIPMshoza pic.twitter.com/FjRXHk9yXS Mzansi celebs such as Thembisa Mdoda, Tumi Morake, Mmabatho Montsho, Terry Pheto and Lindough were some of the few who paid their respect to her. I love you for life...????????. Rest easy, Sonto. #RIPMshoza pic.twitter.com/4G04x4IH2Q #RIPMshoza Feels like a lifetime ago when this shoot happened. Thank you for the music, living unapologetically and for being such a cool person. And standing up for others when you didn't have to. ?? pic.twitter.com/yMG8zGcuIX — AndThenMamaSaid ????????? (@tumi_morake) November 19, 2020 What a loss!????#RIPMshoza pic.twitter.com/D7kqWmU2Lt Love and comfort to Mshoza’s family, friends and all of us her fans. May her soul Rest In Peace ?? #RIPMshoza pic.twitter.com/qkhguQKZxi Lala ngoxolo Nomasonto ??????thank you for giving me an opportunity to work with you Ngiyabonga ????you’ve always treated me with respect ???? Rest In Peace akekho omunye Umshoza ngaphandle kwakho ????#RIPMshoza pic.twitter.com/KIU5GyuDc7  