BAFANA Bafana midfielder Bongani Zungu has no doubt that Scottish giants, Glasgow Rangers, will keep him beyond this season. The 28-year-old is on loan to the 54-time Scottish champions from French second division side Amiens SC until end of the season. Zungu said his talent will see him win a permanent deal with the club he described as “one of the biggest in the world”. When Rangers signed him in August, they had an option to sign him permanently at the end of the season. Zungu said come end of the season, that clause will be made permanent and he has no pressure to deliver the goods for Steven Gerrard’s side, who are at the summit of the Scottish Premiership after 14 league matches. “There’s no pressure on me and I know that I’m a very good player,” Zungu told SunSport after finishing training with Bafana at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Sunday. “I’ve got high standards, high expectations, and there are always expectations from the public but for me, I set my goals that I want to reach. “I try to enjoy myself and of course my qualities on the pitch will make a deal to become permanent. I’d like to play for one of the most successful teams in Europe.” Zungu made his league debut for The Teddy Bears on 8 November as a second half substitute when they hammered Hamilton Academical 8-0. After the game, Rangers manager Gerrard sang Zungu’s praises and said he did exactly what he wanted him to do. Zungu said working under one of the best box-to-box midfielders of his generation feels surreal for someone who comes from humble beginnings, and told him to sign him permanently. “I’m enjoying life and working under Steven Gerrard is huge,” said Zungu. “He gives me some tips on how to be a top midfielder and we have one-on-one sessions together and he tells me to be calm on the ball and control the game. But I’m still learning, but it has been good.” Rangers have started this season so well. They are not only on top of the Scottish Premiership table, but they are also top of their Europa League group, undefeated in all competitions. They have scored 54 goals and kept 16 clean sheets in 20 matches this season. “It’s a confidence booster. It is a team that have high standards, top quality players, top professionals. I feel lucky to be playing for Rangers,” Zungu added.