BAFANA BAFANA coach Molefi Ntseki is baffled at the constant talks that he has a problem with midfielder Bongani Zungu. Ntseki admitted that, if that was the case, he would be doing a disservice to the nation by selecting him, as he is expected to select the best players available. Zungu, who made his debut for his new club, Scottish giants Glasgow Rangers on Sunday, has been called up for the back-to-back African Cup of Nations qualifiers against Sao Tome. The first game will be played at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Friday and three days later, the Islanders’ “home” match will be played at the Nelson Mandela Stadium in Port Elizabeth. He revealed Zungu’s omission in the past, which included two friendlies last month, were due to him being injured and the fact his future at the club still hanged in the balance. Since Ntseki was appointed as the national coach in August last year on a five-year contract, Zungu has not played for Bafana. This has seen him react angrily on social media. The former Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder’s last appearance was in the 2-1 loss to Nigeria in the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) quarter-finals in Egypt last year. “I don’t know why there’s always an issue with Bongani Zungu,” said Ntseki in Durban yesterday. “Zungu was excluded from the team like any other player. “But the unfortunate part of that situation was how the media and everyone has reacted. “When someone is not selected in the team, they’ll always be disappointed. There wasn’t an issue between Bafana and Zungu. “I kept on saying, if I have issues with players who are not selected, it means I shouldn’t be Bafana coach. When you start having issues with the players, you’re not patriotic.” Ntseki said the fallout of players with national team coaches is normal. But he’s learnt how to handle such situations. “You’re talking about millionaires here who are playing for Bafana and the most important thing is how you manage them,” he said. “How to make them a team and how you make them go in there and fight for three points, play for the country and be proud is important.”