THE City of Tshwane Emergency services has urged residents to be vigilant and exercise caution amid heavy rains. Spokesman, Charles Mabaso, said incidents of flooding were reported to the Tshwane Emergency Services Call Centre, related to the heavy rains experienced in various parts of the City. He said no loss of life or injuries were reported as a result of the heavy downpours. "Major traffic back blocks, flooded road and bridges, vehicles stuck in water, uprooted trees and flooded houses were reported in various parts of the City. “Firefighters had to cut off and remove trees that were uprooted by the storm on Nelson Mandela and Willow in Arcadia, Limpopo and Toermalyn Street in Lyttlelton Manor, Nico Smith and 21st Street in Villeria, Leeds and De Rapper Street in Sunnyside as well Biko and XR Hellen Street in Arcadia," he said. He said firefighters had to clean and clear debris on the low water bridge on Flower Street in the city after it was flooded. "In Dooringpoort on Amendelboom Street, a car was reported to be stuck and floating on water. “The occupant of the vehicle managed to escape unharmed and the road was barricaded and temporarily closed. “A vehicle that was stuck in water was recovered after the risen water subsided on Steve Biko and Niko Smith Street and two vehicles were also reported to be stuck in water at the Irene Bridge on the Nelmapius Road, "he said. He said the occupants of the all the vehicles that were stuck in the water managed to get to safety without any harm. He said Five houses were flooded in Hamanskraal. "The Emergency Services Department activated the roads and storm water team through the Regional Operations Department in region 2 to channel the flow of water in that area, in line with the flood incident management plan of the City of Tshwane," he said He said the heavy rains also wreaked havoc in parts of Mamelodi where several roads were reported to be flooded leading to traffic congestions. He said firefighters were on high alert around the Centurion Lake and Hotel as the water was observed to be rising significantly, however the water subsided without causing any incidents of flooding. "The low water bridges mentioned above are known flooding hotspots and we urge drivers to avoid crossing them when water is above the road surface during rainy periods, as they risk being swept away by the water. “It is advisable to avoid driving in heavy rainfall if it is not necessary and finding a safe place to park and wait for the rain to subside if already on the road," he said. He said the water levels along the path of the Apies River through areas such as the Rooiwal, Hamanskraal into Bosplaas and Maubane in the neighbouring Moretele District Municipality remain significantly high and residents and motorists should remain vigilant around those areas. "Incidents of flooding, particularly where lives are under threat must be reported on our 107-toll free emergency number. Emergency Services and disaster management teams remain on high alert and are monitoring the situation throughout the City," he said.