A ‘fraudster’ is on the loose. The fake Musa Mseleku has allegedly scammed a handful of people from different parts of South Africa. Musa told Daily Sun that this scammer created multiple face book accounts. “From what I gathered, this fraudster pretends to be selling cars on my name. He’d post a number of cars on sale and leave his cellphone number on Facebook. When people call he’d pretend to me but busy in a meeting. His accomplice would then pretend to be my wife, Mangwabe and this lady would give a false verification and say I am selling the cars,” said Musa. “This fraudster would then request the buyer to deposit the money into his bank account. Once the buyer deposits the money the scammer disappears. But what confuses me most is that, once the money transaction is finalized, the victims are able to locate me demanding their ‘cars’. As it is I have had a number of people calling me to demand their cars. Some even travel from different locations to pick up their cars,” explained Musa. He said that he is worried because the scammers seem to be a few steps ahead. “I am scared and worried at the same time. I feel exposed and vulnerable, this situation is putting my family and my life at risk. I’ve tried to stop this, for example I wrote to Facebook asking them to close these fake accounts but I received no response. I strongly believe that they must take the blame because they control Facebook. I also tried to open a case at the police station but I was told I cannot open a case instead the scammed people can open the case. Right now I’ve ran out of options and I don’t know what else to do,” he said.  He said this scam has been going since the start of Uthando Nesthembu. Musa said that banks also must take liability. “I strongly feel that banks are to blame because they have all the controls to verify clients. But in this case someone is using my identity to fraud people. I am asking myself why are they not closing these fake bank accounts or at least verify them,” said Musa. He said that he has been left with no other option but to warn people on Facebook to be on the lookout for the scammers. “The least I can do now is to warn people about these scammers. First and for most I am not a car dealer, I don’t sell cars,” he emphasized.