DIEGO Maradona's lawyer has said it is a “miracle” the football legend is alive. The former footballer was pictured being driven away from the private Olivos Clinic in an ambulance just before 6pm local time on Wednesday evening.Maradona, who was also pictured smiling from his bed, had spent eight days in hospital after he was admitted for an emergency operation for a blood clot on the brain. According to The Sun website, Maradona's medics had played down the subdural haematoma detected last week during a CT scan after Diego was admitted to a private clinic, describing the surgery he underwent as "routine". But Matias Morla painted a more dramatic picture of the 60-year-old’s health scare after visiting the former Napoli and Barcelona star. He said as he left the private Olivos Clinic on the outskirts of Buenos Aires: “Diego experienced perhaps the most difficult moment of his life. “I think the fact the brain bleed was discovered when it was is a miracle because it could have cost him his life.” Confirming Maradona was scheduled to leave the clinic in the next few hours so he can continue to be treated for other conditions - thought to include his alcohol dependency - he added: “Diego’s in good shape and keen to rehabilitate himself with regards to other problems he has. “He’s due to leave hospital today but we don’t know exactly when.” Maradona, who turned 60 on October 30, was originally expected to continue his recovery at his new four-bed home on a gated estate a short drive from the training ground of the top-flight Argentinian side he now manages. But in the past 48 hours it emerged he would be moved to a house in one of the neighbourhoods that make up the exclusive Nordelta area, close to the Argentinian capital Buenos Aires. The property is near the home of Gianinna Maradona, one of the two daughters he had with ex-wife Claudia Villafane. Local reports said he will be under the watch of medical experts 24/7. He is expected to return to work with Gimnasia y Esgrima, the team he manages based in La Plata, sometime next month. – THE SUN 