Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila will be aiming to register their first win of the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season when they host Limpopo rivals Baroka FC at Thohoyandou Stadium in Limpopo on Sunday afternoon. Kick-off at 3:30pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Tshakhuma suffered their first defeat of the campaign when they were beaten 2-0 at home by Swallows FC on 4 November, with the result leaving them in 13th place on the log standings after three rounds of fixtures. TTM will be concerned at having taken just one point from two home matches this term, with their other turn as hosts producing a 1-1 draw with TS Galaxy in October. All things considered, midfielder Miguel Timm is happy with the progress made by Tshakhuma since the start of the season and believes Baroka's good start will give them extra motivation heading into this weekend's match. "Realistically with the short period of time we had to assemble the team because of the MTN8 I’m personally satisfied with the progress made by the team since then," said Timm. "It was never going to be easy but we have enough experience in the team to know that it would improve with each day, week, month and game. "Honestly our actions in the final third need to be more decisive and ruthless, creating chances is not our issue. We also need to keep improving defensively to give ourselves a better chance of winning games. He continued: "The fact that they’ve started the season well gives us a bit of extra motivation. What better way to get our first win of the season than against unbeaten opposition and rival." Baroka continued their strong start to the season – but saw their 100 per cent record come to an end – when they were held 1-1 at home by Golden Arrows on 4 November, with the Limpopo side conceding an injury-time equaliser. Bakgaga’s only away game so far this term saw them claim a 3-1 win in Thohoyandou over provincial rivals Black Leopards. Thoka Matsimela has since been handed the coaching reins on a permanent basis following the departure of Dylan Kerr and he will be eager to build on his promising start in the hot seat. "Firstly, let me say thanks for this opportunity from my chairman [Khurishi Mphahlele] in giving me [the trust] to lead the team as coach of Baroka FC," Matsimela said. "I'm very humbled by this opportunity and I will make sure I grab it with two hands. I think we have the mandate with the team. "As you've seen, we've started very well – three games, seven points – that shows there is something we need to do. Firstly, the team must be in the top eight and I think it will then be the first time Baroka FC play in the top eight next season."