SA Football Association (Safa) president, Danny Jordaan, has elaborated more on reasons why they would like to see incumbent Confederation of African Football (Caf) president Ahmad Ahmad replaced by Patrice Motsepe. Jordaan said it’s nothing personal but professional and for the growth of football on the continent. The ambitious Jordaan will tomorrow start with proper plans on his campaign for the Mamelodi Sundowns boss to take over the top Caf position, as soon as 12 March when the Elective General Assembly takes place in Rabat, Morocco. But his journey will be driven by his Covid-19 test results, which he will take today, according to him. It’s believed that South African candidates are snubbed by most north African countries because they fear they might lose the Caf headquarters from Egypt to Joburg. But Jordaan said that is not the reason for their campaign. “That is the real issue here,” he said. “We said we’re not interested in the headquarters. You cannot take the pyramids out Egypt because they carry a historical context. The same as the Caf offices carry a historical context, so is the IOC (International Olympic Committee) headquarters in Lausanne and Fifa in Zurich (Switzerland). Like SA parliament in Cape Town, it’s rooted in history, same as capital city in Pretoria. We’re not interested in that debate. It’s not an issue.” On Monday night Jordaan informed the Caf supremo that Safa and SA government have officially and publicly announced their nomination for Motsepe as he served as Ahmad’s vice-president “and didn’t want him to read all about it in the papers. I tried to call him and could not go through again, then texted him via WhatsApp. “I told him that the Safa NEC decided to nominate Patrice. He then said ‘noted, thank you very much’.” “It was a correct thing to do to inform him. I wanted to play it fair as Ahmad’s vice-president. For us it’s not about whether Ahmad has weaknesses or threats, it’s all about growth.” Jordaan added that among other things that convinced them Ahmad is not the right candidate was fact that he did not do anything to help Africa in all the “triple African football challenges”: Health, economy and others. He gave an example that Africa has been poor in Fifa World Cups: “Now did we progress or regress? We went back because we had hoped that Africa will go to the semi-final or even finals. We had hoped that we will have a team winning the World Cup. Is it the way Caf competitions are structured? Should we repackage and restructure Caf competitions?” he asked. “The bigger one is why is Caf not having more and more sponsors? Why is it that we don’t find major Chinese, Indian, Germans, Middle East, United Arab Emirates companies invest into Africa? They are making major financial gain from Africa but they don’t sponsor anybody in Africa. Manchester City are owned by business people in the UAE (Abu Dhabi United Group), so are Leicester City. If you look at most of the English clubs, it’s either they’re owned or sponsored by Middle East companies. Now the question is why make money out of Africa and sponsor Europe?” He added that one major issue is that there isn’t a clear relationship between those business people and Caf. “Now here is the businessman (Motsepe) who has that relationship with those people. He was the chairman of major corporates in the world and has been honoured across the globe,” said Jordaan. “If he is the president of Caf, then he can explain those challenges that we’re facing and convince businesses across the world to say ‘you are conducting business on the African continent, then invest in the people’. It’s social investment. Football is the vehicle. This is what Ahmad could not do. He didn’t develop relationships with big business around the world. So now we must not ask what is in the best interest of African football?” He also gave examples about the disparities between the Caf Champions League and the Uefa Champions League. “Champions League must be more attractive. If you win the Champions League in Europe then you get R1,6 billion, and in Africa the champions get R20 million. And these competitions carry the same name and weight. Are you going to get excited to win it in Africa? NO!” He said they will be going down as African football if they don’t find a leader who understands their challenges and problems. The two issues to be addressed by Jordaan on his campaign are: Morocco’s differences with Mzansi and Egypt’s fear of losing Caf headquarters to South Africa.