NINE suspects arrested for over R73 million Integrated Public Transport System tender corruption were granted bail. A senior Nelson Mandela Bay official, politicians, business people and a lawyer appeared in the Port Elizabeth Magistrates Court on Friday, 20 December for fraud, corruption and money-laundering. Mhleli Tshamase, Walter Shaidi, Fareed Fakir, Rukaard Abrahams, Andrea Wessels, Nadia Gerwel, Dawid le Roux, Zandisile Qupe, and Thando “Chippa” Ngcolomba handed themselves to the Hawks this morning and were released on bail ranging between R5 000 and R100 000. The nine were charged together with six companies –Heerkos Projects Cc, Jarami Projects Cc, Erastyle Pty Ltd, Dankovista Pty Ltd, Zeranza 299 Pty Ltd and Le Roux Inc. According to the charge sheet before the court between 2013 to 2015, the nine operated as a syndicate to fraudulently and corruptly benefit specific suppliers or consultants Fakir, Abrahams, Wessels, Le Roux and their companies, to the prejudice of the municipality and the National Treasury in the amount of about R73 million. The accused played various roles within the syndicate. It is alleged that Qupe, Ngcolomba and the late UDM councillor Mongameli Bobani used their positions to control decision-making in the procurement processes. They influenced appointments in critical municipal positions as well as the appointment of people and entities as suppliers or consultants who were willing to advance the interests of the syndicate. It is alleged that Tshamase, Shaidi and Gerwel were municipal officials who abused their positions to manage the internal municipality processes in ways designed to ensure the irregular appointment of Heerkos Projects CC, Jarami CC, Erastyle Pty Ltd (all Fakir’s companies) and Le Roux’s Le Roux Inc as suppliers or consultants, and consequently paid large amounts into the companies’ respective bank accounts. It is alleged that Fakir, and the entities under his control as well as Le Roux and his entity, played a central role as the suppliers and consultants who were irregularly and fraudulently awarded contracts and received payments from the municipality. Abrahams and Wessels, with their respective entities, Dankovista Pty Ltd and Zeranza 299 Pty Ltd, were allegedly members of the syndicate in private business, who acted as professional launderers. They accepted payments from Fakir’s companies, and from each other, partly for themselves and for onward distribution to other syndicate members. NPA spokesman Sipho Ngwema said: “The accused face counts under Schedule 5 of the Criminal Procedure Act, but the state did not oppose bail as they were all along aware that they were under investigation and didn’t pose flight risk. The matter was postponed to 12 March 2021 for state to seek authorisation from the National Director of Public Prosecutions to prosecute on charges of racketeering in the High Court. More charges can be added.”