HOW many more football players must perish on our roads? What should be done to curb the fatalities on our roads? This is the pertinent question after the passing away of Anele Ngcongca. One shudders to think of the statistics as we head toward the festive season. Accidents not only rob our local game of talent but families breadwinners. Ngcongca, the ex-Bafana Bafana and Mamelodi Sundowns defender, lost his life in a car crash on the N2 highway in KwaZulu-Natal early on Monday. News of his passing reverberated across the footballing world, drawing tributes from his ex-teammates led by Kevin De Bryune and Thibaut Courtois, his former teammates at KRC Genk. Perhaps, that speaks to the impact the Gugulethu-born Ngcongca made at the Belgian club where he played 233 times in a successful spell, winning two Belgian Cups and the league title, in a career spanning nine years. But Ngcongca is the latest in the growing list of local players to have died in car accidents. Almost every year the PSL mourns the passing of one of their own, car accidents being the main cause. In the UK, carmakers Audi takes action against players who break the traffic laws while driving its brand. And this would explain the suggestion by the South African Football Players Union to take players through proper driving lessons. The thirst for speed and need to show off won’t go away. Some are even renown for their pace on the pitch as they are for speed when flying to a Chisa-nyama joint. Fact is, footballers, earn a lot of money and need activities to burn it. They remain a key segment in the market for the popular “Vrrr Pha!” car dealers and many other sports cars. But what the car dealers don’t care about is whether or not the players are properly equipped to control these road monsters. Like many local players, Ngcongca met his untimely death when he still had a lot to offer, to plough back to the game which had offered him so much. He cut his teeth at local club Fortune FC before the European scouts came knocking back in 2007. A decade later, he returned to Mzansi to join Mamelodi Sundowns where he enjoyed more silverware, winning three consecutive league titles. But Ngcongca, who played in the 2010 World Cup, wouldn’t end his career quite the way he’d envisaged. He was keen on imparting the knowledge he’d gained over the years to the younger generation. On one of our international trips on the continent with Bafana Bafana, Ngcongca pointed to me the plethora of players other African countries were sending to European leagues. He didn’t understand why Mzansi lagged behind in that regard and he was driven to revive the stuck conveyor belt. Sadly, he’ll never get to achieve that dream. But his legacy lives on and he’ll be fondly remembered. Lala Ngoxolo, Madiba.