PITSO Mosimane has reacted to his feat of having won his second Caf Champions League with Ah Ahly after having the joined the Egyptian club. His actual mandate was to win them their ninth Champions League title, and the Kagiso-born coach didn't disappointed when they beat Zamalek 2-1 in the final on Friday night. He has also won the Egyptian Premier League, this is months after helping his former club Mamelodi Sundowns win the Premiership in South Africa. "Finally, I had to come to Nile River to catch the big Fish," said the man known as Jingles in football circles. "Yes, I do believe that God exists, and that Al Ahly is the biggest team in the continent - Club of Century. "Alone we can do so little, but together we can do so much. Thanks Captain El Khatib, and the board, players, technical team, players, staff, admin, supporters, my family, South Africa and Almighty God for the trophy. It always seems impossible until it is done - Nelson Mandela."  That was him attributing his achievement to all said above, especially South Africans who have been rallying behind him, including his assistant Cavin Johnson and his South African back room staff. And South Africans also invaded social media as they shared with him their achievement. His former club Mamelodi Sundowns wrote: "Congratulations TheRealPitso on your 2nd title and for flying our flag high Flag of South Africa." Swallows FC could not be outdone: "Simply the best. Congratulations Sir Pitso Mosimane."  Gauteng Education MEC, Panyaza Lesufi, added his weight behind the 56-year-old coach: "It’s Pitso Mosimane! Well done Jingles! The Special, Special and very Special one." PSL head of Communications Lux September wrote: "There is nothing anyone can do to stop an idea whose time has come. @TheRealPitso - You my brother are an inspiration to all. More importantly, you remind us that no-one owns us. That we are Free to be What we want to be..." Television commentator Baba mthethwa said: "Pitso Mosimane, Cavin Johnson, KB Rangoaga, Musi Matlaba you have shown that as a football nation we have gem stones that can make any trophy cabinet to sparkle. Respect and Honour to you gentlemen for believing in you." What more could Mosimane ask for if he's celebrated by his people south of the continent while up north. It always seems impossible until it is done- Nelson Mandela https://t.co/ohADzWyt7W 