Speakers at the funeral service of Prince Lethukuthula Zulu all said one thing – that the prince was a peaceful man, just like his name. The service was held at KwaKhethomthandayo in a big white marquee, where hundreds of people including ministers, KZN MECs and the premier came to pay their last respects. Musicians Andile kaMajola and Dumi Mkokstad also attended. The coffin was not in the marquee during the service. Daily Sun learnt that the prince was buried on Thursday night at Emahhashini Cemetery in Nongoma.  King Goodwill Zwelithini was also not in attendance. The People’s Paper learnt that he was watching the service from home. This after the MC told a speaker to move closer to the mic so that the king could hear him clearly from home. The prince was found dead on 6 November at his Northwold apartment in Joburg. An inquest docket was immediately opened but it was later changed to murder. He is survived by his parents, three children and four sisters. The prince first worked for Transnet in Durban and later moved to work for the company in Joburg. He eventually left to go into business. Uncle Lindelani Dlamini said the moment took them back to 1985 when they lost a sister. “Sometimes I wish I could get a chance to ask God why this is happening,” he said. Friend Thulani Mhlongo said indeed Lethukuthula was a peaceful man and humble. “We met at Transnet in Joburg and became friends. He taught me clans names,” said Mhlongo. He said he last saw the prince on Sunday, 1 November. “He told me he was getting married and asked me to be his best man. He was very excited and told me he had informed his parents,” said Mhlongo. Prince Simakade said it was not easy to speak during this time. “Lethukuthula’s death has shocked us. We are still confused. We are asking ourselves who’s next,” said prince Simakade. Prince Mbonisi Zulu spoke on behalf of his brother, the king. He said Lethukuthula was a blessing to the king and his wife, Queen Sibongile MaDlamini. Minister of Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma said they were shocked when they heard that the prince passed away. “We are at a loss for words. It’s very painful to lose a child. We all have hope that kids will look after us. Lethukuthula brought peace in the family,” said Dlamini- Zuma. Prince Lethukuthula is the first son of the king and Queen MaDlamini. The royal family has in this year alone lost three members.