WESTERN Cape Transport MEC Bonginkosi Madikizela has called for an urgent meeting with taxi bosses as taxi wars rage in Cape Town. Five people were killed and two were wounded at Nyanga Taxi Rank on Monday, 23 November at about 9.30pm. Cops said seven people were sitting in a taxi when the shooters opened fire. This happened after seven people were shot and wounded at Cape Town Taxi Rank earlier that day. “I’ve called an urgent meeting with the leaders of Cata, Codeta and Santaco Western Cape branch to express my grave concerns with regards to their inability or unwillingness to stop the senseless violence. “I’ll also be meeting senior officials from enforcement authorities including the police and Metro police, regulatory authorities, the provincial taxi registrar and regulatory entity to plan a co-ordinated, intergovernmental response to violence and crimes associated with the minibus taxi industry,” said Madikizela. Residents who live close to Nyanga Taxi Rank told Daily Sun they heard gunshots in Sihlanu Avenue on Monday night. “I heard gunshots when I was eating supper. I didn’t know where they came from, but a few minutes later my husband arrived from work. He said there were cops manning the taxi rank after people were shot,” said Nandipha Tenza (36). Brigadier Novela Potelwa said cops are investigating the shooting, and no one has been arrested yet. She said the taxi task team is probing a shooting incident. “Reports reveal seven individuals were in a taxi in Sihlanu Avenue near Nyanga Terminus when gunmen approached and fired shots. Four men between the ages of 30 and 36 died on the scene. “Three others were taken to a medical facility after sustaining serious injury. A fifth victim died in hospital. Two other victims who sustained injuries remain in hospital.” Potelwa said the motive was believed to be taxi conflict-related. Murder and attempted murder cases have been opened for investigation. Potelwa said more cops have been deployed to potential hot spots.