 IF it’s of good quality and safe, then it speaks to TT Ndhlovu. This independent businessman took time out to tell us why he’s in love with his car. “I’m a big fan of German cars because of their quality and safety. Quite reliable cars they make,” he said. Q: What car do you drive? A: I drive an Audi A3 1.4 TFSI S Tronic three-door and I love it. It’s more than a friend to me. Q: Why is it the best for you? A: It’s a very nice car: small and nimble and it gets the job done very well. It’s nice to have a car that you can easily manoeuvre around the city where there’s a lot happening. Q: How is this car on fuel? A: It’s not hard on fuel. I’m really enjoying it, and it doesn’t hit the pocket. Q: How reliable is your car? A: It’s reliable. The engine is quite good and powerful when it comes to performance. Q: Why did you choose the colour white? A: White stands out nicely on this car. You cannot miss it. White is the most visible colour and makes it safer. Q: Have you changed anything? A: Yes, I did change my seats’ cloth material into red leather and the interior came alive. The more comfortable I am inside, the happier I am. I believe an alive interior contributes to the driver being alert and awake on the road, making our roads safer for all using it. Q: How often do you get fines? A: I obey road rules and that helps me keep a clean record. I don’t get a lot of fines. Q: Would you allow another person to drive your car? A: Hardly, but trusted and responsible people close to me are allowed to drive it. Q: We’re heading for the festive. What can you say to other drivers? A: I think that drivers could be way more considerate to each other and respect the rules of the road. A lot of the time you find drivers that drive as if they’re the only ones on the road. Q: Your message of safety? A: Drinking and driving is a no-no. When you are drunk your judgment is clouded. If you’re drunk make use of chauffer services like Uber or Taxify and park your car. If you’re sober you’re able to able to avoid silly mistakes made by others.