PAC in Gauteng marched from Church Square to the Union Buildings in Tshwane on Friday to hand over a memorandum of demand to the Presidency. According to Gauteng PAC chairman, Tsietsi Molebatsi, they were launching the positive action campaign in the province. "The purpose of this campaign is to continue where our founding fathers ended in 1960s during the Sharpeville anti pass campaign. "We are here to demand the return and restore the land to its rightful owner, the Indigenous African people. "End settler colonial and apartheid-era land dispossession and housing policies,” he added He also said they demand the claim of reparations for the spiritual, emotional, mental, physical and social torture and destruction of the African people and fabric of the society. Molebatsi said their party demand restoration of the social dignity of the African people and the end of high cost of living and structural poverty. "The end to violence against women, concentration of wealth among settler minority, end concentration of poverty in African communities and ban the humiliating labour brokers. “The PAC also demand end to social degradation and pauperisation of the African people which include termination of outsourcing and stop the unjust 20 years house bonds lending system. "We need end of capitalist corruption, looting of public funds and the plundering of our natural resources," he said. Molebatsi said his party demand the end of American dollar-based exchange rate system. He said they need the removal of all symbols of land dispossession, political oppression, social degradation, economic exploitation, dehumanisation and enslavement. Some of significant symbols that the PAC say they need to be removed are include Voortrekker Monument, Union Buildings signifying the Union of South Africa in 1910, Paul Kruger and Die Stem in Nkosi sikel'iAfrica. Molebatsi said PAC need to take over now and run the country. He said in three months’ time the positive action campaign process will unfold. PAC national secretary for publicity and information, Jaki Seroke, said they have realised that for us to stand up to be counted they need to be united in action. "We must not follow or oppose what the government stands for. We must stand for what we want. He said they need to give people what belongs to them. "We are pushing masses in a direction where things we be speeded up and our freedom has meaning," he said. Vincent Ngcobo who is the manager in the Presidency said they will do a stamp in the memorandum documents, and the email will follow in next at least two days to acknowledge that you have submitted the memorandum. "We will come back to you within 14 days," he said.