LACK of jobs doesn’t necessarily mean lack of creativity to make some money. And the young man from Jagersfontein, Free State has proven that thinking out of the box really helps put food on the table. Rebabaletswe Mosoeu (29) has brought his two friends together and the trio have started a service to stand in long queues for their clients. After being unemployed for more than three years, Rebabaletswe started the idea in July and they are available to wake up early and wait in the long queue for anyone who needs to go to places such as the traffic department and Home Affairs. They charge from R100. All that is needed is for people to call and say which queue they want the young men to join on their behalf, or people can also send them a Facebook inbox or a WhatsApp. Rebabaletswe said: “I was born in Jagersfontein but spent most of my high school days in Ha-rasebei near Edenburg. I’ve been unemployed for over three years and came with this idea this year on 1 July when I saw people struggling to get their essentials. “I have realised that most people complain and are being impatient in long queues. That’s why I came up with this idea of waiting on the queues on their behalf. Most of the time I wake up at about 3am that’s when depression of being jobless kicks in. So I told myself that by this time I should be doing something about my life and not drowning myself in sorrow like it’s the end of the world.” He said he does the work alone most of the times but he has two people for his backup when he gets other calls. “I would like to see myself owning one of the biggest queue and errands services company. I’m only starting and still in need of a lot of things. The short term goal will be getting ourselves reflectors, bicycles and rain coats. In five years time, I want to see myself helping a lot of young people who are in the same position like myself. They won’t need driver’s licences because we will be using bicycles,” he said. Many Facebook users have shown support to Rebabaletswe’s idea. “I posted my idea on Facebook and I got my first client, Dorcas Kgowe, who paid me R300. But I charge from R100 to R200. In the meantime I leave home in the early hours and make sure I still maintain social distancing to avoid Covid-19 second wave. I’m looking forward to having a smartphone app for my services and will be registering the services. If you have any long queue to be at, don’t worry because I’m at your service,” he added. His partner Sylvester Malukazi (30) from Mangaung said: “The whole idea is not about making money or being known. It is all about loyalty and respect to our clients because we are helping the ones who can’t reach their destination on time. So we provide the best and easiest way to get things done in a split second.”