OLYMPIC gold medallists Caster Semenya and Wayde van Niekerk top the Athletics SA (ASA) list for the Tokyo Olympic Games preparation squad. The country’s athletic body has released a squad of 43 athletes in individual events (32 men and 11 women) for the games to be held from 30 July to 8 August next year in Japan. Further 15 sprinters have also been included in the national men’s and women’s sprint relay squads. Van Niekerk and Semenya shone with gold medals at the 2016 Rio Olympics, but have both faced some challenges since then. Van Niekerk spent two years off the track recovering from a tag rugby injury, while Semenya has been waging a legal war with the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) over her future. The world athletics governing body banned the 800m world champion from competing, unless she reduces the testosterone. She recently lost her appeal against the IAAF with the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), and it is unclear whether she’ll be defending her 800m Olympic crown next year. Question marks remain over her eligibility to race as she weighs her next option in her legal battle IAAF, with the Swiss Federal Tribunal the next logical step. Long jumper Luvo Manyonga is another world champion included in the team and so are javelin thrower Sunette Viljoen sprinter Akani Simbine, as well as the marathon runner, Stephen Mokoka. ASA has explained that the squad will be given opportunities to prepare at home, starting from a revised national fixtures list this month and next month, which will include various events that comply with strict health and safety measures. A preliminary national athletics team for the 2021 Tokyo Games will be submitted to the SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) after the 2021 World Athletics Relays, to be held in Silesia, Poland on 1 May next year. “We believe that we have assembled a very strong squad and we are confident that all the athletes are capable to be part of the final team, but that will be dependent entirely on them,” said ASA president Aleck Skhosana. “But they will have to stay focussed to achieve that as they train in their various disciplines.