BAFANA Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki says his charges won’t take foot off the pedal when they “host” Sao Tome and Principe in their return Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium this afternoon (3pm), as he wants to win the group. Ntseki is looking for a better showing compared to the 2-0 win over the same opposition at Moses Mabhida Stadium last Friday. The coach admitted afterwards that they didn’t impose themselves on the lowly ranked Islanders the way he wanted his side to do. Bafana were far from their best against the nation ranked 182nd in the world. Bafana dished up an uninspiring performance in the first half, which ended goalless until Bongani Zungu came on as substitute in the second. Things got better after half-time, with Percy Tau scoring from the penalty spot and super-sub Zungu heading in the second goal in the 90th minute to help Bafana get a much needed win. Ntseki revealed that Zungu, who recently joined Scottish giants Glasgow Rangers, will start the match today and control the engine room of the team. The talented midfielder, who flew from Scotland on a 22-hour long flight to join the camp in Durban last Wednesday, injected more life into the side when he came on as a second half substitute and made the difference in midfield. “We knew Zungu will add value with his qualities and I think everything worked out very well,” Ntseki revealed. “He had a very good game and scored. I think you can always pat yourself on the back as a coach after making such a substitution when the player makes (such) an impact.” Ntseki stressed Bafana must continue where they left off last Friday as a win will see his side take a giant step to book their place in the Afcon finals, which will be held in Cameroon in 2022. Bafana are second in Group C with six points after three matches, three points behind leaders Ghana, who defeated Sudan 2-0 last Thursday. “It’s a new ball game against (Sao Tome) because we want to go to Afcon finals and win the group,” said Ntseki, who was the assistant coach when Bafana crashed out in the quarter-final at last year’s event in Egypt. “Everybody is aware that six points in these two matches are very important for us. We are playing to win as a victory will give us a good opportunity to qualify for the Afcon finals. “After that, going into the remaining two matches in March next year, we have to collect another six points and win the group.” Tomorrow, table-toppers Ghana will visit Sudan at Al-Hilal Stadium.