Reality TV star Kim Kardashian has made Ayanda Thabethe's year. This is after the American reality star and business woman gave the former Top Billing Halloween look a Thumbs up. Celebrating Halloween in style, Ayanda recently teamed up with fashion house, Cinnel, to recreate the the look of the Kardashian sisters during their KKW Diamond Fragrance shoot they did two months ago. Shortly after Ayanda shared the pictures and video, Kim Kardashian saw them and also shared them on her Instagram stories. She further told Ayanda that she loved them and she looked amazing. Excited Ayanda then took to Twitter and revealed that chatting to Kim was her biggest highlight this year. "Chatting to Kim Kardashian on DM has to be the highlight of my whole year! When she posted the pic on her stories, I sent her the video too. I seriously none her more than I did it that's even possible. This is wild. So so so happy," she said. Thank you to each and everyone of you for your love and support! We loved this body of work and couldn’t wait to share it with you. To see how well you’ve responded to it makes me so very happy and made the work so worth it. I take Halloween simply as a day or an opportunity to celebrate our artistry as South Africans from hair, garments , makeup , photography , our beauty etc. we are TRULLY world class. This was fun and I’m obviously buzzing from the fact that it was appreciated by @kimkardashian herself, TRULLY made my day and reminded me that anything is possible for a willing heart. Couldn’t do this without the team @cinnelstore who comes up with these crazy ideas and I guess I’m always just crazy enough to say - yes let’s do it. We make a great team. Happy Halloween everybody !! Lots of love ?? ... [Last Post ??????] A post shared by @ ayandathabethe_ on Oct 31, 2020 at 8:06am PDT  Cinnel x Ayanda Thabethe Halloween 2020 Creating this video of the @kkwfragrance launch and acting as all the sisters was so much fun! @cinnelstore ?? SWIPE FOR ORIGINAL VIDEO A post shared by @ ayandathabethe_ on Oct 31, 2020 at 2:19am PDT  I’ll cherish this forever ?? #HappyHalloween ?? Thank you for the nod @kimkardashian ?? A post shared by @ ayandathabethe_ on Oct 31, 2020 at 6:06am PDT 