THE Constitutional Court will on Thursday, 26 November hear Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane’s appeal on President Cyril Ramaphosa’s ANC presidency campaign funding. Mkhwebane has approached the highest court in the land for an appeal after the North Gauteng High Court ruled that her findings after an investigation into the CR17 campaign were unlawful and her suspicion of Ramaphosa being involved in money laundering had no merit. Mkhwebane’s investigations, which later found the CR17 campaign received about R1 billion from various businesses, started after Ramaphosa was accused of having misled the National Assembly when answering about a donation made to his son Andile Ramaphosa by then Bosasa owner Gavin Watson to the tune of R500 000. Even though Ramaphosa later corrected his answer in a letter to Speaker Thandi Modise, then DA leader Mmusi Maimane lodged a complaint with Mkhwebane’s office, which later uncovered that numerous companies had donated to the campaign and some of the money was transferred to the Cyril Ramaphosa Foundation. It later emerged that, contrary to what Ramaphosa told the National Assembly about the money being paid to his son for services rendered, donation eventually found its way into the coffers of the CR17 campaign. The campaign team, after much furore, later paid back the money. But the high court ruled against Mkhwebane and later sealed the proof of transactions. Mkhwebane wants the Constitutional Court to overrule the high court decision. In court papers, Mkhwebane’s legal team argues that the high court erred in not finding that Ramaphosa personally benefitted and didn’t declared this to Parliament. They argued the donations were not towards the ANC but to him and, in actual fact, the governing party frowned on the practice of individuals contesting for positions receiving donations. The high court ruled that there were no facts that Ramaphosa acted wilfully to mislead Parliament. “There was no evidence to indicate the president knew about the account EFG2 at the time the president answered the question in Parliament,” the court found. “There was no evidence to indicate the president knew about the R500 000 donation made by Mr Watson to the CR17 campaign. “In the public protector’s treatment of the issue, she demonstrated a fundamentally flawed approach to the principles underpinning the question of whether the president violated the Executive Ethics Code by wilfully misleading Parliament. “By no stretch of law, logic or even ethics could conduct of this nature be said to amount to a wilful or deliberate misleading of Parliament.” Mkhwebane’s team is arguing that the evidence that Ramaphosa was not hands-on in the campaign is not true as there is evidence of emails presented in court. “There is nothing irrational about these findings. The CR17 campaign was not a party-political campaign for the propagation of a party-political cause. It’s common cause that the donations were benefits of a material nature to the president (the deputy president as he then was) and were a form of sponsorship. “There is no unlawful conduct. There is no violation of the constitutional mandate or statutory powers of the public protector. The investigation was procedurally fair. The investigation and report are rational,” Mkhwebane’s lawyers argue in the papers. Mkhwebane is joined in the application by the EFF and amaBhungane.