ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule is this morning expected to appear in the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court on charges of corruption related to a multi-million rand asbestos project. Magashule, according to an agreement between his lawyers and the Hawks, is expected to hand himself over after which he will be charged and his lawyers make a submission before applying for bail. Even though he is charged for his role in not overseeing the corruption in the project as premier of the Free State, it has emerged that more charges could be added to the charges that he is facing so far. Magashule’s arrest has so far divided the Free State ANC down the middle with one faction hailing his arrest while his supporters are equally against it and this could lead to a clash of factions outside court. The placard carrying members in ANC regalia marched along the street of the court with the MKMVA leading the chant under the watchful eye of the police pic.twitter.com/67VCjB8BV6  By Thursday night, Magashule’s supporters had gathered in the City of Roses for a night vigil ahead of his court appearance. The supporters had gathered next to the stadium where they were singing struggle songs. The governing party, and even Ace himself, has appealed to his supporters not to wear T-shirts or gather in his name outside court. The ANC, however, said this should not stop fellow comrades to support him as individuals. MKMVA spokesman Carl Niehaus, who is a vocal supporter of Magashule, was reported on Thursday night saying, despite an appeal that people should not wear ANC regalia, revealed that members would show up in court in the party colours. “As ANC members, we buy these T-shirts with our money. We can wear them, and we will wear them,” Niehaus said. “Tomorrow [Friday], comrades will come in their ANC regalia. I personally will come in the uniform of uMkhonto weSizwe, so I will have my uniform on.” The appearance has drawn a huge contingent of media and the court has warned that due to the capacity of the court, not all journalists will be able to make it inside. Ace Magashule supporters marching and singing in the streets of Bloemfontein. pic.twitter.com/osT064hEdE  “It should be noted that our courts do not have the capacity to accommodate a large number of video cameras. Due to Covid-19, it is also not in anyone’s interest to have many people in the same court room. There has also been a security assessment done, which resulted in a decision to restrict people coming into the court building. “Based on the news reports, the case will only be enrolled tomorrow, therefore the relevant parties will likely approach the magistrate tomorrow and only then will they make submissions,” read the media alert circulated on Thursday.