THE MTV Africa Music Awards are back with a bang! The award show showcasing the ultimate in African culture, music and creativity will be held in Uganda next year. The organisers said the ceremony would feature vibrant performances from top African and international artists and showcase some of the biggest cross-genre and cross-border collaborations. They said the awards will celebrate African talent across 20 award categories, including Best Male, Best Female, Best Song, and Best Collaboration. The awards ceremony will also have new categories including the MAMA Generation Change Award, Best Fan Base, Alone Together Best Lock-down Performance and Personality of the Year to show MTV Base’s commitment in supporting Africa’s youth. ALSO READ |TREVOR NOAH TO HOST THE GRAMMYS The MAMA Generation Change Award will recognise the continent’s inspiring young changemakers who are tackling the world’s most challenging social problems. The Alone Together Best Lock-down Performance award recognises outstanding performances that took place virtually, celebrating artists who took to streaming services to share their music and unite society during the 2020 lockdown. Monde Twala, VCNA senior vice president and general manager said: “It is an incredible honour to announce the seventh MTV Africa Music Awards Kampala 2021 will be hosted by the vibrantly diverse Uganda, The Pearl of Africa, for the first time on 20 February, 2021. We are excited to bring this amazing showcase to audiences across the continent and globally with an innovatively re-imagined awards show and celebration. “Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, content production has embraced innovation as the new gold and we are excited to take Africa to the world and showcase its immense talent and culture as we stage the biggest music awards show on the continent.” ....the MTV Africa Music Awards are back...20 February 2021- hosted in Kampala, Uganda!! ???? Start the countdown....??????? #MTVMAMA #VisitUganda @MTVBaseAfrica pic.twitter.com/P8pX2vFz8R 