RAPE survivor Thembeka Mdunyelwa-Mxokozeli from Khayelitsha in Cape Town has spoken out about her gang rape and abuse nightmare. The 34-year-old told residents at a 16 days of activism event in Khayelitsha on Thursday, 26 November: “I was 12 when I was gang-raped by three boys. I never told my parents because I was afraid how they’d take it.” But Thembeka never thought the incident would make her husband abuse her. When she got married when she was 19, she agreed with her husband to have an HIV test but because she was raped, chances of her being positive were high. “I kept postponing until 2016, when I fell pregnant. I was forced to have the test. I was positive.” After Thembeka told her husband about the results, things changed. “My husband would beat me up every day while I was pregnant. He was a pastor and I had to pretend I’m okay when I met church members. As the pastor’s wife, I had to keep the secret that I was in an abusive relationship.” She was reminded every day she was the one who brought HIV into the marriage. “At times, he left me alone for a month. I had to lie at church and say he was in Eastern Cape while I knew he was having fun. I was hoping he’d change, but it became worse when I fell pregnant with the second child. I became a punching bag for the entire pregnancy. My husband was always asking me when I’d divorce him, but I stayed and said that home was my kids’ home.” She advised residents to never stay in abusive relationships, hoping their partners would change. “If I continued staying, I’d be dead by now.” Thembeka said her ex-husband burnt the house while she was at work. “Residents asked how did I survive and I told them I wasn’t there when my house was set alight. That’s when I told myself now was the time to get out of that marriage, because that man was only abusing me.” They finally divorced in 2009 and now she’s living a peaceful life with her second husband of five years. She said her ex-husband’s abuse started verbally and became physical. “The till death do us apart we say when getting married doesn’t mean we must stay even though our husbands make us their punching bags. We need to get out and stop using kids to stay in abusive relationships.” Thembeka said the 16 days’ activism should happen every day. “Every day women and children are killed. Why wait until now to have this?” Zikhona Mahamba (45) said Thembeka’s testimony showed women get abused for a long time. “I salute her. She is strong. I don’t think I’d survive. As women, we need to stop staying in abusive relationships.”