COSATU is seething with anger at the termination of the
Unemployment Insurance Fund Temporary Employment Relief Fund, after President
Cyril Ramaphosa has made a commitment to workers that it will be extended. The union said the termination of the temporary relief for
workers on the recommendation of the National Coronavirus Command Council,
which took this unilateral decision, was reckless, outrageous and selfish. The
union wants this decision to be reversed immediately. The union spokesman, Sizwe Pamla, said for the command
council to take such a decision after a public announcement by Ramaphosa was
sending a wrong message of who was in charge, or signalled that “the centre is
not holding”. Pamla said the decision was taken without any consultation
with the workers who own this fund, and accused Employment and Labour Minister
Thulas Nxesi of misleading parliament when he said he would engage stakeholder
at Nedlac on the issue. Pamla said the government had not contributed a cent in this
fund, despite being called upon to do so and argued that the R8 billion that it
would have to pay for the extension would save jobs and help companies to stay
afloat. He added that UIF has R114 billion and has so far paid R50
billion since the beginning of pandemic and paying the extra R8 billion would
be far cheaper than collapsing companies. He said it would seem the UIF has deliberately refused to
tow the line. “We cannot afford to have a system where a public commitment
by the president can be ignored or rejected by some unelected and unaccountable
group of bureaucrats. This is a slippery slope, and it will soon raise the
question of who is in charge and whether the centre is really holding. “This administration is becoming more unreliable and
untrustworthy by the day and this trust deficit is a big problem for social
partners who work and engage with it daily. Despite repeated engagements from
organised labour and business at Nedlac, these government bureaucrats and their
political overlords, who are notorious for mismanaging and sometimes looting
these funds, have resisted doing the right thing by the workers and honouring
this commitment,” he said. Pamla added said this was the second time the government had
reneged on a promise made to the workers after it decided not to honour a
three-year salary agreement recently. The matter is now heading to court. “The UIF belongs to workers and not to the government. Government
has refused to contribute a single cent to it despite, being obliged by the
Unemployment Insurance Amendment Act to do so,” he said. Pamla said Ramaphosa will need to step up to the plate and
show leadership in ensuring that the commitment he made was honoured and
failure to do so will condemn millions of workers in poverty. 