With many people are searching for smartphones that offer the latest and greatest in technology. Fortunately, Samsung has created the Galaxy A Series - designed around offering real value and providing innovation for all. Samsung believes that these devices can empower more South Africans, from passionate entrepreneurs to the youth who are looking for new ways to express themselves and fulfil their dreams. Recently, when Samsung unveiled the Galaxy A71 and Galaxy A51, the popular additions to the A Series family, they packed it with enhanced features. Here are just some of the reasons these devices are so popular: Cameras You’ll love These days the quality of the cameras on our smartphones are one of the main reasons for buying a device. Featuring a main camera, Ultra Wide, Macro and Depth cameras, combined with intelligent features, the Galaxy A71 and Galaxy A51 ensure that you are always ready to shoot like a pro. The main camera photographs stunning images with a 64-megapixel camera on the Galaxy A71 and a 48-megapixel camera on the Galaxy A51. Taking crisp and vivid shots, this camera will let you snap the best photo possible, day or night. The Ultra-Wide camera has a 123o degree angle lens, giving you the same view as the human eye so you capture more of what you love. Enjoy the big screen Bigger, better and more immersive, the Galaxy A71 and Galaxy A51 have a 6.7-inch or 6.5-inch display respectively, which brings your favourite show or game to life like a home theatre in your pocket. Get non-stop action Work or play, we’re all on our phones a lot more these days. Thankfully, the Galaxy A71 and Galaxy A51 come with a large 4,500-mAh and 4,000-mAh battery respectively so you can use your phone longer throughout the day. They also include 25W and 15W fast charging capabilities.  The Galaxy A71 and Galaxy A51 also offer convenience such as Samsung Pay so you can shop safely, using your phone and is protected by the powerful Samsung Knox. Ultimately, these affordable devices bring you convenience and security while empowering you to live your best life.       