BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis is delighted for youngster Sibulele Holweni who has grabbed her opportunity with both hands in the ongoing Cosafa Women’s Championship. The versatile youngster has come through the ranks having captained both the SA Under-17 and Under-20 women’s national teams before her graduation into the senior side. Holweni is also one of a select few players who have played in two World Cups at the tender age of 19 after she captained Bantwana in Uruguay before playing for Banyana at last year’s global showpiece in France. And her class was evident against lowly Comoros in Banyana’s final group game where she bagged five goals to help her side progress into the semifinals and thrash Comoros 7-0. Ellis was delighted with how her side played, particularly Holweni. “Sibulele took her chances very well,” said Ellis. “It just shows the versatility that we have in this team. I mean, she normally plays as a left-back or as an attacking midfielder but you wouldn’t have noticed with the way she slotted into the more advanced position.“ But I always say that the team comes first and the individual comes second. I’m happy that she did well for the team and obviously she did well for herself. I mean, scoring five goals in one match, that doesn’t happen too often.” Banyana topped their group with nine points from three games, scoring a whopping 15 goals and conceding none as they eased into the knockout stages. They will, however, face a sterner test in the semifinals against a Malawi who have also been solid in this year’s competition. Ellis, who managed to rotate her squad well in the group stages, now has a tough task of selecting her best team after several players raised their hand. “I have been happy with the results and the performances of the team so far,” added Ellis.“ But now we have to raise our game going into the knockout stages.“ We said we wanted to give all the players an opportunity and we managed to do that. The players have made it difficult for us to pick the next team because they all performed well. They have given us a nice headache heading into the knockout stages. I’m glad we have a clean bill of health so now we can plan properly.” 