AS if overturning a massive 3-0 first leg loss wasn’t daunting enough, Kaizer Chiefs are misfiring going into the MTN8 Cup semi-final return leg. Their form upfront is hardly ideal going into a Soweto derby against old rivals Orlando Pirates at FNB Stadium on Sunday (3pm). They have only scored twice in five matches, and it is worth noting that the two goals have come from a defender, Yagan Sasman. Adding to the mammoth task they face in the return leg is the fact that Amakhosi go into the epic derby battle with no away goal. On the other hand, the Buccaneers are brimming with confidence, needing only a goal to practically wrap up the tie, bar a miracle from their rivals. Miracles have happened in football, as seen with the “Miracle of Istanbul” when Liverpool turned the tables on AC Milan. But it takes a team with a better scoring ratio to pull off such a miracle. Khama Billiat and Bernard Parker started the season brightly, showing glimpses of their former selves with notable contributions in the quarter-finals. However, their combination upfront couldn’t produce results against TS Galaxy in their midweek league match. Unable to sign new players as a result of for Fifa transfer ban, coach Gavin Hunt has to make do with what he has at his disposal. “Of course, we could get a striker. “But you know about our situation. We have to work hard, said Hunt. “You’ve got to keep working and obviously we only have two strikers available and we’ve got to keep playing them. “There is not really much we can do about that. “So we have got to try and get through this period and hopefully, Khama can score a few goals. “I have not had a chance to work with everybody (injuries) and obviously Samir Nurkovic is the biggest blow. You know he’s our top goal scorer and he hasn’t played. We haven’t had everybody available and our squad is not the biggest.” Despite the absence of head coach Josef Zinnbauer, Pirates are showing no signs of distress with Thembinkosi Lorch and Zakhele Lepasa in a form of their lives. Fadlu Davids is holding the fort as Zinnbauer is still on leave, and the job of the assistant coach couldn’t be any easier guiding a team that has a three-goal advantage. Both Hunt and Zinnbauer agree that the scoreline wasn’t quite the true reflection of the first leg clash at Orlando Stadium. If their assessment is anything to go by, then the second leg will be a humdinger.