THE long wait for the start of the 2020-21 GladAfrica Championship is almost over. The runners-up from last season, Cape Town Spurs who were known as Ajax Cape Town until last season, will get the new campaign up and running when they face Polokwane City at the Cape Town Stadium on Friday (3.30pm). Spurs start with a clean slate this season, back to their original name after their marriage of 21 years with Dutch club Ajax Amsterdam came to an end. They have appointed Serbian mentor Vladislav Heric to help steer the team back to the top flight after a three year absence. Heric has history with the club having previously been at Ajax as an assistant and youth development coach. Spurs have also been very active in the market in an attempt to beef up their squad ahead of the season. They have signed players like Lerato Manzini, Thobani Mncwango, Buyani Sali, Riyaad Norodien, Chris Katjiukua and Siyabonga Madikane. Spurs still have in their ranks last season’s top goal scorer in the Championship Abednego Mosiatlhaga who will be an obvious threat. His goals, however, were not enough to help the Mother City side gain promotion as they lost out on gaining automatic promotion to Swallows FC. Heric wants his team to put history behind them and focus on their fresh challenge this season. “Everything starts from scratch for me,” said Heric. “I look at this as a new challenge and I believe that we can be successful.” Rise and Shine, on the other hand, are back in the second tier of Mzansi football after they were relegated from the top flight last season. They will be desperate to make an immediate return to the Premiership as they are aware that the longer one stays in the Championship, the harder it is to escape. In other matches to look out for on the opening weekend, rookies Sekhukhune get their campaign up and running with a clash against another new name in the Championship in Royal AM, formerly Real Kings at Makhulong Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). OPENING GLADAFRICA FIXTURES TOMORROW SATURDAY SUNDAY