THE Bushiris will spend two more nights at the Kgosi Mampuru prison before they hear their fate. This after Magistrate Thandi Theledi announced that she will deliver her judgment on Wednesday at 10am. Self-Proclaimed Shepperd Bushiri, his wife Mary, Landiwe Ntlokwana, Willah and Lethu Mudolo appeared briefly in the Pretoria Magistrate Court earlier today. The court heard the last closing arguments from the state and the defence team. In their closing argument, the state defended why it was opposing the bail application this time around, but not in a separate when Bushiri and his wife were arrested in February last year. The prosecutor said she was not assigned to the first matter in 2019, however she said the states’ case is now stronger than it was in the 2019 matter and the state believes the accused will have more reason to evade trial now. She said but with this one the couple had moved properties into company names and vehicles have been moved out of the country, suggesting they are ready to leave the country. The state said although the Bushiris have Malawian diplomatic passports, according to Dirco, they do not have any diplomatic privileges in South Africa. The state argued that Bushiri’s status at the church, as a spiritual father, places him in a position to be able to influence complainants. Bushiri’s lawyer Aneli Van den Heever on her last arguments said they don’t know when these offences on the charge sheet were allegedly committed, and who the complaints were. She said the Bushiris had their two minor children present when they were arrested. She also added that it was misleading for the state to argue that the applicants have limited fixed assets. Van den Heever said the state has not disputed that the applicants have an obligation to their congregations. She said the accused have shown that they have integrity and will stand their trial and their conduct trumps speculation and opinion. The matter has been rolled over to Wednesday. Magistrate Theledi said she needs the whole of Tuesday to consider the arguments and make her judgment.