THE Jacob Zuma Foundation has accused the courts of being part of a political onslaught against the former president. This was in a statement in response to Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo’s statement declaring he had a child with Zuma’s sister-in-law 25 years ago. “We note that our courts have become part of the political onslaught against President Zuma, bending the law to serve political elites that seek to scapegoat President Zuma for all the ills that confront South Africa. “It’s clear that punishing President Zuma has become a guarantee for a career in the judiciary,” read the statement. The foundation also made several accusations that the media was diverting attention from Zondo’s recent declaration. “The foundation has also noted the disturbing sponsored media narrative that followed as soon as the statement was released. “As if primed to descend on former president Zuma and his lawyers, media houses were abuzz, falsely accusing him and his lawyers of using a private matter to fight a legal case. In doing so, they deliberately ignored the fact that the admission was made by the deputy chief justice himself.” WHICH COUNTRIES HAVE MEN WITH THE BIGGEST 4-5s? The foundation said it wished to remind the public that the application for Zondo’s recusal hasn’t been filed, and attributing this disclosure to him and his lawyers was merely mischief that is designed to save his image. “The timing of the media statement is indeed intriguing as it is clear that it was advice of the hidden backroom masters and their advisors trying to do a primitive strike for their man. “It’s rather curious that the deputy chief justice deemed it necessary and appropriate to comment on a matter that’s still to be placed before him for adjudication.” On Friday, Daily Sun reported on how Zondo admitted he’d been romantically involved with Zuma’s sister-in-law. “In the mid 1990s – that is about 25 years ago – when I was in my 30s and still in private practice as a lawyer, I got into a relationship with a certain woman out of which a child was born,” he said in a statement. “That relationship ended during the 1990s.”