JOHANNES WAS getting worried because his small jug of mqombothi was running low. But then the mlungu called him over and they shared a drink – and they became best friends. “MQOMBOTHI BROUGHT ME AND MY MLUNGU FRIEND TOGETHER!” SAID JOHANNES. Running out of your special drink in a shebeen is never a good thing.  And when mlungu Justus Craven invited Johannes Ngobeni over to share with him a great friendship blossomed. That was about two months ago, and the two stay together in Johannes’ RDP in Kanana kasi in Hammanskraal, Tshwane.  When Johannes first saw the mlungu ekasi, he never dreamt they could be friends. The only mlungu he really knew was his boss. “But this mlungu was different. Justus is black inside with a white skin. “He eats everything I cook and tells me to make my traditional food because that’s what I enjoy most. “I’ve opened my house to him and given him a room in my RDP. “He didn’t have a stable home. He’s not renting. He’s family now.” The mlungu speaks Tswana, Sotho, Zulu and Afrikaans. He isn’t working, so they drink mqombothi on weekends. “You can see a smile when we drink. He’s grateful. “He said he loves mqombothi more because it’s tasty and original.” The mlungu looks happy and relaxed ekasi and loves spending time with kids.  Justus told Daily Sun he enjoys the sour taste. “When I drink mqombothi I feel relaxed and free. “I won’t drink anything else. Mqombothi has made me fit well ekasi.” He’d love to marry a Venda lady one day. “They represent the beauty of Africa,” he said. Justus said people ekasi are friendly. Resident Ntombi Kgabo saidthe two are always happy when she sees them. “Justus is a good person. And he’s funny,” she said. He was apparently born and grew up in Cullinan, Tshwane. After his mum died in 1991 and his dad in 1994, they lost the family house. After that he lived on a friend’s farm in Rooivaal, but moved out last year. He stayed in Winterveld for a month after a Good Samaritan took him in. He slept at cop shops and other public places until he met Johannes.  