THE government of Malawi on Monday expressed displeasure with the treatment of President Lazarus Chakwera and his delegation, who were delayed for about six hours in Tshwane on Friday. They released a statement outlining how the presidential envoy was subjected to additional security checks and searches, which they called improper and incongruous with the treatment they received when entering the country. The Malawian government insisted that the treatment of Chakwera, who was with his wife, Monica, and his delegation was unjustifiable. They said the plane was scheduled to leave South Africa at 15.30 hours but did not leave until 22.30. “Among the causes of the delay was the South African government’s refusal to allow Malawi’s advance delegation to travel back home together with Chakwera and his delegation, citing unspecified security reasons,” they stated. They further said the South African authorities’ inexplicable refusal to let Malawi’s president leave with his advance team came despite being informed of the arrangement in advance, in conformity to a similar arrangement made in all countries Chakwera has visited so far. The Malawian foreign affairs ministry said Chakwera resolved that he would not depart from Tshwane without his advance team. “An agreement was later reached for the Malawian presidential jet to make a stopover at OR Tambo International Airport to pick up the Malawian government officials,” they said. Malawi said the treatment of their president was a breached diplomatic protocol commensurate with the dignity of Chakwera’s office and person. They said when the presidential plane made the pit stop at OR Tambo International Airport, the Malawian government said its officials were subjected to repeated security checks, both before and after boarding the plane. The Malawian foreign affairs ministry said even though the South African Presidency did well by clarifying publicly that Chakwera played no role in abetting fugitive Shepherd Bushiri’s escape, they were still not happy. “The government of Malawi is aware and grateful that a public statement was recently issued by the South African government, exculpating Chakwera from false allegations dominating the South African media that his presidential plane was used as a conduit for trafficking two Malawians wanted by South African authorities. Notwithstanding, the government of Malawi notes with concern that the statement falls short of acknowledging that the treatment Chakwera was subjected to, upon his departure, improper and incongruous to the warm hospitality he received upon his arrival,” they concluded. On the other hand, the South African Presidency said it was aware of the statement by the Malawian government, but could not comment further on the matter to Daily Sun after an inquiry. The presidency’s spokeswoman, Phumla Williams, said: “We are aware of the remarks made by the Malawian government.”