BUSISIWE died for loving me. These were the words of Mduduzi Mashinini from Braamfischerville in Soweto. He told Daily Sun his dead girlfriend Busisiwe Qhoa (27) had given up on love when they first met. “She’d just left her abusive boyfriend and was done with love. She didn’t want to see a man next to her,” said Mduduzi. But Busisiwe could smile again after he came into her life. “I gave her hope. She fell for me and from then on we were like pigeons,” he said. They were chilling at a tavern on Saturday when Busisiwe got up to go buy more drinks. “She kissed me and left, and that was the last kiss,” said a heartbroken Mduduzi. “She also whispered in my ear that she loved me and that only death would come between us.”  He said he told Busisiwe he loved her, too. “Next thing she came back crying, with blood in her chest. “She fell on top of a friend with whom we were seated and said her ex had stabbed her.” Mduduzi went looking for the ex, who was nowhere to be found. They then rushed Busisiwe to hospital, where she died of stab wounds. Said Mduduzi: “This guy stole something precious from me. “I wish to meet him so he can tell me why he did this.” He suspected the ex was jealous that Busisiwe had found real love. But Busisiwe’s sister, Boitumelo Qhoa (31), blamed the police and courts for her sister’s death. “The guy who stabbed her was abusive. When they were dating he’d beat her up,” she said. She said Busisiwe reported him to the police and he was arrested. BISHOP ZONDO EXPOSED! “But they let him out on free bail. “If they’d kept him in jail my sister would still be alive. She said they hope the very same police who let the guy go on free bail could hunt him and lock him up. “He was heartless. He wanted my sister dead. “That’s why he stabbed her to death.” He wasn’t scaring her. Busisiwe’s gogo, Nomvula Makara (71), said Busisiswe had  when she told Busisiwe to dump her ex, she did. He always abused her. One time, he beat her up and take off her hair. The hair came out with the skin. She was in so much pain. Because he refused and told her ex that she moved on and she’d found someone. “That’s why he killed her.” She said now that Busisiwe had left the guy, he always abused her, wanting her to come back to him. Police have opened a murder docket.