THE 2020-21 GladAfrica Championship season, which kicks off next weekend, is expected to be one of the most exciting in recent history. The inaugural season was filled with excitement and suspense, and signs are that this campaign will take things to the next level. A number of new clubs have made their intentions clear heading into their first season in the second division, and are expected to raise the standard. Sekhukhune United, who bought the status of Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), are one of the teams that are looking to make a huge impression if their launch a week ago is anything to go by. Babina Noko, who will use Tembisa’s Makhulong Stadium, have employed the astute Johnny Ferreira as their head coach and have tasked him with earning promotion within three years. Sekhukhune have provided Ferreira with some of the best talent in the Championship, with the likes of Jabu Maluleke, Siyabulela Shai, Tapuwa Kapini and Prince Nxumalo. The former Uthongathi mentor welcomed the challenge and believes he can deliver for the rookies. “I remember when the chairman asked me how long it would take us to get to the PSL. I told him the club that employ me for this season will be playing in the PSL next season,” said a confident Ferreira. “We performed well in the Championship with my previous team (Uthongathi) and I’m going to take it a step further and get this team to where they belong.” Sekhukhune get their campaign up and running with a clash against another new name in the Championship in Royal AM, formerly Real Kings, at Makhulong Stadium next Saturday (3.30pm). But the honour of getting the season officially underway will go to Cape Town Spurs and Polokwane City in their curtain-raiser to be played at Cape Town Stadium, a day earlier on Friday. Spurs, formerly Ajax Cape Town, will look to redeem themselves this season having had their hearts broken last term after they narrowly lost out on promotion. Another team that will be hoping to improve on their showing from last season are JDR Stars, who also missed out on a play-off spot following an impressive debut campaign. The Hammer Boys face Cape Town All Stars, another familiar name making a return to the Championship, at Parrow Park Stadium, on the same day. Meanwhile, rookies freshly promoted from the ABC Motsepe League Bizana Pondo Chiefs and Pretoria Callies will have to wait until next month to make their debuts in the Championship.