THE jury is still out on whether Vision 2022 has so far achieved its objectives. But with no World Cup appearances for Bafana Bafana, it will be difficult to argue that the football association has reaped rewards of the grand masterplan. The much-touted Vision 2022 was launched six years ago with the main objective of reclaiming Bafana Bafana’s rightful place among the top teams on the continent. It was touted as a fundamental rebuilding of the structures of Safa at all levels to create the conditions that will bring about the sustained international success for the national teams, including Banyana Banyana. The long-term development plan is to achieve the goal of always having both senior national team being in the top three in Africa, and in the top 20 in the world. While Banyana could point to their qualification for their maiden Fifa World Cup, achieved through progress of the junior teams, Bafana have not been entirely achieved their goal, except to only qualify for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations finals. They remain 13th in Africa and the same brackets with the minnows in the world rankings. When he took office as the head of Safa, Danny Jordaan acknowledged Bafana’s performance and set about changing that with the Vision 2022 masterplan. Part of the solution was to have the junior national teams consistently qualifying for major tournaments, as seen with the successes of the U-17, U-20 and U-23 sides through a synergy. Maiden World Cup appearances for Amajita, Amajimbos, Banyana, Bantwana and the Olympics qualification for Amaglug-glug, ticked the boxes of progress. Progress has been made with the coaching courses for aspiring coaches, and the various structures, including Bantwana going to the 2018 U-17 Fifa World Cup in Uruguay. But for as long as Banyana and Bafana don’t make it to the top tournaments, the Vision 2022 will be judged a failure. Bafana haven’t qualified for the World Cup since 2002, except when they were hosts in 2010. Qualifying for the 2022 World Cup will be a great reflection on the Safa Vision. Having qualified the U-17 for the World Cup, Molefi Ntseki has a track record and a great background of the junior teams. It will be fitting for him to be the one taking Bafana to the finals in Qatar. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso