THE new hit song, John Vuli Gate, has received backlash from senior pastor Lingelihle Jadezweni of Christian Church in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape. In a Facebook video clip, Jadezweni says the song is demonic. “How messed up can we be as this country? Right at the time when we are experiencing such gender-based violence, and the very people we are fighting hard for not to be violated, they are busy playing with their bums,” he fumed. “They say John, who is a man, vul’igate nas’ istoko. You allow yourself to be called istoko and then tomorrow you will say you must not be violated. “In the name of Jesus, South Africa wake up and smell the roses. Stop this nonsense and take responsibility. Christians must not be excited when they see nonsensical things. We need to rebuke these things. ALSO READ: FORMER IDOLS STAR BOTLHALE EMBRACES GROWTH! “John, vala lo gate,” he continued, which can be translated as “John, close that gate”. He went on to say the women of this country are not the stock to be abused by men. “John vala lo gate, the women of this country are daughters of the most high God. Close that gate of promiscuity in the name of Jesus. How dare you open that gate. It’s demonic. We are not going to be controlled by demons,” he said. “Things start small and we accept them and we do not rebuke them. Whenever you see promiscuity, you must rebuke it. If you can, comment and don’t be coward. When you keep quiet, people think it’s right. When you start entertaining these things you will soon become promiscuous,” he said. His sermon was followed by a series of comments, with people agreeing with him. Zinziswa Hlubikazi Ranjie wrote: “I didn’t want to say or post anything about that song because almost everyone is enjoying it and dancing to it, even in church. “It’s bad and we are busy conforming but I’m glad you said it, tata.” Sindi Magubane wrote: “Some things look as if they are not harmful, but they are very dangerous. Thank you, Mfundisi.” Ngwenya Simmy Simiso wrote: “It’s the lyrics of the song and the dance of bending and popping your bums out and shaking them that is an issue with the song. Let’s be realistic, there are men who are perverts and will use that song and the dance to think of promiscuity when seeing young ladies. “There is really nothing enjoyable as all that will lead to is rape. So I agree. Rebuke the devil, close that gate. What is stoko? No man.” Lenny Malaji of John Vuli Gate fame said: “I’d urge that the pastor and everyone else listen to the song carefully. The song is not demonic and it’s not promoting promiscuity. The John we are referring to is one of our friends and he was actually in the studio when we composed and came up with the hook. But my guess to all of this is that people are jealous, especially now that the song is trending.” 