NATIONAL Assembly Speaker, Thandi Modise, has announced a high-powered legal panel to look into whether there’s a case to probe Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane’s fitness to hold office. The three-member panel, as announced by Modise, comprises retired Constitutional Court Justice Bess Nkabinde, anti-apartheid activist Advocate Dumiza Ntsebenza and senior counsel Advocate Johan de Waal. The move by Modise comes despite Mkhwebane intending to take her application to interdict the parliamentary process after she lost her bid to put brakes on her impeachment. Modise said the panel will start with its work on a date to be announced and will have 30 days to come to a determination on whether Parliament can continue to probe the public protector’s fitness to hold office. This comes after the opposition DA lodged a complaint with Modise after a string of court losses and hammering by judges in their rulings. But Mkhwebane has argued that Parliament rules to deal with her impeachment would need to be dealt with first. “Its constitutionality has not been attacked by the respondents (Modise, President Cyril Ramaphosa and others) and must therefore be accepted. No exceptions or qualifications have ever been defined for the application of the rule,” argued Mkhwebane. She has also complained that she would not get fair treatment from some MPs who have publicly attacked her. But Modise seems determined to forge ahead with the process. “The panel should determine whether there’s prima facie evidence to show the holder of the public office committed misconduct, is incapacitated, is incompetent. In doing so, it should provide the holder of a public office with a reasonable opportunity to respond, in writing, to all relevant allegations,” said Modise. “The panel may not have an oral hearing but rely on written and recorded information submitted to it. “The report in turn should be scheduled for a consideration by the House. The panel may otherwise determine its own working arrangements.”