Southern Africa football confederation leaders have joined the world in mourning the late Diego Maradona. The Argentinian died aged 60 on Wednesday following a heart attack at his home. Despite all his skill, speed, goals for the Argentinian national teams and Barcelona, also include Boca Juniors where he netted 35 goals collectively in two stints, he will be remembered for his "Hand of God". This is a phrase that he used to describe a goal that he scored in Argentina v England during the 1986 Fifa World Cup and the goal was allowed, without a card given. His death took the world by shock after having undergone a "successful" surgery two weeks ago for a blood clot on his brain and he was back home to recover. Safa president Danny Jordaan said this is gut wrenching. "The worst news of 2020. Maradona is truly one of the greatest, if not the greatest footballer of all time. "We have lost a giant of the sport ever to live on earth. Maradona played a part in making sure the 2010 Fifa World Cup, the first on the African continent was a resounding success. Flamboyant on and off the pitch, football will never be the same without Diego Maradona. This news is difficult to stomach. RIP champion." Council of Southern Africa Football Associations (Cosafa) president, Phillip Chiyangwa, was equally devastated by the sad news of the soccer legend. "The greatest footballer of all time. Everyone who cares about football will remember him for the famous 'Hand of God'. Football has lost one of its greatest icons. He has left a huge void filled with good memories for us all. Our footballers must have learned a thing or two from him because there will be no other like him. "I am so touched by this sad loss. One of the best in the world. One of the players you can talk about the whole day. His laughter and charisma will always be remembered. His skill and dribbling will always be remembered." Forget about Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi for now, this is the legend that has signed off. World football confederations, federations, clubs and official jumped straight on to social media to pay their respect to the Argentinian. Diego Maradona's iconic pre-match warm-up ??#Maradona pic.twitter.com/aAcRMuROXP BREAKING: Argentine soccer great Diego Maradona has died. https://t.co/eYVkzVZ9qa   