POPULAR Limpopo gospel group Go Explo, led by pastor Kenny Shibambu, has been nominated in the upcoming SABC Crown Gospel Music Awards. The annual event takes place on 29 November. The group is nominated in three categories: Best Gospel Album, Best DVD and Best Collaboration from their new album, Chapter Four, From Glory To Glory. Pastor Kenny said they feel honoured by the nomination. “This is a sign that people recognise our music. It’s no surprising to learn that we have over 80 000 views on YouTube. “There’s also positive feedback on TV and radio,” said Kenny. ALSO READ: LUCKY GUMBI LASHES DJ TIRA! The contemporary and traditional gospel group poured its heart out during a live recording at the Rockwood Theatre, in Pretoria, before lockdown in March. They left fans refreshed and renewed with their powerful worship medley. The award-winning group features men and women of God the likes of Rofhiwa Manyaga, Idols SA finalist Mmatema Moremi, Mabungi Mabasa, Pastor Rudolph Mabasa and others. The song Shall not Prevail will touch and bring you closer to the awesome God. It is already well received by the public and features two of the best Kenyan artists, Mike Manoa and Janice Wanyoike. It also gives hope during this Covid-19 pandemic. Pastor Kenny said the group started in 2006 as a developmental project with the intention to unearth new talent and nature it. “Today it is the growing gospel group that has discovered singers like Mahungu, Bungi, Senelisiwe and many more who has released their solo projects,” said Kenny. The group had an opportunity to perform in California in 2009 and 2010. In 2012, they performed in Australia during the Zoe Purpose conference. They Munghana Lonene, SABC Radio awards in 2012 for best gospel song of the year, Mopani District Municipality awards in 2018 for contribution in the development of artists in the district and also an accolade from Black Management Forum for developing young artists in Limpopo. Kenny said if they won, they’d dedicate the awards to the people of Limpopo and different churches in and around the area for allowing their worshippers to be part of the album. The song Shall Not Prevail, is meant to restore hope during the Covid-19 pandemic that has afeected the world.