THE infrastructure project will position the country as an investment destination of choice with a ready and able workforce, said President Cyril Ramaphosa while opening the Infrastructure SA Project discussion at Gallagher Estate in Midrand outside Joburg on Tuesday. Infrastructure was at the heart of his economic recovery plan announced two weeks ago during his address to the nation. He said working with the private sector, 276 projects with a total value of over R2,7 trillion have already been identified. Since then, 50 of the strategic integrated projects with a value of R340 billion have been gazetted and an additional 12 special projects listed after the Sustainable Infrastructure Development Symposium in June. Government was now hard at work to kick-start the recovery plan, which he said was underpinned by agreements between social partners. “We are prioritising economic reforms to unlock investment and growth, fighting crime and corruption, driving industrialisation with a focus on growing small businesses, improving capability of the state, and creating jobs through mass public employment programmes. “Another key priority intervention is promoting aggressive infrastructure investment and supporting its delivery. These include large-scale build projects, community and social infrastructure, and infrastructure maintenance.” Over four years, R1 trillion is expected to be unlocked though infrastructure investment. The president said key in achieving this was the national infrastructure fund, which has been operationalised and was a blended financing instrument aimed at de-risking projects to make them attractive for private sector participation. He said it was significant that multilateral development banks, pension funds and commercial banks have agreed to participate in the governance structures of the infrastructure fund. Projects identified so far were in water and sanitation, energy, transport, digital infrastructure, agriculture and agro-processing, and human settlements. Each were vital for rejuvenation of the economy, reducing the cost of doing business and improving the country’s competitiveness. “Through Infrastructure SA, we will be investing in building state capacity in project technical and financial engineering skills.” Ramaphosa said despite the difficult business climate, infrastructure developments were going ahead and all parties must ensure the groundwork was done efficiently and thoroughly.