NETBALL SA (NSA) are the custodians of netball in the country and they will not be undermined by anybody! This is the stern message from NSA president Cecilia Molokwane to the NSL netball league founders. Molokwane has slammed the NSL for undermining the netball federation with their plans to launch a professional league without NSA’s consent. In August, NSL founding members, former Proteas coach Elize Kotze, former national team captain Amanda Mynhardt, Rozanne Matthyse, Yolandi Ferreira (former provincial players) and CEO Ziyaad Desai, announced plans to launch a professional league. But Molokwane says that will not be done under her watch.“As NSA we have distanced ourselves from the NSL netball,” said Molokwane during a virtual press briefing on Monday. “We never endorsed it. They don’t have the players, we have players. They want to use our coaches and our players. However, they don’t want to adhere to what we want them to adhere to. “What worries us is that after we’d talked about having a netball professional, white people suddenly want to turn netball professional in their own space.“NSA are the custodians of netball in this country. Anything that is not sanctioned by us will not be endorsed.” Molokwane further explain they were not against anyone developing netball, but were open to discussions. “If you want to help us grow netball, show us the plan. Talk to us,” she explained. "We’d tell you ’this is how we feel it should be done to make sure it covers everybody’. At the end of the day, we want our players, as we’ve decried in the past, to be well-treated and are not be abused. Luring our players through money, and refusing to disclose the people behind the franchises is not the way to go. “We don’t want to turn out like other sporting federations, where you have two entities in a federation. You will not use anyone who is registered with SA netball. That will be against our constitution." Molokwane drew comparisons with the StellenSport Premier Netball League (SPNL), who are in the process of being endorsed. explaining it was not about the money, but about policy. “Don’t get us wrong. It's not about the money but policies. We want netball to grow. At the right time, we will announce our plans for the league. But nobody is going to come to our sport and bully us. Are they undermining us because we they are men with money? “We will endorse it at the right time if they do the right things like we are currently doing with StellenSport.”