THEMBA Zwane has issued a reminder as to why he is the reigning Footballer of the Season. The Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder scored a hat trick to inspire the Brazilians to a 4-3 win over AmaZulu in an action-packed match played at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Sunday. Zwane’s hat trick was the third quickest in PSL history after Bhongolwethu Jayiya and James Chamanga. The 31-year-old, who was also named the player’s player of the season and midfielder of the season last term, was simply irresistible for Sundowns with Usuthu left with no answers. The Sundowns coaches gave goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene his first start of the season with regular number one Dennis Onyango not available for selection. Club captain Hlompho Kekana was again left on the bench while Lebohang Maboe returned to the starting line-up. For AmaZulu, Sandile Khumalo was handed a rare start by head coach Ayanda Dlamini as Usuthu looked to upset the defending champions in their backyard. But Zwane was the man of the moment as he grabbed the headlines with one of his best performances in Sundowns colours. It was AmaZulu, however, who got off to a bright start as they found the back of the net as early as the 15th minute when Lehlohonolo Majoro pounced on a defensive blunder from Ricardo Nascimento to put his side in the lead. But Usuthu could not hang on to their lead as an inspired Zwane got the Brazilians back into the game with his first goal of the match in the 19th minute. The Tembisa born star was just getting started and he was back to trouble the Usuthu defence just two minutes later with a brilliant solo goal with his supposedly weaker foot on the edge of the box. Mshishi, as Zwane is affectionately known, completed his hat trick in the 30th minute when he latched on to Kermit Erasmus’ pass to slot past the onrushing Usuthu goalkeeper. But Usuthu were not prepared to go down without a fight and they roared back in the second half through Memela, however, Peter Shalulile put more daylight between the sides. Khumalo’ goal was just a consolation in the end as Sundowns held on for all three points and returned to the top of the log. 