THE memorial service for the Queen of Kwaito, Mshoza, is currently under way at the Bassline in Newtown. The service, which started at 11.15am, is being hosted by Mshoza’s friend, kwaito artist Nkiyase Mondlana-Mbatha. Her father-in-law opened the service with a prayer, followed by Mzambiya. A heartbroken Mzambiya told a story of how he met Mshoza and immediately became friends. “Never did I think there would come a time when I come to say bye to Mshoza here at the Bassline, where we used to perform,” said Mzambiya. “We met in Zola in 1998 when I was trying to get into the music business.” He asked that people celebrate Mshoza. Mshoza's memorial service is underway at #Bassline in Joburg.Her friend says she asked her to speak at her funeral when she died.#RIPMSHOZA@dailysunsa pic.twitter.com/4tniZOPUrL  “The Mshoza I know was bubbly. She’d have loved to be celebrated. As heartbroken as we are, may we please celebrate her in a happy way. “She was never grumpy. She was always bubbly. I believe she’s here with us spiritually. I just want to say rest in peace. You’re loved and I’ll do my level best to keep your music alive.” Mshoza's memorial service is underway at Bassline in Joburg.She passed away last Thursday from diabetes complications. Mapaputsi paying tributes.#RIPMSHOZA@dailysunsa pic.twitter.com/8CK0QXaijT  Bulldawgz Entertainment co-founder, Oscar Mlangeni, also took the stage to speak about Mshoza. Mshoza’s manager, Thanduxolo Jindela, spoke about his relationship with her. Mshoza's memorial service is underway at Bassline in Joburg.She passed away last Thursday from diabetes complications. Mapaputsi paying tributes.#RIPMSHOZA@dailysunsa pic.twitter.com/8CK0QXaijT  Mzura, who made Hlabalingene famous, also addressed the mourners. The three spoke about how they stood by her when people thought she was down and out. The service was filled with celebs such as Dumisani Dlamini, Mapaputsi, Alaska, DJ Bongz, Blondie Makhene and many others. Her old and current dancers are set to speak later on in the day.  Nomvula Mokonyane will represent the ANC. Sports, Arts, Culture and Recreation MEC Mbali Hlophe will also speak.