THERE has never been a dull moment between Mamelodi Sundowns and Cape Town City! The two sides have always produced electrifying clashes with goals galore. The same will be expected when the Citizens host Masandawana in their DStv Premiership clash at Cape Town Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Both sides go into the clash with four points each, and they are undefeated in their 2020-21 campaign. Sundowns joint coach, Rhulani Mokwena, is aware of the danger posed by the hosts and said they will need to tread carefully as they are still trying to find their feet. “Cape Town City have a clear profile, irrespective of whether they are playing home or away,” Mokwena said ahead of the clash. “We have to be very ready, be strategic in terms of nullifying a lot of the threats they possess. They’ve got a very good result in Maritzburg (winning 1-0 away). They will come into the match with more confidence.” Mokwena said they are impressed with the team’s performance since the beginning of the season and are seeing some improvements, even though they are yet to be at their best. He added: “The preparations have been going well. The good thing is that we had time on the pitch, time to work on a couple of routines. “This has given us time to induct, try to introduce some of the new players into our way of working, and it helped us facilitate a smoother process and synergy among ourselves. We are looking forward to the next encounter. “We are happy, step by step we’re showing a lot of improvement and a lot of progress. In relation to how we started against Bloemfontein Celtic, we’ve improved drastically against Kaizer Chiefs and then there was a lot of improvement against TTM, although the only thing that we needed to do was to convert the chances that we created. “We are still a work in progress. We’re still trying to orientate a lot of the new players in the squad and assist them to adapt to the Sundowns’ environment and way of doing things.” City midfielder Mduduzi Mdantsane is expected to be one of the key players, having scored two goals in their last two games.