IF there is one tournament that Banyana Banyana knows how to win, it’s the Council of Southern Africa Football Associations (Cosafa) Women’s Championship. Banyana have dominated their peers in the Southern African region in the past few years, and they are determined to sustain that again this year. They signalled their intentions with an easy 2-0 win over Angola in their Group A opener played at Wolfson Stadium in Nelson Mandela Bay on Tuesday. Banyana, who are chasing their fourth straight Cosafa Cup title, will next face Eswatini at the same venue today as they look to inch closer to a spot in the knockout stages. Banyana coach Desiree Ellis has picked a relatively young squad this year but they are still considered favourites, having won six of the last seven editions of this competition. Ellis was delighted with how her team played in their opener, especially the new faces. However, she believes there is plenty of room for improvement. “I thought we started slowly but as the game went on, I was impressed with the way we moved the ball around,” Ellis said. “We can rotate the ball a bit quicker and have a bit more movement off the ball. And obviously, we can be more clinical in our finishing. “I was happy for the new players who came in, Lonathemba (Mhlongo) scored on her debut, Karabo (Dhlamini) came in and scored her first goal for Banyana and Sibulele (Holweni) also had a solid game. Oratile (Mokwena) came in and created a few opportunities. “I was also pleased with how the senior players showed their quality. It was a good all-round performance.” Ellis wants her side to keep their foot on the accelerator in their next match against Eswatini, who are expected to pose a bigger threat than Angola. This after they came from behind to beat Comoros 4-2 in their opening match. “We will obviously analyse that game, put a plan into action and then it’s up to the players to execute,” added Ellis. “This will be another opportunity for players to raise their hand again. It’s also an opportunity for us to get maximum points, which will make it much easier going into the last game.”