MANDLA Ncikazi is ready to throw Gavin Hunt under the bus and increase his frustration at Kaizer Chiefs. The Golden Arrows coach will welcome a limping Chiefs at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm) for a clash to mark the return of football, post the Fifa international break. Arrows are razor sharp ready to slice Amakhosi’s head, having gone unbeaten in the three rounds of matches, and Chiefs will be there to turn the corner. In essence, Ncikazi will be looking to pile more misery on Hunt and his charges while picking up where they left off before the break. He has, however, warned against underestimating the danger that Amakhosi still pose despite going through a rough patch. “I see danger,” said Ncikazi. “This is a team that was leading with 13 points last season. It’s just a different coach. “They still have national team players such as Lebogang Manyama and Khama Billiat. “I don’t want us to believe that they are not strong. All I see is danger. “That is why we need to be careful. We will prepare for a very good team and will be cautious when we enter the field. “They are still a good team, regardless of what the results might say right now.” After enduring a difficult start to the season, Chiefs will be hoping that after the Fifa international break, will see a change in their fortunes. The Soweto giants have struggled in the early stages of the season, with results hard to come by for Hunt. The Glamour Boys are yet to score a single goal in the DStv Premiership in three outings, having only managed to find the back of the net through an own goal in their 1-0 win over Chippa United. They have been on the receiving end of some heavy defeats to two of their biggest rivals, Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates in the league and MTN8, respectively. Hunt, who joined Chiefs with a lot of expectations, has quickly realised that the task at hand will be a bit more difficult than he might have initially anticipated. The two-window transfer ban imposed on the club by world football governing body Fifa has not made things easy for the former Bidvest Wits mentor, who is now forced to work with what he has available to him. Nevertheless, Hunt has little choice but to put his head down and attempt to turn things around for the Glamour Boys, whose demanding supporters could start to lose faith.