IDOLS CONTESTANTS brought the heat at the live show on
Sunday. It was extra and the top 4 shut it down with their fierce
performances, backed by the Mzansi Gay Choir. First on stage was Zanothando who knocked it out of the park
with a brilliant re-imagining of Via Orlando by Vetkuk vs Mahoota featuring Dr.
Malinga and his second song was Caiphus Semenya's Angelina. #IdolsZanoThando delivers a true ??SHOWSTOPPER??completely lighting up the #IdolsSA stage and getting high praise for his raw, honest and POWERFUL vocals to @CaiphusSemenya's, 'Angelina'! Did you just get chills too? VOTE NOW!  Unathi said he stood out from the Gay choir and Somizi said
he was on fire. “I knew he was going to top it. You gave us the whole
package,” Somizi said Randel said the performance was a showstopper. Up next was, Mr. Music, with his first song Emlanjeni by
Mafikizolo. He also performed his second song by Mbongeni Ngema, Stimela
saseZola. "From the moment you came out, it was all over!" ??????#IdolsMrMusic gives us easily his most ELECTRIFYING performance yet with a spirited performance of Mbongeni Ngema's, ‘Stimela Sasa Zola’Does he get a standing ovation from you too? VOTE NOW! #IdolsSA  He got a standing ovation from Unathi and Somizi on both his
performances. Somizi said it was the best performance. “You mobbed the floor with them tonight," he said. Randel said from the moment he came out it was all over and
Unathi said he is going straight to the finale. Zama performed Thobela by Boomshaka and Sweet dreams by
Beyonce. Fierce, feminine and elegant! #IdolsZama's performance of @Beyonce's, 'Sweet Dream' really was the "Ultra" and the "mel" ??If she just gave you shivers, VOTE NOW because the lines are open. #IdolsSA  Randel said, he commands her for the performance. Unathi said the second performance reminded her of the old
Zama. “Every time you get on that stage, you fight girl,” Unathi
said Somizi said she owned her womanhood. Brandon’s first performance was emotional with a rendition
song by DJ Zinhle and Loyiso Gijana's, namely Indlovu. His second song was
Drake’s Toosie slide. PERFECTION ??! #IdolsBrandon continues his streak of pitch-perfect and emotional performances doing absolute justice to @DJZinhle and @LoyisoGijana's, ‘Indlovu’ for your VOTES!The lines are now open so do your thing. #IdolsSA  Unathi said he was flawless. Somizi said he is versatile. “Keep the eye on the price and the price is to be a superstar,”
said Somizi Randel said his second song sounded like his own. Ndoni bowed out of the competition after a fabulous run.