WEDNESDAY 25 November marked the start of 16 Days of Activism. Deputy president David Mabuza called on all South Africans to rally behind national efforts to empower and promote the rights of women and girls. Mabuza was officiating at an event at the Union Buildings in Tshwane to mark the beginning of 16 Days and the five days of mourning for those who have died from Covid-19.  Vosloorus and Spruitview Business Against Crime chairman Wiseman Langa (53) told Daily Sun they would march 572km to raise awareness. He said every day until 10 December, they would walk 36km. He said many women were quietly staying in abusive relationships. Motsamai Tsotetsi (53), who will also be taking part, said many women didn’t trust men and this needed to change. Mlungisi Sibiya (60) said: “We need to protect our women and children but they also don’t trust us. This is sad and needs to change.” Winile Mlambo of Powa said: “Women don’t feel safe in their homes but enough is enough.” Men and women dressed in black silently marched with placards reading “Enough with GBV”, “Break the Silence” and “No to Rapists”. Project manager Annah Nyambi (52) said: “We urge communities to be vocal.” Nyambi said the centre helped abuse victims and there was a big uptick during the lockdown. Esther Maphanga said: “It took me eight years to come out of my abusive relationship.” It took her years to build herself up again and get her confidence back.  Station commander Brigadier Vuysile Ncatha said: “Neighbours, don’t keep quiet until your neighbour is killed if you see they’re being abused.” Ludwe Nkomo of the Ilitha Labantu organisation said until residents worked with the police and community organisations, gender-based violence would never end. Ricardo Sedres from Gift of the Givers said women and men needed to speak out. “I was abused by my ex-wife. We were married for two years but I couldn’t stand being abused. I had to get out of that marriage and I believe other victims must also do that,” he said. Nyanga CPF member Ilitha Labantu said 16 Days of Activism needed to happen every day. “Every day, our women and children are getting raped,” he said. “We have been having these for years but nothing happens to abusers. We need to keep them in jail,” she said.