CHELSEA maintained their fine form as Federico Fernandez’s first half own goal and Tammy Abraham’s strike sealed a 2-0 win against Newcastle United at St James’ Park. Frank Lampard’s side are unbeaten in nine matches in all competitions and have not lost in their last six league games. With five clean sheets in their last six outings in all competitions, Chelsea’s third successive league victory was the perfect way to start a hectic period leading up to Christmas. The visitors’ pressure was rewarded in the 10th minute when Mason Mount whipped in a low cross and Fernandez turned it into his own net under pressure from Ben Chilwell. The Blues put the result beyond doubt in the 65th minute when Timo Werner accelerated away from the Newcastle defence and slipped a pass to Abraham, who guided his shot in off the post. “I won’t get excited about being top of the table for five minutes,” said Lampard. “It’s important to be humble and know it’s a long race.” Manchester United remain well off the pace in ninth, but did manage a first home win in the Premier League for seven games as Bruno Fernandes’s twice-taken penalty saw off lowly West Brom 1-0. United still have a long way to go to claw themselves back into title contention as they again flattered to deceive at Old Trafford despite picking up a long awaited win. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men got two slices of penalty fortune as West Brom were awarded a spot-kick first early in the second-half when Fernandes challenged Connor Gallagher. However, on review, referee David Coote overturned his original decision. Moments later, the Red Devils got a penalty for Darnell Furlong’s handball. Fernandes’s first effort was saved, but he got a second chance as Sam Johnstone had jumped off his line prior to the Portuguese international’s kick. Fernandes slammed home the second time but was still not happy after missing from the spot for the third time this season. “Ok, I scored the second one but I need to score the first one,” he said. Earlier, Aston Villa missed the chance to go top for a few hours as Brighton ended a run of seven games without a win with a 2-1 victory at Villa Park. Solly March scored the winner after Ezri Konsa cancelled out Danny Welbeck’s opener. – AFP