Hawks spokesperson Hangwani Mulaudzi has resigned, claiming "a lot
of people" wanted him out. He tendered his resignation letter on Monday, he confirmed. News24
understands that Mulaudzi cited personal reasons for his resignation. "I confirm that I resigned and want to thank everybody for the
support they have given members who are working very hard to deal with the
serious cases. I would like to wish the DPCI success in all the cases they're
dealing with," he said. Mulaudzi's resignation comes in the wake of him being implicated in a
scandal involving the National Lottery Commission. He has maintained his
innocence in that regard. "It is a smear campaign. A lot of people wanted me out because they
believed that I had connections with the old guard. It is not because of them
that I am leaving, but I have a family as well," he said. In October, News24 reported that Mulaudzi was facing a backlash after
his non-profit organisation (NPO) received a R3 million donation from the NLC
to establish a sports centre for the community of Mashamba in Limpopo. At the time, the DA's Mat Cuthbert questioned the funding to a senior
member of the Hawks, considering that the Department of Trade, Industry and
Competition (DTIC) had recently handed over evidence related to the Denzhe
Primary Care scandal to the Hawks for investigation. Police were probing four alleged corrupt projects involving the NLC,
which included Denzhe Primary Care, Zibsimazi, Life for Impact and I am Made
for God's Glory, News24 reported. "Without confirming or denying as to whether the section head of
communication and liaison is suspected to be involved in the allegations at
hand, the current investigations reported by the Department of Trade, Industry
and Competition is handled by the Serious Economic Offences under the
supervision of a Brigadier and a Major-General. "These senior managers conduct their investigation without fear or
favour. The members of the Hawks are aware of this principle,"
spokesperson Colonel Katlego Mogale said in a statement last month. Mogale added that the national head of the Hawks had not received any
complaint from the complainants in this regard. However, should the complainants feel the investigation was not
conducted properly, they were "at liberty to bring it to the attention of
the national head". "In case of a view that the DPCI is unduly influenced, the DPCI
Retired Judge is at their disposal. "The national head has, on the other hand, assigned another
Brigadier to conduct enquiries on internal level and to report to the national
head. Such inquiry is intended to ensure that nothing is left unattended,"
Mogale concluded. Mulaudzi told IOL that he did not influence any investigations at the
Hawks, and that he merely communicated information given to him. SOURCE: NEWS24