 GAUTENG shoppers will be joining the rest of the world in the shopping frenzy this Black Friday, but can we do it responsibly! This year has been misleading, and it feels as if the calendar has skipped a few months. Some say we had January, February, March, then skipped to November and December. And this month comes with a bang as shoppers wake up to this big shopping phenomenon called Black Friday. This one-day shopping event has the potential to set you up for failure, if you don’t plan your shopping activities carefully. Now, if you check carefully, Black Friday specials are not a one-day phenomenon. Some retailers have extended their specials to a whole month of deals. The widely known shopping bonanza is not merely a three- or five-day event as creditors ensure coronavirus precautions are in place.Shoppers are encouraged to be smart and careful and avoid accumulating unnecessary debt. Carla Oberholzer, a debt adviser at DebtSafe, shared a few tips to keep in mind this Black Friday, so that you don’t end up in debt., Do your research and make sure your budget will allow what you want to buy. AND that the item is not what you want but truly what you truly need. Don’t buy things you don’t need. , Since you will do your research beforehand, there’s no need to visit various stores, such as malls or outlets, to trick you into buying more than what you can afford. Those once-in-a-lifetime deals, such as tech gadgets or bakery goods at the entrance of the shop are not a coincidence. warned that last year, many retailers showed disappointing sales during the festive season due to Black Friday and Cyber Monday being a huge success beforehand. “My professional opinion and guess would be that this year will be no different. “Even if we had a raw 2020 deal because of the unexpected Covid-19 pandemic period and national lockdown regulations,” she said. Oberholzer also highlights that you have to take caution when you decide to take part in these extended shopping hypes, as your financial situation can deteriorate and cause a debt-filled future hysteria. Retailers are smart, thus, you have to outsmart them and stick to your budget and put your debt under control. Buy only what you need, get out, and stay out of the shops., Don’t be conformed to debt-filled consumer culture.DebtSafe’s 2020 research shows that almost 75% of shoppers indicated that the Corona pandemic and lockdown period caused severe harm to their financial situations already. If you can also identify and have had the same experience as these individuals’ financial reality, Why would you want to partake in extended shopping events near the end of this horrific year just to add more debt to your pile?, If you have no strategy or budget in place to take part in this bonanza, why do it to yourself (and your pocket)?the best advice would be – rather stay away. A minimalistic lifestyle is far better than a cluttered, full-of-stuff one. And, the best gift you can give to others (perhaps for Christmas) is time, not an expensive, you-can’t-really-afford-it present., If you are in way too much debt already, why not fix it in a sustainable manner while you can?No amount of shopping trips or therapy can make your situation any better. Remember: regulated professionals, like debt counsellors, for example, are a phone call or e-mail away from a newly improved financial lifestyle.