THE suspense is over! Netflix has finally released the trailer for their much anticipated series, Kings of Joburg. The six-part series, which will come to Netflix on Friday, 4 December, tells a story of legacy building, fragmented family structures, treacherous brotherhoods and the effects of crime and African masculinities on families and society at large. Actor Shona Ferguson, who is also the executive producer of the show, takes on the lead role of Simon “Vader” Masire, a member of the KOJ brotherhood and the eldest of the Masire siblings. Simon is the smooth and charming brother, as well as a prolific businessman, who leads the family business. However, under the lavish suits and ties, is a man hiding a deep, dark secret. Zolisa Xaluva plays the role of Mogomotsi “Mo” Masire, Simon’s younger brother and an ex-convict, who finds himself having to choose between the life that got him in jail, and honouring his responsibilities to the legacy of a crime family and an older brother he loves. ALSO READ |FEATHERS BIG WINNERS Joining the star-studded cast is TK Sebothoma as the spoilt and privileged Tlotlo Masire, Buhle Samuels as the gorgeous and supportive wife to Simon, Angela Masire, and Tsholofelo Matshaba as the straight-talking detective who’s obsessed with bringing down the Kings of Joburg. Executive producer Shona Ferguson explained the series to Daily Sun. “When I created Kings of Joburg, I wanted to root the show in elements of love, family, conflict and power. The premise of the series is centred on the question, ‘Am I my brother’s keeper?’ and this narrative is explored in all six episodes.” He said the story is inspired by his upbringing. “The mystical and thriller side of the story is inspired by the folk tales that I grew up learning about from my late father, Peter Harry Ferguson. “These stories kept me up at night and gave me nightmares, but I had to bring them to life in a tale of human conflict. Shona said audiences will be met by a lot of surprises. “Audiences will be surprised to learn that despite the darkness of this story, Kings of Joburg paints a beautiful picture of the city of Joburg. “I am also grateful to have worked with such an amazing cast and crew who gave it their all and helped bring my vision to life.” #KingsOfJoburg starring @ferguson_films @connie_ferguson, @zolisaxaluva, @official_jubjub, @thembiseete_, @abdul_khoza, @skcoza, @terrijvaughn, @cindy_thando, @tsholo_matshaba_ @subz_themoviewriter arrives 4 December ?????? A post shared by  Netflix South Africa (@netflixsa) on Nov 11, 2020 at 2:28am PST 