NEWLY-ELECTED DA leader John Steenhuisen promises to hand state power to the people with what he calls a reinvigorated party that people can trust. Steenhuisen was announced as the new party leader earlier today after beating former youth leader and KZN MPL, Mbali Ntuli with a landslide of 80% of votes. Meanwhile, his ally Helen Zille won 69% of the votes to stay chairwoman of the federal council in what has been seen by many as a win for the party’s right faction. Former party spokeswoman Refiloe Nt’seke was elected first deputy chairwoman, while Ivan Meyer kept his position as second deputy chairman. Ntuli, who Steenhuisen said gave him a run for his money, accepted defeat graciously. “Thank you to the many leaders from all political parties who fought, were jailed and died to give my generation the hope and ability to even dare to dream of leading our entire country. We stand on your shoulders. I am honoured to have had the opportunity,” she tweeted after the announcement. In his acceptance speech, Steenhuisen promised to take the DA to new heights. He said the majority of South Africans were good people who just wanted to earn a decent living. “From the Uber driver in Soweto, to the nurse in Mthatha and the farmer in Vredendal, the people yearn for a government that provides good schools, clean drinking water, a sustainable safety net for the vulnerable and a reliable electricity supply, so they can pursue their own dreams in life,” he said. Steenhuisen admitted the party made mistakes in the recent past by taking populist short cuts and not offering clear solutions. “There have been times when the DA failed to be a dependable ally in the people’s fight for power. For a while, we lost sight of who we were and what we offer: clear, principled and decisive leadership. “Fortunately, mistakes don’t have to be fatal – provided you learn from them,” said Steenhuisen. “Under my leadership, the DA will never again turn our back on our core principles. “We’re a liberal party committed to non-racialism, a market economy and a capable state that empowers citizens and cares for the vulnerable.”