Self-proclaimed Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife, Mary, have announced that they have left South Africa, despite their bail condition that prohibits them to leave Gauteng or the country. The Bushiris, who were released on R200 000 bail a week ago after spending two weeks behind bars for fraud and money laundering, said in a statement that they had gone to their home country due to security reasons. Bushiri said they were temporarily in their home country, Malawi, because of safety and security issues. He said: “There have been clear and evident attempts to have myself, my wife and my family killed and despite our several attempts to report to authorities, there has never been state protection.” He said going to Malawi was a tactical withdrawal from South Africa solely meant to preserve their lives. Bushiri said these attempts have been heightened with recent spates of arrests and detentions that they felt the only way for them to clear their names before the law was to ensure that their lives were preserved. “My wife and I strongly believe in our innocence, but this cannot be proved if our lives are not preserved. We have to be alive to testify to our innocence,” he said. According to the self-proclaimed prophet all they want is to clear their names in a justice system that is fair, impartial and just. He, among other things, called for the South African authorities to ensure their safety while they are in South Africa. “Secondly, I want the South African government to assure us that our bail will not be revoked. Our right to fair trial entails that we have access to our lawyers all the time.” He also called for the officers involved in investigating, arresting and prosecuting them to recuse themselves. “I’m requesting Malawi government to liaise with the South African government to ensure that the above issues are met,” he said. Bushiri’s spokesman Ephraim Nyondo confirmed they left the country on Wednesday.The bail conditions stipulate that they must report to their nearest police station every Monday and Friday between 06:00 and 18:00 until the case is finalised.