BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis welcomes the selection headache that awaits her in the future. This comes after the inexperienced and relatively young group of players she picked for the Cosafa Women’s Championship this year grabbed their opportunity with both hands. Ellis’ charges beat Botswana 2-1 in the final of the competition to clinch their fourth straight title. Banyana have won seven of the last eight editions of the competition as they continue to dominate the Southern African region. “You always want to have that selection headache,” said Ellis, who gave every single player in her squad a chance to play during the tournament. “There is a lot of competition in a lot of places now and it will raise the level of the team because the players will push each other. “This has been fantastic and a lot of players have raised their game.” The standout players for Banyana were Tshwane University of Pretoria star Hildah Magaia, Nonhlanhla Mthandi, and University of Western Cape youngster Sibulele Holweni. The speedy Magaia was named Player of the tournament, while 19-year-old Holweni finished as the tournament’s top goalscorer with eight goals. Ellis was full of praise for her star performers. “Hildah (Magaia) was fantastic throughout the tournament and Sibulele (Holweni) was the top scorer, so those players are putting a lot of pressure on the other players playing abroad and that makes us an even better national team,” added Ellis. “You never know who is watching. I always tell players to be the best they can be and walk off the pitch with no regrets. You never know who is watching. “When you look at the players who are (playing) abroad as we speak, they all started here. Nine players who were playing in this competition last year are currently playing abroad, so this is the big opportunity. I won’t be surprised if more players from this squad also get calls.” Ellis said the victory against Botswana, who ended their Tokyo Olympic Games dream, did not feel like sweet revenge. “I’m super excited. It’s never about revenge. This was a different game, different group and different situation,” insisted Ellis. “We challenged the group. Many of them have never been in this position and for them to win the competition makes me super happy