South Africa will be out to prove a point when they host Sao Tome and Principe in back-to-back 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers this month, the first of which will take place at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban on Friday evening. Kick-off is at 9pm CAT. Bafana Bafana head into the match three points behind Group C leaders Ghana after two rounds of fixtures. South Africa bounced back from a 2-0 loss away to the Black Stars with a 1- win over Sudan at Orlando Stadium in their most recent qualifier 12 months ago. The hosts have been rocked by injuries in build-up to the clash with Andile Jali, Thulani Serero, Thibang Phete and Reeve Frosler all pulling out of the qualifiers while Cape Town City duo Thamsanqa Mkhize and Abbubaker Mobara tested positive for Covid-19 and are currently in isolation. Mosa Lebusa, Vincent Pule, Thapelo Morena, Tshepo Rikhotso and Thabo Nodada have since been roped in as replacements. Bafana Bafana winger Keagan Dolly has set high standards for this month's qualifiers but admits preparations for upcoming matches against the island nation have not been ideal. "We really want to win both games‚ especially because we are playing here at home. For the new players it's been a bit tough‚ because we lost a few players and had to call in some new players‚" said Dolly. "But it's part of football‚ and we just need to focus on what we're good at‚ and what we know the coach wants from us. And we first focus on Friday's game‚ and then we'll look at Monday's game." Bafana Bafana will be eager to improve on disappointing results at home to Namibia and Zambia in international friendlies last month and head coach Molefi Ntseki is well aware of what is expected from his team heading into back-to-back matches at home to a nation ranked 182nd in the world. "It is a responsibility that we are fully aware of that South Africans are very impatient when it comes to Bafana Bafana because it is the pride of the nation," said Ntseki. "It is what unites the nation. “The six points are very critical and everybody is aware of that. We are not the only ones who are under pressure. The media, the president of the country and the president of Safa, we are all looking forward to getting six points. “We know if we don’t get the six points [against Sao Tome], we would have disappointed everybody in the country." Sao Tome, who have agreed to play both matches in South Africa due to Covid-19 travel restrictions, followed a 4-0 loss away to Sudan with a 1-0 defeat at home to Ghana in their two qualifying matches last year. The reverse fixture will take place at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth on Monday. SuperSport