TWO women were arrested in Limpopo on Saturday, 14 November, for allegedly killing their lovers in two separate incidents. A 34-year-old girlfriend from Lulekani kasi outside Phalaborwa was bust for allegedly stabbing her boyfriend to death. Lawrence Mathebula (45) was found by his neighbours stabbed on the neck and lying in a pool of blood in his room. He was taken to a hospital and later succumbed to the injuries. His uncle Bennett Mambane (52) said they’re shocked that the suspect in this matter is his girlfriend. “We’re really shocked because this is a person who isn’t violent at all and very disciplined at all times. He was staying in Phalaborwa and we are far away from him in Justicia Village, Bushbuckridge and don’t have enough information about what happened. “We went to his room where the incident happened but the scene was cleaned. We are relieved that his girlfriend is arrested to tell the tale,” he said. Limpopo police spokesman Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said the information they have indicates that the couple allegedly had an altercation on Friday night at about 11pm which led to violence and in the process, the dead man sustained multiple injuries before the suspect fled the scene. “The cause and motive behind this incident is not clear at this stage, but domestic violence may not be ruled out. The suspect will appear in the Lulekani Magistrates Court facing a murder charge on Monday, 16 November, while our investigations are continuing,” Ngoepe said. In another incident, a 49-year-old woman from Marironi Village in Bolobedu, Limpopo has been arrested for allegedly killing her Ben 10 lover, who is a foreigner. It’s alleged that the woman arrived home and started accusing her lover of being unfaithful. Ngoepe confirmed that during a heated argument that turned violent, the suspect choked a foreign man to death with a sharp object. Limpopo police commissioner Lieutenant-General Nneke Ledwaba has condemned this incidents. “Members of the community, especially the leaders and churches, are urged to assist couples who are having domestic related problems. Couples are also urged to seek professional assistance in order to prevent these type of incidents,” Ledwaba said. The suspect will appear in the Tzaneen Magistrates Court on a charge of murder on Monday, 16 November.