ON THURSDAY, 12 November at about 9.50pm, a Zibonele FM vehicle was hijacked at gunpoint by four suspects in Samora Machel, Cape Town. News reader Lusindiso Mayambela told Daily Sun that the station’s vehicle went to Samora to drop him off. “Everything happened so fast. I just got off when I saw a white Avanza stopping behind the company car,” said Mayambela. According to him, four men came out and he started running. “All of them had guns that they started pointing in our vehicle. That’s when I ran as fast as I could, leaving my driver behind,” said Mayambela. The situation has left them traumatised but grateful for their lives. “The police minister needs to do something about this. People are dying every day but the national government is doing nothing about it. We are living in fear because we don’t know whether we might be the next victim because our communities are not safe,” said Mayambela. News editor Xolisa Sindaphi said in a period of two years they have been robbed of three vehicles and one was torched in a violent protest in Marikana. “This has instilled fear in our media staff to an extent that we are not sure whether we are being targeted because of the nature of our jobs,” said Sindaphi. He said the vehicle was transporting one of their news readers and the driver was left traumatised and stranded on the streets. “As a community radio station that strives to uplift the community with limited resources, we are concerned about the safety of our staff. Incidents like these are hindering our service of keeping the community informed during these times of uncertainty,” said Sindaphi. He said they are committed to serving communities with all they have and wish to sincerely urge the public to assist in the realisation of their strategic objectives by protecting this community asset. “We call upon anyone who may have seen or heard about the Zibonele FM-branded Toyota Avanza, reg: CA 764-701, to urgently contact the nearest police station or Zibonele FM offices on 021 361 7109.” Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said a case of hijacking was opened for investigation. “According to the information, the incident occurred at Oliver Tambo Drive, Samora Machel,” said Rwexana. The circumstances surrounding this incident are under investigation with no arrests made yet.