TWO men died and another was injured when a gun-crazy security guard shot them at Kwamhlanga Crossroads on Wednesday, 25 November. The guard allegedly did not take a heated argument he had at the shopping complex with another man kindly and organised back-up. They followed the man who left the complex and upon finding him, the guard shot him point-blank in the head. The SunTeam found Mbuso Masombuka (34) was involved in the argument with the guard, who allegedly accused him of helping people to jump the post office queue and ordered him out of the shopping complex. When Mbuso left, the guard, still full of rage, allegedly organised back- up and shot him. Mbuso’s aunt Julia Ndubane (58) from Mandela Village near Kwamhlanga said the guards found Mbuso with his friends and the one he argued with took out a gun and shot him in the head, blowing his brains out. Julia still couldn’t believe her nephew was shot dead in cold blood. “My youngest son came running to tell me Mbuso has been shot. I found him lying in a pool of blood. His brains were scattered all over. I held him, trying to cover his brain. He was still alive and people had already called an ambulance. When it eventually arrived, it took him to hospital where he died. “Looking at his condition I knew he was not going to make it. My body is still shaking from what I saw.” Father Geelbooi Masombuka (65) said part of him was broken. “He was my hero and I am still reeling in shock. I don’t know why my son was killed like a dog. Whatever crime he committed does not justify him to be killed. I want justice for my son’s death. The guard robbed me of my son who had no problem with anyone.” The family of the guard’s other shooting victim Dlozi Sindani (42) said they were struggling to come to terms with his death and wanted justice. Dlozi was waiting for a bus when a bullet hit him and he died instantly. His aunt Pheli Sikhosana (48) said: “He went to work in the morning and we were all waiting for his return as usual. When we received a call that he had been shot, we thought it happened at work. The sad part is he was coming back home from work. He was waiting for the bus. “We were told there was a scuffle between guards and nyaope addicts. One guard allegedly shot in the air twice before accidentally shooting my nephew. He died for nothing because he wasn’t even involved. It would have been better if he died because of illness. We want justice to prevail,” she said. Another man believed to be an addict apparently was shot in the leg by the same guard and was sent to hospital, where he was discharged the next day. The two back-up guards were apparently watching. Colonel Donald Mdluli said three suspects were arrested. “Police are investigating two counts of murder and three counts of attempted murder. The suspects will appear in Kwamhlanga Magistrates Court on Monday, 30 November.”