THE road to SA idols season 16 is getting closer and closer! Tonight’s episode saw the top five announced and they added a bit more fire to their performances, in hope of having a chance to perform yet another day. The show started on a sad note when Ntokozo was eliminated. Ndoni, Mr Music, Zama, Brandon and ZanoThando will now need
to ensure they woo their fans to gain those extra votes. For Idols first performance, they showed the wooden mic
contenders and the rest of Mzansi how it should be performed by bringing back
to life songs that had suffered horrible deaths during the audition rounds. In the second half of the show, they sang Mzansi’s most ‘shamed’
hits. Ndoni opened the evening with Berita’s ‘Ndiceli ikiss’ before returning later to perform ‘Senzeni’ by DJ Manzo SA. Randall Abrahams said she was sufficiently unique to always
have a fighting chance in the competition. Unathi Nkayi also said she had been phenomenal. Somizi
Mhlongo-Motaung was ecstatic, saying she had killed her first song and he had
loved her second performance. “You were super amazing,” Somizi said. Mr Music was next with Ringo Madlingozi’s ‘Ndiyagodola’
before singing Sbahle’s ‘Emlanjeni’ in the second half of the show. Unathi said his second performance was much better than his first
only because the second song had been more believable. Somizi agreed with her saying Mr Music now needed to show
his emotions minus the dancing. However, he still enjoyed his performances,
saying “so far, so good.” Randall asked him to now select a more inward-look and
reflective song to woo voters beyond his fans. Zama, who had been shaky in the past couple of weeks and had the
judges pleading with her to believe she had everything to win the competition. “You have the voice, you have the looks …own it,” Somizi
said. Somizi begged her to build her confidence and stage
presence. Somizi had been impressed with her rendition of Alicia
Keys ‘A Woman’s Worth’ and her performance of Cici’s ‘Hamba Naye’. “It was beautiful, I loved it,” he said, while Randall
echoed his sentiments, but adding she could be more emotive. Unathi too was impressed, declaring she was back in the
competition. Brandon was next, first with ‘7 Years’ by Lukas Graham and
later with ‘Your Love’ by Azana. The judges were emphatic that it his was the best
performances of the night, with Randall remarking that he has been quietly
moving up the ranks with little fanfare but brilliant performances. Randall commented that Brandon’s first song had suited him
but the phrasing could have been better. “The second performance, however, was the performance of the
night,” Randall said. Unathi called him dynamic, saying he had the mark of a true
winner, while Somizi declared he had been his favourite in the first round and
the second round, while the second round was also amazing. ZanoThando was the last to perform,  he started his performance with a song by Bill
Withers’ titled ‘Lean on Me’ and later ‘Bella Ciao’ by Nicole Elocin and Tyler ICU. None of the judges were impressed by his first performance,
all remarking he had been off-key. However, Unathi said he had the best stage presence of all
the contestants, adding that he was a formidable performer. Randall said his second performance suited him better
because it allowed him to dance and perform, with Somizi agreeing with him.