THEY WERE just three young boys doing what young boys do. They couldn’t resist playing in the water in a stormwater ditch. BUT THE GAME IN THE DARK, DIRTY WATER HAS COST THEM THEIR LIVES! The boys died near the offices of the traffic department in Temba in Hammanskraal, Tshwane, on Saturday, 21 November. Emergency services spokesman Charles Mabaso said personnel arrived just after 5pm. Tshepo Machete (10), Kutlwano Mkhwanazi (9), Samuel Maphosa (10), all from Hammanskraal, were declared dead at the scene. Mabaso said the bodies were recovered by bystanders from the trench, where water had collected during heavy rains on Friday and Saturday. “The City of Tshwane offers its condolences to the bereaved families and all affected by the untimely passing of the young boys,” he said. Tshepo’s mum Joyce (51) said her son left home with a friend she didn’t know.  He’d tell her where he was going to play, but didn’t on the day of the tragedy. She said two boys came rushing to her house and told her that her son had drowned. “I rushed to the scene. When I got there I found my son lying there. “He looked as if he was sleeping,” she said.  Joyce said when she asked what had happened, she was told her son had been swimming in the trench with friends. A passerby had told her he saw them at about 4pm swimming in the ditch and chased them away. “He told me they came back at about 5pm to continue swimming. “Three of them drowned and two managed to drag themselves out of the water,” she said. MMC for roads and transport, Dikeledi Selowa, said community members told her the storm blew the barricades around the ditch into the water. The kids were apparently using them to float in the water while playing in the trench. She said she met on Saturday night with the regional executive director, senior officials in the roads and transport department, the site manager and the contractor. “Tshwane Metro cops have been tasked with patrolling the area and securing the site,” she said. She said city officials will visit the families. “The death of young boys is a tragedy beyond measure. “It’s a devastating loss to the families, the community of Hammanskraal and the whole of Tshwane,” she said. Johanna Maphosa, Samuel’s aunt, said the city was negligent. “Had the trench been closed the children would’ve been alive,” she said. “Our councillor and the municipality have failed us. “Because of their carelessness we lost our kids.”