CHIPPA United winger Thabiso Lebitso says their mission is to ensure that the Chilli Boys avoid being involved in the relegation battle again. The 24-year-old told SunSport that finishing the season within the top eight in the DStv Premiership is a realistic target. Lebitso played an influential role to help the Port Elizabeth side register their first league win of the season when they thrashed Maritzburg United 3-1 last week prior to the Fifa calendar break. He missed their 1-1 draw with Cape Town City in their opening league match and a 1-0 loss to Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs due to injury. Lebitso played all the games in the bio-bubble in the past season to help Chippa finish in 11th position, having joined the club from SAB League side TUT. Said Lebitso: “Chippa have been involved in relegation for many years and it’s not a good feeling. I want us to win matches early in the season to avoid being in such position again. “I want to put the club in the top eight, but I can’t do it alone without the help of my teammates. It will be a great contribution if we achieve that goal.” The Vaal-born player said that he had pressure prior to their clash with Maritzburg. “I was away (injured) for two games and coming from the stands into the starting 11 is pressure because the coach expects something different compared to other players. Before the game, management posted on our social media that I am back, I felt pressure cause it seems like I am a good influencer in the team. Mentally I was ready, even though it has been a while since I played competitive match.” Lebitso said that having experienced players such as Bienvenu Eva Nga and Augustine Kwem has made his job easier. “Eva Nga and Kwem have been in the top flight and they know how to deal with pressure,” he said. “They played together for the first time against Maritzburg and both hold the ball well. We had more advantage, which we lacked in our past game. They created the two penalties and that’s what we need to succeed. They groom us and show us what to do on and off the ball.” Lebitso says the two-week Fifa calendar break will give them a chance to work on other aspects of their game prior to their league clash with Stellenbosch at Danie Craven Stadium on 21 November. “The break is two way, we thought we will keep momentum by playing but we don’t have control over the situation. We knew we will have it, so it will help us fix what we didn’t do right in the games we played so that we can be ready for Stellenbosch.”