NEW Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) striker Rhulani Manzini is a doubtful starter for their DStv Premiership clash against Swallows at Thohoyandou Stadium tonight (7.30pm). The 32-year-old former AmaZulu player signed for Tshakhuma on Monday after he has been training with the Venda- based side for two weeks. Manzini joined TTM from Malaysian side Kelantan FA. But Tshakhuma are still waiting to get the Bushbuckridge-born player’s clearance from Kelantan. “Manzini has impressed us at training and we believe his experience will help the team a lot,” said coach Joel Masutha. “We have put him in the squad for the game against Swallows, but we are not sure if we will get his clearance on time. “The management are working hard to try and get it. He will give defenders a lot of problems.” Manzini is a well-travelled player who has played for Jomo Cosmos, Witbank Spurs, Platinum Stars and Chippa United. Despite Manzini being doubtful for this showdown against their fellow top flight rookies, the former Black Leopards and Chippa United coach said his squad is ready for this battle. “The team is looking good and everyone is fighting to play,” said Masutha. “The fighting spirit the team is showing at training is amazing.” Masutha and his lads know it won’t be an easy game as the Birds come into this clash unbeaten in their opening two league matches. The Soweto club started the season with a 1-1 draw against Stellenbosch, followed by a 1-0 victory over Bloemfontein Celtic. TTM are also unbeaten after drawing both opening league matches. They drew 1-1 draw with TS Galaxy and displayed fine form when they held defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns 0-0. Masutha will be putting his trust on the likes of Alfred Ndengane, Justin Shonga, Lehlohonolo Nonyane, Meshack Maphangule and their on-form Botswana international, Mokgakolodi Ngele. The Dube Birds will rely on experienced players such as Virgil Vries, Vuyo Mere, Thabo Matlaba, Keegan Ritchie and Lebogang Mokoena. “It’s going to be an interesting game but also difficult one,” said Matlaba. “Tshakhuma are a good team. They showed that in their two games. But we have prepared well. “Our aim is to fight for three points and continue with our winning form.”