BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis insists that they will be taking the final Cosafa Women’s Championship group match against Comoros seriously, despite having already qualified for the next round of the competition. Banyana, who are the defending champions having won the competition three times in a row, are looking to make it a fourth in as many years. And their clash against Comoros, which will be played at Wolfson Stadium in Port Elizabeth this afternoon (3.30pm), will bring back some happy memories for Ellis’ charges. They thumped the Islanders 17-0 the last time they met in the same competition last season, breaking a long-standing record in the process as they beat their previous best scoreline of 15-0 against Zimbabwe 17 years prior. Nevertheless, Ellis said her side will still respect their opponents and look to make it nine points from three games in the group stages. “We are in the semi-finals but we will treat the game against Comoros with the same respect as we have treated the other games,” said Ellis. “We are not getting too ahead of ourselves, even though we are practically in the semi-finals. “We are still staying focused on the other games while keeping an eye on the other opponents. “But we have to prepare for one game at a time and once that is out of the way, we will turn our attention to the next one. If you get too far ahead of yourself, sometimes you lose focus.” Ellis has been pleased with the performances her side have produced so far in the competition. However, she believes there’s still plenty of room for improvement. Banyana have scored seven goals and are yet to concede. Ellis has confirmed that she will give some of the players who are yet to feature in the competition some much needed game time. “We have said that we would allow every player to play in this tournament and that will happen,” added Ellis. “I think we have done well so far, but there are some areas we can improve on. “For instance, our rotation of the ball needs to be much quicker. Off the ball movement needs to be better and then obviously we need to improve on putting the ball in the back of the net more regularly, but that will come with time.” Ellis will pin her hopes on winger Koketso Tlailane to upset Comoros.