FADLU Davids is bracing himself for a brief spell in the Orlando Pirates hot-seat, starting with a DStv Premiership fixture tonight at 7.30pm. Fresh from their emphatic 3-0 victory over Kaizer Chiefs in the first leg of the MTN8 semi-finals, the Buccaneers head to the City of Roses for a league encounter with Bloemfontein Celtic at Dr Molemela Stadium. The assistant coach suddenly finds himself in the spotlight, forced into the hot-seat by the absence of head coach Josef Zinnbauer, who is on leave. Zinnbauer is currently back home in Germany attending to his son, who is in coma after having been involved in a car and truck accident, and won’t be back in time for tonight’s match. The German left in a rush after celebrating the MTN8 Soweto derby win on Saturday, and more of the same will be expected against Celtic. This leaves his lieutenant, Davids, to hold the fort. Davids has proven himself with a Premiership team, having led Maritzburg United to a cup final and a top-five league finish, before joining Bucs nearly two years now. But Pirates are still stuck in the starting blocks, winless in two Premiership matches. They haven’t lost either, but they have picked only two points from draws and have scored only two goals. They blew Amakhosi away with a scoreline that left Zinnbauer praising Thabang Monare, who had a dream debut for Bucs. “It feels good to be off the mark for my new club but more importantly, it’s great to get the win,” said Monare. “I haven’t played competitive football in a while, so obviously my match fitness for the competitive games is not where I want it but it’s getting there. “We are happy with the result on Saturday and I want to give credit to my teammates for making my debut a dream start. But we know the tie isn’t over yet, which is why we are not going to get ahead of ourselves.” Monare could feature against Celtic, though the team rotation suggests he could make way for Fortune Makaringe. “The games are coming thick and fast and we have already shifted our minds to the next match against Celtic on Wednesday (today),” Monare added.