MOSHE Ndiki and Phelo Bala are living their fairytale happy ending. The popular couple got married in secret last October and are now in Cape Town celebrating their one-year wedding anniversary. They recently took to Instagram to share snaps of their vacation as well as gifts they bought for each other. Moshe has gifted Phelo with a “man bag” that has his name engraved on it from Luxe Homme, as well as a key holder that has their faces on it, written “happy anniversary”. In an interview with Daily Sun, Moshe, who was rumoured to have broken up with Phelo earlier this year, poured cold water on the claims. “Phelo and I are together. We were never separated and we have never confirmed that. We have never come forth to say this because it was no one’s business,” he said. ALSO READ | JOOMA SMILES FOR IDOLS He further denied the allegations that he was abusive towards the Angisafuni singer. “I’ve never physically abused my partner and both of us never confirmed it or gave a statement about this,” he said. Moshe, who is going to be a first-time dad through surrogacy, shared with Daily Sun that he’s excited about fatherhood. “I’m very excited about becoming a father with Phelo and there is no one better I can do this with because he is my husband,” he said. He further confirmed that they have been married in secret for a year now. “Many people think that me and Phelo are just engaged. No, we got married on 31 October last year and we’re celebrating our one year anniversary this year,” he said. A spoil for the Husby, Happy Anniversary @phelobala ♥?♥? YOU GUYS ALWAYS GET IT RIGHT @luxehommesa PLEASE DO GIVE THEM A FOLLOW AND ORDER WHILST YOURE AT IT! A post shared by  Moshe Nkumanda-Ndiki (@moshendiki) on Nov 4, 2020 at 9:14am PST  BaeCae ♥? A post shared by  Moshe Nkumanda-Ndiki (@moshendiki) on Nov 4, 2020 at 4:53am PST  Anniversary Celebrations still continue...off to Breakfast then Helicopter Ride..then sunset boat cruise...??♥? @phelobala awusoyiki ?????????? A post shared by  Moshe Nkumanda-Ndiki (@moshendiki) on Nov 5, 2020 at 1:12am PST