MUSIC legend Mercy Pakela has opened up about an intended incident at a party where her rival and colleague hatched a plan to have her gang-raped. But luckily, former reporter Sandile Memela overheard it and took her away. On Monday, Mercy reflected on the incident 31 years ago. She wrote: “Sandile Memela, the day you saved my life, when one of my fellow musicians was sending boys to attack. It was at a party, if I’m not mistaken it was @ Colored Pasmo on a farm. You called me on the side and told me to leave the place immediately, someone was planning a gang rape for me. You even took me to my car and acted as if you were interviewing me. I thank you while you are still alive.” Sandile responded, saying he clearly remembered it. In a short poem, My Sister’s Keeper he said: “If I can stop one man from breaking yet another woman’s heart tearing her lower lips bloody semen on thighs searing her soul for life; If I can have one mother feeling relieved that her daughter is home and safe; One sister safe and protected by my word and deed; And a daughter or sister walking or driving in the dark without fear of violence Then I will not have done enough until ALL men do the same.” ALSO READ | MSHOZA FUNERAL DETAILS He also said: “I am deeply humbled. You reminded and thanked me for this incident over the years. I have vivid memories of the incident. Stay safe and be blessed my sister. You are a star. Keep shining.”  Mercy told Daily Sun: “I’ve never been able to talk about this incident until yesterday. It left me traumatised and shaken. Had he not overheard the plan, I would have been attacked and gang-raped. The worst part is a female artist I trusted was behind the plan. I knew we were competing hard in the industry, but I never thought she’d actually plan for me to be raped.” She would not reveal the woman’s name. “The intention of my post was to thank Sandile for saving my life. I wanted him to know I acknowledge and appreciate what he did. I don’t want to thank him when he’s dead. For that reason I cannot disclose the name of the perpetrator. All I can say is she was just as popular and she passed on.” Mercy said: “The entertainment industry is not as clean as it’s supposed to be. It is quite common to have artists fighting dirty, attacking each other and trying to remove each other just to get a prominent spot. I feel that has to change.” 