MPUMALANGA Education MEC Bonakele Majuba has expressed shock and sadness after two pupils were stabbed and a security guard killed in separate incidents. Education spokesman Jasper Zwane said the first incident happened in Doornkop outside Middelburg. It’s alleged that two pupils from Mkhulu Secondary School were stabbed by a gang of marauding boys at a scholar transport bus pick-up point after school. Zwane said it’s been established that the gang is not from the school. “These two pupils were severely injured and have been admitted to hospital to receive treatment,” he said. Meanwhile in the second incident, a security officer working at Skhila High School in Lydenburg was found dead. Zwane said the incident occurred early yesterday. “His lifeless body was found in the school vegetable garden with his hands tied to his back with a wire. A knife was also found next to the victim. It seems he was also physically assaulted. “The school fence, windows and the main door were damaged. School equipment, including computers, cellphones and tablets were stolen. The school principal is to compile a full and detailed list of the stolen goods with an estimated monetary value,” he said. Majuba condemned both incidents. He asked members of the public with information that can assist in the arrest of the perpetrators to come forward. “We wish to condemn these acts of brutality and murder in the strongest term possible. The department will monitor the situation closely and will send a team of officials to the school to establish more facts and render required support to those affected,” he said. This is not the first time a security guard was murdered while on duty at a school. Earlier this year, unknown people shot and killed a security officer in a Kabokweni school and stole valuable equipment. Mpumalanga police spokesman Colonel Donald Mdluli confirmed that two pupils were stabbed and are receiving medical care. “We’re investigating cases of attempted murder and murder. No one has been arrested in both incidents. Anyone with information should contact the police,” he said.