SUNDAYS will never be the same again as we are launching Daily Sun’s new Umjolo and Sex Podcast this weekend. The much-anticipated edutainment podcast will be hosted by Mlungisi Mpela and Gomie Seabi Mogomane, as well as sex expert Anele Siswana. Mlungisi said the idea of the podcast came after Daily Sun decided to tap into the growing podcasting market. “The Umjolo and sex podcast was an idea we had of growing our audience which happens to consume a lot of the love and sex articles we write. So with the growing trend of podcasting, it made perfect sense to tap into it to provide our readers a better and more detailed experience,” he said. Mlungisi said the podcast would provide much-needed insight into bedroom politics. “We have really packaged the show to be fun and entertaining, yet educating. We want to show people relationships and sex can be fun. “We are encouraging creativity in the bedroom, which will minimise cheating. “By doing so, it will enable couples to speak more openly with one another about things that they normally shy from in their relationships.” Co-host Gomie said: “Listeners can expect real and entertaining conversations about all the things people never want to confront in relationships and surrounding sex.” She hoped the show would bring couples together. “As we unpack conversations that will help improve people’s relationships, I hope this podcast brings couples together, even listening to the podcast during their pillow talk moments and then engage further about what they’ve just learnt.” Gomie also said the public was welcome to join in. “We highly encourage people to join in the conversation and send questions of whatever challenges they might be facing in their relationship and will do our outmost best to help them, as it might also help those facing a similar problem but who’re too shy to speak about it.” Editor-in-chief Mapula Nkosi said they were very excited about the podcast. “Our readers have always been excited and engaged about sex and relationship content. Happy relationships and healthy sex lives are important to them. “Readers will share experiences and also get the best advice from popular clinical psychologist Anele.” Catch the show every Sunday morning on www.dailysun.co.za