FORMER SAA chairwoman Dudu Myeni flatly refused to answer any questions about her leadership at the broke state airline. In no uncertain terms, she told Zondo Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that she would answer where she could and was silent where she couldn’t. “I came before this commission in terms of its rules. I filed my affidavit indicating that while I respect the commission and wish to assist it, I am in a very difficult position because before me there’s a court order directing that I be charged in this regard,” she said. She said she felt she was forced to forgo her Constitutional right not to incriminate herself. She gave evidence virtually as she was self-isolating after being exposed to someone who tested positive for Covid-19. Evidence leader, Advocate Kate Hofmeyr, asked if Myeni had given an undertaking to the Department of Public Enterprises to “comply to execute and use her skills to the best of her ability...” to maintain and observe the highest standards of integrity and probity in her execution of her responsibilities” when she became the acting board chair in 2012. ZODWA DOENS'T MIND WHEN FANS LICK HER PUNANI “I will not answer that question. Can I be allowed to invoke my right or privilege that has been given to me to not answer questions I’m not comfortable with,” she said. She also refused to answer if she was aware she had duties under the Public Finance Management Act and that wasted funds under her leadership should be paid back. “I did everything that ought to have been done at SAA as the chair of the board in respect of my responsibilities and leading a collective,” she said. Hofmeyr told the inquiry that a right to silence was confined to criminal proceedings and could not be invoked at a commission. She said Myeni instead had the privilege not to be compelled to answer questions that would expose her to a criminal charge. Myeni’s lawyer Advocate Thabani Masuku told Zondo that before him was “a witness with an axe hanging over her head”. “She is not speaking freely because there is a court order directing she should be investigated and charged criminally,” he said.