AN uninspiring Bafana Bafana laboured to a 2-0 victory over Sao Tome in the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Friday night. Percy Tau opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 55th minute after he was brought down inside the box. After that goal, Bafana had to wait until the 90th minute for the next goal. Bongani Zungu, who arrived late in camp after 22 hour flight from Scotland, scored the header after rising highest inside the box from Tau’s corner kick. However, Bafana, despite the low key first half, should have scored more goals and mostly in the second stanza where they woke up from their slumber. Lebohang Manyama, despite being off form at his beleaguered club Kaizer Chiefs, was a surprise selection as centre forward ahead of Luther Singh and Thabiso Kutumela. Tau, part of the front three up top, was always going wide to get the space and cut inside to affect the game. Going wide worked for Tau and he should  have taken advantage of Adaim Gamboa after he fumbled the ball in the 19th minute. The ball fell kindly to the former Mamelodi Sundowns attacker but he somehow couldn’t take advantage. With nothing positive coming for Bafana in the first half, Ntseki, just after the second half started, called Bongani Zungu, Luther Singh and Thabiso Kutumela to warm up. However, five minute before the hour mark, Ntseki got what he was looking for. Tau was brought down inside the box and referee pointed Thulani Sibandze pointed to the spot. The Anderlecht forward calmly slotted the penalty. Zungu then ensured Bafana matched the second half performance as he powered home his fifth goal in what was his 31 appearance for Bafana. However, it was uninspiring performance for Bafana on the day. With the 2021 set to be busy year with the 2022 World Cup qualifiers starting where only the group winners go through the next round, Bafana will have to improve. And with Ghana running with the Group C after beating Sudan 2-0, Ntseki, for a minute, wouldn’t mind as long as he gets the desired results. Ntseki would be delighted with the performance of Tau and Furman, who worked his socks off in the middle field. The duo was joined by Innocent Maela and Thapelo Morena. Bafana will hope to get another victory when they “host” the same opposition at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Monday.