SAFA vice president Ria Ledwaba believes the women's game in South Africa is growing in leaps and bounds. This after Banyana Banyana continued their dominance in the Cosafa Women's Championships this year by clinching their fourth straight title. They beat Botswana 2-1 in the final played at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday. Banyana have won the last seven edition of the last eight played, head and shoulders above their peers in the Southern region. Ledwaba belives the structures that have been put in place in the women's game have helped make South Africa a force in the region. She insists that Banyana will also trouble other giants in the continent in the Afcon, thanks to the establishment of the Safa Women's League. "I'm impressed, South Africa has done well," said Ledwaba. "Don't forget that we have an academy where Under-15 girls are housed and we have regional leagues and the Sasol league. "We now also have the national league and that will show in the regional tournaments and in the Afcons as well when we go there that indeed our girls have strengthened." Ledwaba was pleased with how the Cosafa tournaments for the senior teams and the Under17s were staged. However, she believes there is still plenty of room for improvement in the region in many areas. "I think firstly the number of participants has increased even though Namibia withdrew in the last minute," added Ledwaba. "But we see improvement because what we want to see in Cosafa is all 14 countries participating and not only eight teams as we have seen over the years. "It is still not satisfactory to see only five teams participating in the Under-17 and that is where we must start grooming our young  players so that we have a strong senior national team, without them the senior team will not grow. "We have seen a lot of goals scored, we would still like to see the Southern region keep on improving in terms of the scoring of goals. If we start seeing scores like 2-1 and 1-0 then it strengthens the Southern region when we go to the Afcon and Olympics."  