PEOPLE usually knock on the door when they visit the Zondi family – but not these unexpected visitors. They smashed through windows while passing the dining room in a Toyota Quantum and landed in the bedroom. Nokukhanya Zondi (60) from E section, KwaMashu, told Daily Sun she was watching television with her grandchild Uminathi (11) when they saw the Quantum passing them and landing in the bedroom on Sunday, 1 November. “As it was passing, the bricks of the wall hit us. We screamed for help until neighbours arrived. They called the ambulance and it took us to the local clinic,” said Nokukhanya. She said they were injured on their heads and legs and were discharged on the same day. She said when she returned home the Quantum was nowhere to be found. “I want the owner to come back and fix my house. I heard there was only the driver and his assistant in the Quantum and they were badly injured. They were also rushed to the hospital,” said Nokukhanya. She told Daily Sun that she went to KwaMashu Police Station to report the matter, but the policewoman refused to open a case, saying it was just an accident. Zondi said when the residents heard that no case was opened, they became angry and blocked the road on Monday. The cops arrived and calmed them down. “They took me to the station and opened a case,” said Nokukhanya. She said she slept in the open house as they did not have any option. She said she heard that the taxi was going from Station Rank to Cross Road. Councillor Lindiwe Ncayiyana said she visited the house and provided alternative shelter. “They will get help. I reported their matter to disaster management,” said Ncayiyana. But the gogo said she will carry on staying in her damaged house because she is not happy with the shelter. “The hall is in the hostel and has no doors. It is not safe,” said gogo. KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele said it is alleged that on 1 November at 5.30pm, a minibus taxi driver lost control and crashed into three houses along Malandela Road at E section in KwaMashu. “Three people were injured and were taken to hospital for medical attention. KwaMashu cops are investigating a case of reckless and negligent driving,” said Mbele.