MATJHABENG Municipality ANC’s ward 11 councillor and public safety and transport MMC Vicky Morris accused ANC chairman Tshepo Davids of being a liar! This comes after Davids claimed that Morris called him the K-word and assaulted him with a sjambok and rocks on 5 November. On 11 November, Daily Sun published the story, “ANC Chair Sues MMC.” Morris showed the SunTeam X-ray results of his broken collarbone and said he was the one who was assaulted by Davids on the day and was hospitalised in MediClinic Welkom. He said the ANC taught him not to retaliate with violence and that he opened a case against Davids. Morris said: “I have been to hospital for anxiety and depression. Davids is playing victim and he is not the victim here. I have been his victim. I’m known him to have a short temper but I have been a different person. My mum is sick because of what is happening and her health comes first. I want to be a better person even though he has been bad-mouthing me. The ANC has taught me to deal with this kind of things. I’m his daily bread and he has been defying me on social media. On 5 November, he attacked me and broke my right collarbone and I was treated at MediClinic. I have opened a case against him and I want to see the law take its course.” When asked about the R200 000 lawsuit against him, Morris said they never even went to court. “We were together as comrades and we never went to court. I have not even received a letter regarding the case. He tells many lies and that’s how he is. He enjoys taking photos and videos. How come he doesn’t have videos of me assaulting him? I am in process of furthering my studies and I will fight him with discipline,” said Morris. Davids said: “I’ve never touched him. If he says I broke him, where did he say I touched him? Yes, the police came to me because he opened a case. It’s a game he is playing to protect himself.” Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said a case of assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm was opened against Davids. Davids said his court case against Morris sat at Welkom Magistrates Court and he was granted R1 000 bail. But NPA spokesman Phaladi Shuping said Morris did not appear in court. “The prosecutor did not enrol the matter. He returned the docket to the police for further investigations,” said Shuping.