SUPERSPORT United medical staff are working around the clock to ensure key striker Bradley Grobler passes a late fitness test ahead of their DStv Premiership clash against Orlando Pirates tomorrow (6pm), set for Orlando Stadium. Grobler started training with Matsatsantsa a Pitori on Wednesday while nursing an ankle injury having last played on 7 November when they lost 1-0 to Bloemfontein Celtic in the MTN8 semi-final second leg. SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo said said Grobler was injured and we will make a final assessment tomorrow (Friday) together with other players who were away on national duty. But it won’t be a train smash if he won’t be available because we have enough quality players upfront like Gabuza (Thamsanqa), Lungu (Ghampani), Rusike (Evans) and Iqraam Rayners who are ready to do the job.” Tembo’s charges will play without influential defender Clayton Daniels who is still recovering after being involved in a car accident. As if that was not enough, Botswana International defender Thatayaone Ditlhokwe will also miss the match as he has yet to return from national duty. Explained Tembo: “Clayton is important to us, we don’t doubt his ability. But it’s important for Fleurs (Luke) who played alongside him to show what he can do to play regularly. We believe in him, he is young (20) and this will pave the way for him in the Olympic team and give him the opportunity to play.” However, Tembo is aware that he will have a tough time to avenge the 2-1 defeat they suffered at the hands of Bucs in the second round last season. United have played three matches with two wins and one loss on the road against Golden Arrows. “This will be a tough game. Pirates are a good team that had a near perfect start this season. We need to go out there and ensure we play well, match them through hard work. We should apply a positive mindset to get the results.” The Zimbabwean born says scoring early is important to swing the game in their favour. “It’s always good to score early, but that should not be our benchmark. We need to win the game with overall performances. It’s key to focus and play the entire 90 minutes, not do well for only 10 or 15 minutes. We should manage the game to get results.” Meanwhile, Pirates will play without winger Thembinkosi Lorch who has been ruled out for five weeks after undergoing surgery. Bucs will pin their hopes on speedy winger Deon Hotto and Terrence Dzvukamanja to maintain their three match unbeaten run. Pirates occupy six spot with a point behind fourth placed SuperSport on five points from three games.     Photo by  M24_Lrg_Vector_Spot_F ai Mathews Mpete | Sports Editor | Daily Sun Work: +27 11 877 6031 | 0823469267 Email: mmpete@dailysun.co.za Twitter: @Mathews_Mpete Facebook: Mathews Mpete Web: www.dailysun.co.za 