DEPUTY Chief Justice Raymond Zondo has distanced himself from claims that he and former president Jacob Zuma were friends. He was reading his statement as the commission was preparing to hear the recusal application by Zuma’s lawyers at the State Capture Commission of Inquiry earlier today. Zondo said that he would usually meet Zuma during the opening of Parliament government functions. “Mr Zuma’s statement that we are friends is not accurate. “Although Mr Zuma and I have a cordial relationship and have over the years interacted with each other pleasantly whenever we met in government functions.” Zondo went on to give justifications that supported his statement as he disputed that he was buddies with Msholozi. “Mr Zuma has never been to any of the houses in which I have lived with my family since the early 1990s. and I have never invited him. “He only met my wife at the opening of parliament or other government functions. He has also never been to places in Gauteng in which I’ve lived over the past 23/24 year since my appointment as a judge in 1997. He added: “Mr Zuma and I do not socialise and do no socialise together. I accept that there are functions, especially government functions, which he attended and I attended and on such occasion we would greed each other and have brief conversations.” Zondo said even with family events or any other significant days in their respective lives, he and Zuma never invited each other. “After I have been elevated to the bench in 1997, in January 1998 my law firm held a gala dinner for my farewell and many people were invited, including his majesty King Goodwill Zwelithini, but Mr Zuma was not among those who were invited. “I have never invited Mr Zuma to any family functions, including my birthdays since I met him early in the 1990s. He has also never invited me to any of his birthday parties since we got to know each other.” Zondo said the since he has known Zuma, he has lost his mother and four siblings and Zuma has not attended any of his family funerals. He also said he has never been to any of Zuma funeral and never been informed of any death of a member from the Zuma funeral. He further said: “I have never shared any meals with Mr Zuma. I have never been to the presidential office when he was president nor did I go to his official residence.” Zuma’s lawyer, Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane, indicated that his client would also want to give his version of the story with regards to their relationship.