AFTER installing doors at the Mkhwanazi home in Phiri, Soweto, handyman Justice Ndaba noticed a heap of soil and paving bricks behind the back rooms. When he asked the murder accused Dumisani Mkhwanazi, who had done such a terrible paving job, he said Dumisani told him that he had done that by himself because of the water that would normally flood behind the back rooms. Ndaba was the third state witness who took the stand at the South Gauteng High Court on Friday. He was hired by Dumisani’s mum Thandiwe Mkhwanazi to replace the doors at her house. Ndaba told the court, “There was a heap that was at the back, and there were things placed on it. “It was paving bricks on top of the heap. It was not a big heap, but the surface was not level.” Ndaba added, “The paving was not done properly, I asked him why didn’t he tell his mum to give me this paving job. “He told me don’t worry, I did this because water would get stuck at back of the back rooms.” He said from his observation, the paving looked like it was done the day before because of the freshness of the soil that was there. While Ndaba was working on the doors, on 13 August 2013, police came to the Mkhwanazi house about three or four times. He noticed them speaking to Dumisani, and when he asked him what the police wanted, he said Dumisani told him that the police are starting to annoy him. “They were asking him about the missing Palesa Madiba,” he said. He said the “annoying cops” remarks made him suspicious of Dumisani. But after the accused told him that police were there with sniffer dogs and found nothing, he was also convinced that there was really nothing. Second witness Dimakatso Makhetha, who was a tenant in the back room at the Mkhwanazi home, said she only noticed the paving bricks on Saturday (17 August 2013). She said she doesn’t do laundry all the time, hence she didn’t frequent the area behind the back rooms where their washing line is placed. Defense lawyer, Dominic Thinane asked Dimakatso, “Did you not hear any digging sound? Did you see any thing odd?” Dimakatso said, “I didn’t hear any digging sounds, I saw a paving that I’ve never seen before.” Judge Prince Manyathi postponed the matter to Monday 23 November. He indicated that the matter is a red case and should be finalised as there are people who need closure.