ORLANDO Pirates registered their first DStv Premiership win
of the season when they beat Bloemfontein Celtic 1-0 at Dr Molemela Stadium
last night. Pirates substitute Siphesihle Ndlovu scored the all
important goal in the 77th minutes via a curling shot giving  Celtic
keeper Sipho Chaine no chance following a great pass from Paseka Mako. The win
is a huge morale boost ahead of the MTN8 semifinal second leg Soweto derby
against fierce rivals Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Sunday. Celtic, who will
host SuperSport United in another Wafa Wafa return leg match at the same venue
on Saturday, have been struggling in the league as they have yet to win a match
in three outings. Pirates assistant coach Fadlu Davids was in charge in the
absence of Josef Zinnbauer who went home to Germany on Saturday due to an
emergency as his son has been admitted in hospital after he was involved in a
car accident. Zinnbauer is expected back in the country on Friday and will
be back at the helm against Amakhosi. Davids made one change to the side that thrashed Amakhosi
3-0 in the first leg of Wafa Wafa competition with captain Happy Jele replacing
the influential Thulani Hlatshwayo who sustained a hamstring injury. He
retained Zakhele Lepasa upfront as last season's top goal scorer Gabadinho
Mhango has yet to fully recover from a groin injury he aggravated during warm
up prior to their 1-1 draw with Stellenbosch. On the other hand, Celtic mentor John Maduka had his mind
set on Saturday's MTN8  Cup semifinal return leg match against SuperSport
United at the same venue as he made nine changes to the side that played a 1-1
draw with Matsatsantsa A Pitori in the first leg last weekend. Maduka also made
a bold move as he gave youngster Robert Smith his debut after being promoted
from the MultiChoice Diski Challenge side. The Celtic legend also had
keeper  Sipho Chaine in goals as his No 1 Jackson Mabokgwane was still
recovering after he sustained a head injury against SuperSport. Celtic were compact making it difficult for Pirates to take
a shot at goal in the first half with Chaine and his counterpart Richard Ofori
being spectators. Bucs had their first attempt on target in the 65th minutes
when Vincent Pule forced Chaine to make a double save. 