THE release of two farmworkers convicted for killing Matlhomola Mosweu (16) from Coligny, North West after accusing him of stealing sunflower heads has devastated the teenager’s family. Matlhomola’s parents said it felt like salt had been rubbed into their wounds when they heard on the radio the people they thought had killed their son were out of jail for good. On Friday, the Supreme Court of Appeal acquitted Pieter Doorewaard (28) and Phillip Schutte (35) eight months after they were sentenced 18 and 23 years in jail respectively. They were accused of throwing him out of a moving bakkie in April 2017.  Matlhomola’s father Saki Dingake said a black life was worthless. “It proved jail is only for black people. If they didn’t kill him, then how did he die because they admitted he was alive when they put him behind their bakkie,” he asked. Saki said the justice system failed them. “If the court made mistakes, how do they explain that my son was alive when those farmworkers put him at the back of these white people’s bakkie? My son brutally died in their presence. Surely the justice system can charge them with something. Now they are free and my son is still dead. I am weak and disappointed in our justice system.” Sole witness Bonakele Pakisi said the acquittal made him look like a bad person in society. “Was I supposed to keep quiet? The boy was killed in my presence. This feels bad.”  The idea to appeal the case came after the two accused Pakisi of not telling the court the truth when he said he saw the whole incident when Matlhomola was killed. They were found guilty of throwing the teen out of a moving bakkie after accusing him of stealing sunflower heads, but then claimed their innocence, saying he’d jumped out of the bakkie while they were taking him to the police station. Their legal representative advocate Barry Roux petitioned the court of appeal after North West High Court denied leave to appeal in March. AfriForum’s CEO Kallie Kriel said they welcomed the release. “AfriForum has said from the beginning the state’s only witness lied and therefore the organisation decided to finance the two men’s application for appeal. We believed in their innocence and justice was served.”