HARARE SAPS members from Khayelitsha in Cape Town told residents to report abuse. Station commander Colonel Joseph Raboliba said they need to take a stand and pull all resources they have to stop abuse towards women and children. “As men, we need to stand up and say ‘not in our name’, we need to stop gender-based violence,” said Raboliba. He said women and children do not trust males anymore and they cannot be judged for that. “They have every right to fear men because they are getting killed and raped every day and most of the perpetrators are known.” According to him, the perpetrators are their uncles, friends fathers, and even boyfriends. “Do not be afraid to come to our station to report abuse, we are there to assist you. Don’t wait until it is too late,” said Raboliba. He said with the way women and children are killed, there needs to be 16 Days of Activism every day. “We will not stop fighting until we get it right, and to men who are abusing women and children we are urging them to stop. It is enough,” he said. CPF chairperson Funeka Soldaat said they are there to assist where they can. “Our plea to you is simple, report abuse when you see your neighbour being abused. Do not say it doesn’t affect you because you might be the one who is going to save your neighbor’s life,” said Soldaat. She told Daily Sun it is a sad reality that in Cape Town if women or children went missing for three hours the chances of them being found alive are slim. “We live in a sick society where men see women and children as an object. They are not safe even in their homes because we have sick uncles,” said Soldaat. Nwabisa Nakani (40) said nowadays it is very scary to be a woman. “We do not know what we did to men but we are sorry, they are the ones who need to change how they see us. They are supposed to be our protectors but they are our worst enemies,” said Nakani. She also said women need to stop leaving their daughters with their boyfriends. “Even fathers are not to be trusted. Let’s protect our kids because we have a lot of cases where young girls were raped by their mother’s boyfriend. We need to trust no one,” said Nakani.