BLACK Leopards goalkeeper Kgosi “King” Ndlovu is confident they will turn the corner at the expense of fellow strugglers Maritzburg United. The teams will battle it out in a DStv Premiership match at Thohoyandou Stadium in Venda on Saturday (3.30pm). It’s unclear whether Dylan Kerr will be the man manning the bench after having joined the team on Monday, following the sacking of Belgian coach Patrick Aussems on Sunday after three league defeats. If Kerr’s work permit is not ready yet, Leopards assistant coach Morgan Shivambu will be at the helm as Leopards are rooted to the bottom of table without a point, together with Maritzburg. Ndlovu said they will repeat what they did last season, having beaten Maritzburg 1-0 in the first round away and that was followed by a 3-2 victory in the return fixture. Said Ndlovu: “It will be a difficult game because Maritzburg are also struggling for points. We both have nothing to lose and therefore we are going all out to ensure we win the match. We beat them away and also in the bio-bubble (second leg). “Ironically, we had lost three opening games last season when we played them and it’s the same this time. We will wake up at their expense, they are our manna.” The lanky shot-stopper revealed that they will use the unbearable hot weather in Venda to swing the game in their favour. “It’s the festive season. They can’t cope with the weather in Thohoyandou. History will repeat itself like we did when we beat them in our backyard in the second round. They won’t survive in Thohoyandou.” However, Ndlovu is still concerned about their defence that has conceded seven goals in three matches. Lidoda Duvha have the worst defence in the league so far, followed by Maritzburg, who have conceded six goals. “We are not well organised as a team. We always concede. Little mistakes that we make cost us. Our organisation must improve to ensure we keep a clean sheet.” Despite the setback, King reckons they have what it takes to finish the season within the top eight. “This is a more realistic target. We should find our form, win games to move away from this position. Once we get into the top eight, next season we will fight for top six.” Meanwhile, Shivambu revealed that his side need to be consistent with their performance in order to turn the corner. “Our line-up has been changing all the time, that contributed to us not being stable. We have been slowly improving.”