THE current generation of Orlando Pirates players deserve to etch their name in the history of the club, said Bafana Bafana and Bucs winger Vincent Pule. Pule said the strength in depth in the squad is frightening and they’ll need to match that by winning cups this season. Pirates are already in the MTN8 final where they’ll face Bloemfontein Celtic on 12 December. “I think we have a very good team and we have been doing well,” said the former Bidvest Wits player. “It will be great if this generation wins something because it’s been a while. It has been six years without this club winning a trophy.” The last time Pirates won a major trophy was the Nedbank Cup back in 2014. “In our squad, you take one out, you put another one, it’s the same outcome. It is great to have a team like that,” explained Pule. Pule, who won the MTN8 trophy with now defunct Wits in 2016, is excited to be in the final with Pirates to play against Celtic. “We have to do what we have to do at Pirates, which is to win the trophy,” said Pule. Pule admitted that last season was not his best as he scored only three goals in 29 matches in all competitions. Before that, in which was his first season with Bucs after arriving from Wits, he featured in 32 games in all competitions and scored nine goals. In five games Pirates have played this season, Pule has played in all of them and has scored once, which came against Chiefs when they defeated their arch enemies 3-0 in the first leg of the Wafa Wafa semi-final at Orlando Stadium. The Free State-born winger’s form earned him a call-up by Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki, where he was part of the two recent Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers against Sao Tome in Mzansi – which they won both 2-0 and 4-2 respectively. Pule said the new signings, Richard Ofori, Thabang Monare, Deon Hotto, Wayde Jooste, Collins Makgaka and Terrence Dzvukamanja have made a huge impact. “These guys have pushed us and they have added value to the team. “It has been amazing to be with them in the side,” revealed Pule.