SOUTH African national Under-23 forward Fagrie Lakay is proud to represent his country and has promised to grab his opportunity with both hands. Lakay, despite once being Bafana Bafana's youngest ever international at 17 years and five months, has never played for his country at a major tournament at any age group. He has been included in David Notoane’s U-23 side that is facing Saudi Arabia in two friendly matches as they continue to prepare for next year’s Tokyo Olympic Games. Lakay is desperate to make the final squad for the Olympics and has vowed to make it impossible for Notoane to overlook him when he picks his best soldiers. He got his quest off to a good start as he gave an impressive performance in the first friendly match against the Saudis on Saturday. Lakay bagged a goal and provided an assist for Zakhele Lepasa as Notoane’s charges went down 3-2 to the hosts. “Personally, it feels good to be back playing for the national team and representing my country,” said Lakay. “There are a lot of youngsters that would have loved to be here, that would have loved to get the opportunity to represent their country but for my side, I’m grateful to be here.“I want to grab this opportunity with both hands, as long as I’m here I will give my all for my country.“ The journey for me from here onwards is to make the Olympic team, I know it won’t be an easy task but that’s why I’m here giving my all and doing my best. I would like to play in my first major tournament for my country and do well for the team.” The Cape Town City player will be looking for an even better showing in the second friendly against the Saudis set to be played at King Abdulaziz Sport City Stadium tomorrow (4 pm). Although Lakay is expecting another tough outing, the 23-year-old is confident the result will be different this time around as they are not prepared to return from their tour without a win. “Saudi Arabia are a good team and they play a similar type of football as us so it will be a good match,” added Lakay. “But as a team, we feel the result in the last game wasn’t a true reflection of the match. We feel we should have won the game. We don’t want to leave here with two losses so we have to give our all.” 