ERIC Tinkler could become the first coach to be shown the door this season due to Maritzburg United’s poor start to the DStv Premiership. That’s the harsh reality that the Bafana Bafana legend is facing after his charges suffered their third league defeat of the season when they were hammered 3-1 by Chippa United in Port Elizabeth on Tuesday. Chilli Boys striker Bienvenu Eva Nga scored a hat-trick, twice from the penalty spot and a goal from open play to give Tinkler more headache. This was the Team of Choice 10th match on the trot without a win in all competitions, as they were booted out of the MTN8 Cup by Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs, who beat them 2-1 last month. The last time they won a match was in March when they beat the relegated Polokwane City 1-0 in the league via Dylon Claasen’s header. He was also on the scoresheet against the Chilli Boys. The Team of Choice are at the basement of table without a point. Tinkler is aware that lady luck has deserted them. Said Tinkler: “I can’t sit and criticise the penalties. “The referee gave the penalties, that’s just the unfortunate reality. “Penalties against us, two red cards against us in the last two games, it’s tough, but that’s the way the wheel turn sometimes, you need to accept it and try deal with it.” Tinkler said his charges panicked after the break when it mattered most. “On the ball we tend to panic. We needed to recognise that there was a lot of time and space that we could have utilised on the ball to be better going forward. We conceded the second, another penalty, it’s difficult, then we got a red card, we were down to 10 men. We were chasing the game, that’s the harsh reality.” The two weeks Fifa calendar break could give Tinkler enough time to instil confidence in his charges before their league game against Leopards in Thohoyandou on 21 November. “For me, again it’s similar to the Chiefs one, the first half we were very good and second half we dropped off,” he added. “That’s a little bit disappointing, but as I said the confidence and morale is something we’ve got to try and work on and that’s not going to be easy.”