SOUTH Africa national U23 coach David Notoane is backing young Orlando Pirates striker Zakhele Lepasa to rise to the challenge and embrace the responsibly of scoring the bulk of Young Bafana’s goals. The 23-year-old who shot to prominence when he broke the hearts of Kaizer Chiefs fans in the colours of minnows TS Galaxy when he scored in the Nedbank Cup final, has come a long way. Lepasa has fought his way into the Pirates team and has delivered the goods in the absence of star forward Gabadinho Mhango in the past couple of matches. He was rewarded with a call up to Notoane’s team that recently toured Saudi Arabia for two friendly matches as they continue their preparations for next year’s Tokyo Olympic Games. Lepasa found the back of the net in the first friendly against the Saudis with Young Bafana going down 3-2 in the end. But Notoane has seen enough glimpses to suggest the young Bucs marksman could be the go-to man for goals for his side in the lead up to the Olympics. “We are still looking for that marksman who can put the ball in the back of the net,” said Notoane. “Lepasa has raised his hand after coming into the last few camps. In this particular camp, he has really shown his maturity and we are happy about that. “Is he the one that will score goals for us? There is hope, I believe. “But only if he continues with his form at Orlando Pirates and he brings the confidence he has been showing at his club to the national team.” Notoane will also hope that players such as Cape Town City striker Fagrie Lakay and Stellenbosch forward Leletu Skelem raise their hands as far as goals for the team are concerned. Lakay was on the scoresheet in the first friendly while Skelem scored for Young Bafana in the final friendly against the Saudis which ended in a 1-1 draw. Despite not winning a game during their Middle East tour, Notoane believes it was a success as he got to see a lot of the new players he brought into his team. “I think it was a very successful camp overall,” added Notoane. “We saw the transition of some of the Under-20 players who graduated to the Under-23s and we also got to blend in the new players.”