CHIPPA United hat-trick hero Bienvenu Eva Nga says registering their first win of the season will lift their confidence to do well in the DStv Premiership. The Cameroonian became the first player to score a hat-trick this season as he helped the Chilli Boys to a 3-1 win over Maritzburg United in Port Elizabeth on Tuesday. The 27-year-old hailed coach Lehlohonolo Seema for believing in his abilities, while he also credited his teammates for their support. The victory has moved Chippa from the bottom half of the league table to occupy fourth spot on four points from three matches. They are two points behind log leaders Baroka FC, who could stretch their lead when they host Golden Arrows in Polokwane today. Said Eva Nga: “The game was very nice. We worked together with all my teammates to win the game. I won’t say I won the game alone because we were working hard together. “I am very happy to get this three points. It’s good for us as it will lift our confidence and make us to believe in our work.” He added: “I want to say to the coach thank you for this opportunity. I also want to say ‘thank you’ to my teammates, they were all pushing me in training.” However, Eva Nga revealed that the great feeling was different without their 12th man, supporters who are still not allowed at match venues due to Covid-19 regulations. “I thank our supporters. We miss them and soon we will be together, keep pushing us. Alone we can’t go far, but together we can go very far,” said Eva. Now that they have lifted the monkey off their back, Eva Nga said they will be ready to overcome Stellenbosch FC after the Fifa calendar break. The teams will meet on 21 November at Danie Craven Stadium. “Now we have a win in the league and we can show another team we are ready. I know we will go far in this league, I believe in our coach and the work we are doing,” he added. A delighted Seema said: “After last week’s game (1-0 defeat to Kaizer Chiefs), I decided to protect youngsters, so today I started with experienced players. It was all about pressure (on Maritzburg) having Eva Nga and Kwem (Augustine) and after they got tired, thank God we already had a goal. I knew young ones will come in with confidence, having seen their seniors worked their socks off. The contribution from everyone in the team was amazing, but there is still a long way to go.”