THE IEC is happy that the by-elections – the first held under Covid-19 restrictions – went well. At a media briefing in Tshwane on Thursday, 12 November, the IEC said the elections held in 55 municipalities in all nine provinces were the largest number of by-elections held on a single day in the history of the country. The average turnout was 37,83% and the highest was 75,29% recorded in Ward 4 in Port St Johns in the Eastern Cape. “The success of the elections bodes well for the upcoming municipal elections scheduled for 2021,” said IEC spokeswoman Kate Bapela. According to the IEC, the DA were the biggest losers. The DA lost nine wards, retained 14 wards and won just one ward, while the ANC managed to win six new wards, lost two and retained 64 wards. She said they were concerned about the disruptions caused to voting procedures earlier in the day in two wards. The opening of voting stations was delayed in Naledi, Soweto and a voting station in Ward 13 in Amahlathi Municipality, Eastern Cape. She said protests over service delivery in these areas included blocking of access to voting stations. “With the intervention of the SAPS and provincial and municipal leaders, voting finally got underway at about midday.”  She said the commission supports communities’ right to protest peacefully in a manner that does not infringe on the rights of citizens to vote. “The commission calls on the SAPS to take decisive action against anyone whose actions impeded the holding of free and fair elections,” said Bapela. In Mpumalanga, the IEC announced that the ANC won Ward 31, Thulamahashe and Ward 36, Allandale in Bushbuckridge and Emalahleni with 78.91%. The DA won Emalahleni, Ward 23 and Govan Mbeki, Ward 30. ANC local co-ordinator Million Makaringe said: “We are happy with the new mandate from the people of both Wards 31 and 36 to accept that the ANC has decided to fight any form of corruption and ensuring that people get necessary services. “With all the improvement in terms of water provisioning by the Bushbuckridge Local Municipality under Mayor Sylvia Nxumalo, although we are rationalising water, people are happy because they know where to get water,” said Makaringe. He said they are heading for three by-elections and they are sure they are going to take back the wards from the Better Residents Association.