2020. The
year we spent indoors. Now, summer is here, and with restrictions having eased
somewhat we’re finding ourselves more inclined to spend time outdoors in the
sunshine. “While it’s important to remember that COVID-19 is by no means behind
us, and all safety precautions such as mask-wearing, sanitising and social
distancing should be adhered to when out and about, bidding farewell to this
year while enjoying the great outdoors our country has to offer is something to
celebrate,” acknowledges Themba Ndlovu, Clere For Men and Clere For Men Active
brand manager. He adds
that when spending time outside it’s important to take your skin into account.
“Summer can be harsh on your skin if you don’t prep it or look after it
properly. The heat, air pollution, perspiration and excess oil build up are the
not so nice side effects of the season. This is where skincare comes in. It's
important to switch up your skincare routine as and when your skin requirements
change.” Ndlovu
advises on what you should focus on when it comes to your skin this summer: Eat
healthy: You must
have heard that you are what you eat. This may sound clichéd but it's true your
skin is directly impacted by your diet and the lifestyle choices you make.
Avoid oily, fried food. Get your glow with proteins, Vitamins A and C. A
yoghurt smoothie with fruits such as strawberries and apple is a great way to
start your day. Wash
your face:
Maintaining a clean face is key year-round, but because the heat makes you
sweat more, keeping pores unclogged is more challenging during summer. A
deep-cleaning face wash formulated for daily use will help free your skin of
dirt build up without drying it out. Once daily is enough but add a second wash
on extra active afternoons. Moisturise: Although our skin tends to become
oiler in summer and perspiration increases this doesn’t mean you should skimp
on moisturiser. In fact, the drier you leave your skin, the more oil it will
generate naturally to compensate. The speediest route to summer skin? Internal
hydration by drinking water and external by applying moisturiser. Apply a
moisturiser daily, preferably one that offer long-lasting moisturisation. Both
Clere For Men and Clere For Men Active lotions and crèmes will help moisturise
your skin for up to 48 hours keeping your skin healthy and looking its best.