FORMER mayor of Nelson Mandela Bay, Mongameli Bobani, was buried at the Papenkuil Heroes Acres in Port Elizabeth a few hours ago. His funeral service took place at the Feather Market Centre in Port Elizabeth. The UDM councillor died last week at the age of 52 at St George’s Hospital after a three-week-long battle with coronavirus. Scores of UDM supporters and politicians from other political parties gathered at the Feather Market Centre to pay their last respects to the man they called councillor of the people. Delivery the eulogy, UDM leader Bantu Holomisa agreed that Bobani was a true leader of people. He said: “If we are true to ourselves that we want to keep Bobani’s legacy alive, then we must do what he wished for and what he stood for – a corrupt free city. “Bobani contracted this virus while he was working for the people of this city. For the past 17 years Bobani as councillor of UDM was working tireless for the people of this metro. He was the UDM builder in this region during good and bad times. He has done us proud. We will miss him and his contribution in UDM,” he said. Acting mayor Tshonono Buyeye said: “Bobani was a community worker fighting for the vulnerable communities. He was a person of peace and had a special gift of uniting people. He was always willing to make a difference to the people around him and not afraid to make decisions. Twitter will not be the same without him, as he was a darling of social media. “Bobani was a people’s person. Every one in the city knew Bobani. He did everything in his power to protect his family from Covid-19 as he was always carrying a sanitiser but this virus took him. This virus is dangerous. People need to look after themselves.” His daughter Ongezwa Jack said: “My father worked for the people of Nelson Mandela Bay and his family. He was an amazing father who cared a lot about his family. We are shattered but he has done it all for us. We don’t have any complaints or regression, although we will feel lost without him.” The father of four died while he was the mayoral committee member responsible for infrastructure and engineering for the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality, where he was mayor before he was booted out via a vote of no-confidence in December 2019. He leaves behind his wife Nosakhele, father, mother, four children and two grandchildren.