TODAY, matrics started their final exams with English paper 1. Despite having missed months of schooling, most grade 12s said the paper was easier than they expected. Lebogang Rasekgula (18) from Siyabonga Secondary School in Braamfischerville, Soweto, said: “I was very nervous coming into the exam hall but it wasn’t as hard as I thought it would be.” Nombulelo Mbundu (18) from Tembisa High School in Ekurhuleni said: “It was an average paper. The paper has built my confidence from the rest of my exams.” Kabelo Mpungose (19) from Tembisa High School said: “It was a great paper and I enjoyed writing it. “I was worried because I’m used to studying in a group and having to study on my own during lockdown was scary.” Thatego Nkadimeng (18) from Siyabonga Secondary School in Soweto said: “The paper was pretty fair.” Khomotso Rakgoropo (17) from Tembisa High school said: “The paper was good, despite the challenges I faced with online learning.” Gauteng Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi said the paper was dedicated to the 32 teachers in the province who died of Covid-19. He visited Sekano-Ntoane High School in Soweto ahead of the exam, along with Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga. When he arrived, Principal Mosala Leeuw was calming pupils nerves. He said 228 pupils were sitting for exams. Makgoe told pupils: “I know the school will give 100%. I have full confidence that you are going to make it.” The premier said security had been put in place to make sure nothing compromised the exams. Felicia Chiposa (17) said she was ready for her exams. “I am well prepared, even though I am a bit nervous but with the study materials I got from the school, I think I will do well,” she said. Felicia said she planned to study computer science at UKZN next year. Xolani Dludlu (18) said he studied with previous exam papers, which helped a lot. He said he planned to study architecture at the University of Joburg. Majuba said he was optimistic the exams would go smoothly. Simangele Molotsi (19) said she was prepared and enjoyed the comprehension and summary questions. Remofilwe Motlhasedi (18) said: “I enjoyed the paper but the cartoon analysis was challenging.” Tshireletso Diphoko (20) and Michael Legobye (21) said the aimed to get over 70%.