What is diabetes1? Type 1 diabetes Type 1 diabetes is present in 5 to 10% of people with diabetes and is usually diagnosed in children and teenagers. It is caused by the body mistakenly destroying the insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas. In these cases, the treatment requires the use of insulin. Type 2 diabetes Type 2 diabetes is the most common and makes up 90 to 95% of all people with diabetes. It is caused by not enough production of insulin by the body, or the body is not able to use the insulin it has properly. Did you know? Type 2 diabetes can be present in your body for many years but you may not experience any symptoms at all. 1 Even if you have Type 2 diabetes, you may not know, because many people do not experience any symptoms with Type 2 diabetes until many years later. By this time, you may have already developed some complications. Rather consider the risk factors below, which could mean you are more at risk of getting type 2 diabetes. 1   If any of these apply to you speak to a Healthcare Professional as soon as possible!  Type 2 diabetes can be treated and managed by changing some of your daily habits1 – it is a good idea to start implementing these behaviours: Remember: The earlier you are diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes the quicker you can start leading a healthier lifestyle and making positive changes to avoid complications in later life. 1 If left untreated Type 2 diabetes can result in complications such as1: *Amputations * Heart Attack * Blindness Take action today! Know your risk of Type 2 diabetes and make the changes needed so that you can live a long and healthy lifestyle. For more information on Type 2 diabetes and your risk, please contact your Healthcare Professional. Visit www.accu-chek.co.za or join the Accu-Chek Facebook community and enjoy free access to information such as exercise tips, healthy recipes and other interesting diabetes articles. Living with diabetes during COVID-19? It's important to manage your diabetes carefully during COVID-19. If your blood sugar stays high, you could be at risk of more severe complications from COVID-19.2 Follow the COVID safety guidelines as instructed by the World Health Organisation, so that you can safely pick up your medication from the clinic.3 Keep testing your blood sugar often and stick to your diabetes treatment plan. For more information, visit your doctor or clinic. References           