NEWLY-ELECTED Gauteng Boxing Promoters Association (GBPA) executive committee set to unity all boxing stakeholders. The new association's structure led by TK Promotions boss Tshele Kometsi as chairperson was elected on Saturday during their annual general meeting in Tshwane. The meeting which was attended by 50% of licensed Boxing SA promoters took place at BSA's offices. A veteran boxing promoter from Soweto Obed Molekwa was elected as a deputy to Kometsi. Shereen Hunter was reinstated as secretary-general and deputies by Jani Hebler. The newcomers on boxing promotion business Bongani Dlamini and Cyril Lehong cut treasurer and deputy respectively in the new structure. This structure has taken over from the interim committee who was elected last October. According to Hunter of Unleashed Combat Sport among the association's key issues during their term of office is to unite all stakeholders. "Key issues as set out by the new Chairman Kometsi are: high levels of support for promoters that are  BSA licensees and members of the GBPA that more boxing events can be hosted in Gauteng, (2) The improved and inclusive communications that are fair to all promoters, (3) a unity between all stakeholders in the province and teamwork through mutual respect and collaboration, (4) financial sustainability of the GBPA -  focus on generating revenue, financial transparency and shared benefits," said Hunter. In most recent years the association has been rocked by factionalism and power struggle in recent years which led to other executive being dissolved and replaced by an interim committee. However, Hunter maintains that there was no division in their organisation. "To my best knowledge, there was never two sides.  We had a handful of people who had their own opinions regarding the necessity of transparency and governance and may not have agreed with the disciplines of it, but that can be expected in any team work situation. “You can never expect everyone to agree on everything.  So despite our differences, we continue to build boxing in Gauteng. After all - it’s about hosting boxing tournaments when you are a promoter  - not about looking for attention by sparking controversial personal debates on Facebook," said Hunter. 