INSTEAD OF waiting for handouts or doing crime, the three cousins started a hustle. They sold beers ekasi to make a living. BUT INSTEAD ALL IT GOT THEM WAS DEATH. They were allegedly killed over warm beer. The three cousins – Xolile George (19), Siyamela Dintsi (21) and Abongile Dintsi (23) were shot to death in Lockdown squatter camp near Delft, Cape Town, early last Tuesday morning.  Now the family needs help to bury their loved ones. Their aunt, Nobantu Dintsi (49), said she raised the boys and lived with them before they moved to Lockdown a few months ago. She said girls who witnessed the incident told her they might have been killed over beer. “They said two people came on Monday night to buy beer,” she said. “The customers complained that the beer was warm and one of the boys explained there was no electricity in the area.” Nobantu said the two customers threw bottles at her nephews and a fight started. It’s believed the customers left, but returned later to kill the three cousins. Nobantu told Daily Sun the three cousins were inseparable while growing up. “They all liked playing soccer in the streets of Suburban in Delft and that was their favourite sport in school,” she said. She said soccer kept them away from crime. The boys’ other cousin Asiphe Dintsi (23), who lived with them, said she was devastated. “They loved doing business and had big dreams,” she said. “They had a lot of potential. Abongile always acted like a big brother. “He was determined to see them succeed. He pulled everyone in when it came to business.” She said Siyamela and Xolile played soccer in their free time. “They were never troublemakers but were happy people. It’s either they were at home doing business or played soccer and hung out with me,” she said. Their uncle, Lindile Dintsi (55), said the killings came as a shock. “I don’t know what to do right now. We’d be grateful if anyone could help us. We didn’t expect to bury our boys in this way,” he said. Police spokesman Brigadier Novela Potelwa confirmed the incident and said two suspects, aged 25 and 29, appeared in the Bellville Magistrates Court on Thursday last week. Said Potelwa: “Reports indicate police were called out to the informal settlement at 5am on Tuesday morning. “They found three men in a shack, with multiple gunshot wounds to their upper bodies. “Information gathered on the scene indicated a fight over alcohol had occurred on Monday evening.”