THE alleged killers of Zulu king Goodwill Zwelithini’s son Prince Lethukuthula Zulu were in court on Monday, 30 November on charges of murder and theft. Tshegofatso Moremane (20), Margeret Koaile (42), Portia Mmola (28), Gontshe Tlholoe (30) and Dakalo Mbedzi (32) briefly appeared in Randburg Magistrates Court in Joburg. Representatives of the Zulu royal family refused to comment, saying they were still in mourning. The matter was postponed to Thursday, 3 December when the accused were expected to apply for bail. It’s believed the five were part of a gang that drugged and robbed unsuspecting men. Last week, Daily Sun reported on an incident where a man was similarly robbed. The women allegedly targeted men at nightclubs. Since the story was published, other men have come forward, saying they’d also been victims. Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said the accused were found in possession of substances which were nabbed to see whether the prince and his business partner were drugged before cash and valuables were stolen from their home. The suspected stolen items were also seized from the accused’s homes. “The investigation might also assist in establishing whether the suspects might have committed similar crimes where victims were drugged and robbed,” Peters said. Gauteng NPA spokeswoman Phindi Mjonodwane said three of the accused were facing additional charges of theft and possession of stolen items. She said it was too early to tell if they were part of a gang. “The investigations are ongoing and for now, the state is ready to prepare in response to the bail application,” she said. The Royal House representative arrived in court a few minutes
before the accused were sent down back to the cells. Some of them sat in the front row seats, with hopes to get a
glimpse of the four women and a man who are accused of taking the life of their
beloved Prince Zulu. After the adjournments, outside the court, they were on
their knees looking like they were praying shortly after they briefed one of
the elders who didn't get to go inside the court. They were reluctant to speak to the media, after the
briefing they got into a black Mercedes Benz Viano parked in front of the court
building and jetted off. 