SEKHUKHUNE United are here, and they mean business! The GladAfrica Championship rookies are not looking to be in the second division for long as they are already eyeing promotion to the DStv Premiership in earnest. This was the clear indication given by the club at their media launch held at Malonjeni Guest Farm in MidVaal last week. The club will represent the Sekhukhune district and the entire Limpopo province, though they will use Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa as their home ground, as well as the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium. Sekhukhune came into existence when chairman Simon Malatjie acquired the Championship status of Tshakhuma Tsha Madzhivhandila (TTM), who purchased Bidvest Wits’ top-flight status. Sekhukhune didn’t mince their words when they introduced their signings, a quality line-up of former Polokwane City captain Jabu Maluleke, former Ajax Cape Town striker Prince Nxumalo and former Highlands Park goalkeeper Tapuwa Kapini were paraded before guests. They will also have the likes of former Orlando Pirates midfielder Yusuf Mart, former Maritzburg United midfielder Siyabulela Shai and ex JDR Stars man Thabang Mokoena in their ranks. Speaking at the launch, where they expressed their pride honour to a porcupine (noko is Sepedi), experienced midfield general Maluleke said he was looking forward to the new challenge with the Limpopo side. “I’m very happy to be here,” Maluleke said. “The club offered me a contract and I was happy with what they put on the table. I was excited by their project as well. “As far as helping the team to gain promotion, I believe anything is possible in football. As long as you give your all and you believe in what you are doing then you can achieve anything. With God leading us and having a great bunch of players and the good technical team that we have I believe we can do well when the season gets underway.” Former Uthongathi coach Johnny Ferreirra is the man tasked with getting the club into the top-flight as soon as possible, and he will be assisted by Stanley Nkoane while Alex “Barnes” Bapela is team manager. The club is owned by Joburg-based security and construction tycoon, Simon Malatji, who believes their aggressive approach will see them make their mark in the Championship. “We are an ambitious club and we are looking at the DStv Premiership in a few years,” said Malatjie. “But we are not new to football, we know that things don’t happen overnight and we have to be patient.”