THERE seems to be light at the end of the Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) controversial tunnel. According to SunSport’s sister paper, City Press, the Venda club could soon be wholly-owned by Letlhabile-based medical doctor, Sello Ntsoko, who is reported to be in the process of buying the club’s 100% shares. Ntsoko currently owns 40% of the club and has put up a R24 million offer to buy the remaining 60% to take complete ownership of the Limpopo outfit from Mosala Mulaudzi. According to a letter seen by City Press, Ntsoko’s lawyers Mogomotsi Attorneys wrote to Mulaudzi’s lawyers and proposed to take over the financially troubled club. “Our client informed us that there was an initial offer from your client for our client to purchase 40% of the shares in TTM for R16m. We hereby hold instruction to make a proposal for the sale of the 60% share in TTM at R24m.” Upon digging deeper into possible purchase of the club, SunSport’s informants have revealed that part of Ntsoko’s plans was to buy a block of flats in Polokwane and relocate the players from Thohoyandou where they are currently based. Meanwhile, SunSport understands that Oupa “Ace” Manyisa and Joseph “Tight” Molangoane are contractually still part of the club. Our source revealed that Manyisa was still training with the club in Limpopo where they were playing friendlies. Manyisa and Molangoane are in a legal wrangle with TTM’s Mulaudzi over outstanding September salaries. Manyisa signed a contract with TTM on 27 September while Molangoane put pen to paper a day prior. But SunSport has learnt that they were demanding the month’s salary, but the club only paid them for October. “It only makes sense that they be paid for October and not September, a month when they were still in negotiations. When you get employed on the 20th of the month, you don’t expect a full salary for that month,” said our deep throat. SunSport can further reveal that Tshegofatso Mabaso and Sello Motsepe have joined TTM and are in the process to be registered with PSL as players for the current 2020-21 DStv Premiership. The club is believed to be in negotiations with Mamelodi Sundowns in an effort to rope in goalkeeper Jody February. “I can tell you now that TTM have already approached Sundowns and if all goes well then he might be with them on 1 December,” revealed our source, while also hinting that AmaZulu’s Tebogo Moerane could also move to the club. Coach Joel Masutha can also have a second assistant coach in Solly Luvhengo, who’s been approached to help in the club’s technical team. “Looks like the club is now in safe hands. The Ntsoko weekend reports are nothing but the truth. There’s a glimmer of hope for the club, only if they keep their promise to the players.” Another source said TTM players could join in the group of well-paid players as salaries and bonuses are set to increase two-fold. “They want to entice the players with a R5 000 win bonus throughout the season. But I understand they’ve structured it with three straight wins where they might get between R15 000 and R20 000,” said the mole.