 THERE WAS a time when Andries Moloi was a rich man who invested in the church. Slowly but surely, the church terrorised him. AND THE THREAT OF DEADLY HOLY OIL HUNG OVER HIM! Andries Moloi, a former elder of the Rivers of Living Waters Church led by Bishop Stephen Zondo told the CRL Rights commission yesterday not only has the church left him broke, it preached about deadly holy oil that would be used against members who stood against it. He said Zondo said nothing when he approached him about the deadly oil. Not only was he shocked by Zondo’s behaviour, the church left him financially broke. The commission is holding a hearing into financial and sexual abuse allegations levelled at Zondo. Throughout the week there was explosive testimony about sexual abuse, death threats by former congregants including Zondo’s sister, Khabo. Andries joined the church in 2011 after listening to Zondo’s sermons on TV. Zondo was his spiritual father on whom he spent huge amounts ranging from R3 000 to R10 000 to help maintain the church’s branch in Springs, Ekurhuleni. “When I joined I had money. But when I was broke I became the church laughing stock,” he said. “I was called names and told I was stupid after spending all my money in the same church to see it prosper.” Andries said he knew something was wrong when he heard Zondo’s pastor preaching about killing. “The pastor was saying he could use red oil mixed with sand to kill. “He gave an example of a known car thief who’d been hit by a speeding car. He said that’s what happens when he used his oil on a person. “I was shocked that people came to church to seek help and comfort yet they preached about killing. I knew something wasn’t right.” He told Zondo about the pastor, but no action was taken against him. “My kids warned me about the church and refused to attend. I’m grateful they didn’t follow me. I don’t think his powers are from God.” Earlier yesterday, the commission heard testimony from a married woman who detailed how she was sexually abused. She refused to testify in the presence of the media. Commission chairman, David Mosoma, said the woman’s testimony wasn’t different from what they’d heard thus far. Mosoma said the woman told the commission how she used to receive calls of a sexual nature in the evening, and how the sexual abuse didn’t only happen to her but to friends and family members. “The use of the spirit of the dead and spirit of a demon are some of the allegations that have been revealed to this commission.” A number of other witnesses who volunteered to come yesterday didn’t pitch. Mosoma said: “Some of them promised they were on their way and others turned off their phones. We can only guess something may have happened. What it is we don’t know.” More witnesses are expected to come forward next week. The commission said Zondo would be given a chance to respond to the allegations. If he didn’t show up he’d be summoned. Commission spokesman, Mpiyakhe Mkholo, said all victims of sexual abuse who’ve appeared before the commission opened criminal cases. Police are investigating the shocking allegations.