THE Communication Workers Union (CWU) is asking for the SABC board to vul’igate for all the retrenched workers. On Friday, 20 November, the organisation, supported by the ANC Youth League as well as other political parties, handed over a memorandum of grievances regarding the proposed retrenchments at the public broadcaster. Speaking at the picket that was held at the gates of the public broadcaster, leader of the CWU Aubrey Tshabalala thanked everyone who attended. “Thank you to everyone who took their time to come and support us in this vital fight. Every political party is here and we appreciate that.” Tshabalala further thanked SABC workers who were outside with them. “Thank you to all the workers who are here fighting, we see you Mzwandile Mbeje, Sophie Mokoena as well as Chriselda Lewis,” he said. Reading the memorandum, Tshabalala said they are not accepting the SABC’s plan to can some of the SABC shows which they claim are not commercially viable.  “Our indigenous languages are under threat, as they are planning to cut some shows that are presented in our African languages,” he said. “This means that they are reversing all the gains that were made in 1994. Languages like Tsonga and Ndebele are under threat. “We call upon all South Africans to heed the call of saving jobs and cut salaries of executives. “We are also calling upon the government to loosen up the regulations, to allow the SABC to explore other dynamics within the space of broadcasting.” Tshabalala further said they are calling for a proper skills audit. “We have said this before and we are repeating it again, we have many workers that are highly skilled at the SABC, but they are underpaid, while those who aren’t are earning much better without matric. We want to correct that particular point,” he said. Tshabalala said their strike demands are simple.  “We are demanding that the management withdraws all dismissal letters that they gave to workers since the beginning of this week with immediate effect,” he said. Tshabalala handed over the memorandum to group CEO Madoda Mxakwe who acknowledged it. “Thank you very much, we have received the memorandum. We will then take it to the board of the SABC and once the response has been submitted we will then engage with the relevant leadership organisations in terms of the outcome.”