NEWLY appointed Baroka head coach, Matsimela Thoka, has endorsed the appointment of former players and local coaches in the DStv Premiership this season. Thoka said it’s about time young Southern African coaches are given a chance in the top flight and that clubs shouldn’t employ Europeans all the time. Thoka, who replaced the sacked Englishman Dylan Kerr on Friday, spoke to SunSport yesterday looking at the likes of Joel Masutha (Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila), John Maduka (Bloemfontein Celtic, Malawi), Lehlohonolo Seema (Chippa United, Lesotho,who is now a South African citizen), Ayanda Dlamini (AmaZulu), Mandla Ncikazi (Golden Arrows), and Brandon Truter (Moroka Swallows). These clubs have all rookie coaches and have been given a chance to show what they can do in their respective teams in the Premiership this season. This season, there are currently three Europeans based coaches in the PSL – Patrick Aussems (Black Leopards), Josef Zinnbauer (Orlando Pirates) and Jan Olde Riekerink (Cape Town City) “I am happy to be given a chance to lead Baroka in the top flight,” said Thoka. “I am thankful to the club management for giving me this chance. They (management) gave me this chance because they saw something good in me. I promise to do my level best to help Baroka grow and also for me to grow as a young coach. “I have learnt a lot from many coaches I worked with at Baroka when I was still an assistant coach. I think it’s good for PSL club bosses to empower former players and local coaches. I am happy former players and young coaches are dominating this season. I have nothing against European coaches, but it’s time we also give young Southern Africa coaches a chance.” He added: “Look at Safa, they have appointed a young local coach in Molefi Ntseki to lead Bafana Bafana, which to me is a good thing. I am also positive that Molefi will deliver for Bafana, same as Desiree Ellis at Banyana Banyana and Basetsana and Bantwane. Look at the SA Unders-23s under David Notoane.” Thoka has been in charge of Baroka since the start of this season, but on an interim basis. And in three matches in charge of Bakgaga, Thoka has done a good job leading the club to two wins and one draw. Baroka are second on the log with the same seven points with leaders and defending champions, Mamelodi Sundowns.