The SPAR Proteas will be back in action later this month. After 10 months of no action, Spar Proteas will face off against the Malawi Queens in a three match series between the 26th to 30th November in Rustenburg. They were last in action in January 2020 during the Vitality Netball Nations. Head Coach Dorette Badenhorst spent time at the recently concluded Telkom Netball League where she was assessing players she would like to incorporate into the national team set up as the country gears up for the 2023 Netball World Cup. Director of Selections Mpumi Javu together with the selectors and SPAR Proteas Coach Dorette Badenhorst have sat and looked at various players who could possibly be part of the national team set up. Javu has expressed her satisfaction in the provisional squad selected by the selectors and coach. The coach has called up a provisional squad of 30 players who will partake in a three day training camp from the 22nd of November in Sun City before a final team of 15 players is confirmed. This final team will then play in the SPAR Challenge Series against Malawi. “2020 has been a very challenging year for Netball South Africa as we have had to reshuffle and revise our events calendar for the year, some of the things we had planned on doing have had to fall off due to Coronavirus and the subsequent lockdown that came with it," said Cecilia Molokwane, Netball South Africa President. "We were all concerned that we may not see our national team compete this year, I am delighted that we will have the SPAR Challenge series taking place this year against Malawi." The selected provisional squad: Defence: Phumza Maweni; Karla Pretorius; Nozipho Ntshangase; Nicola Smith; Shadine van der Merwe; Monique Reyneke; Ané Retief; Pamela Chukwu; Fezeka Sondzaba; Bongise Wete Mid court: Izette Griesel; Bongiwe Msomi; Romé Joubert; Khanyisa Chawane; Marlize de Bruin; Lungile Mthembu; Shannen Bartlett; Tshina Mdau; Sikholiwe Mdletshe; Precious Mthembu Shooters: Lefébre Rademan; Kamogelo Maseko; Nichole Taljaard; Nomfundo Mngomezulu; Renske Stoltz; Sigi Burger; Nonsikelelo Mazibuko; Elmeré van der Berg; Ine-Marí Venter; Lenize Potgieternd that it will encourage you to return in the future,” said Mike Prentice, Group Marketing Executive at the SPAR Group. Because of the current lockdown regulations and restrictions, the 2020 SPAR Challenge Series will be played in a bubble environment with no spectators allowed According to the International Netball Federation (INF), South Africa and Malawi are ranked 5th and 6th in the world respectively and are both highest ranked in the continent. “As a team, we have been challenged by a difficult year riddled with COVID-19, we are thankful for the opportunity to play an International game this year. Playing against any African country is never easy, but this will be a great challenge for the players, and we are looking forward to building the team,” – Dorette Badenhorst, SPAR Proteas Head Coach. This will be the first time that the two countries clash since the 2019 Africa Netball Africa Cup which South Africa won last year in Cape Town.