    Panyaza Sifuna imali yethu "Panyanza we want our money". This is an order from the
angry teachers and support staff from Siyaphambili High School in Orange Farm. On Friday they protested
outside the Gauteng Department of Education in Jozi demanding their subsidy to
be paid. More than 50 staff members
of Siyaphambili High School marched to the GDE head office in Sauer Street to
protest against the department for failing to pay the school’s subsidy. According to Lazarus
Vedada, head of the school procurement, other schools in Gauteng were allocated
subsidies by the department on Tuesday, however, Siyaphambili High School was
sidelined without valid reasons from the department. He said: “No one from the
department has informed us why we didn’t the subsidy. “This is unfair to us and
we feel neglected and undermined by the department,” He said the school has no
PPE equipment and yet the department wants them to work.  “Our lives are in danger
and these officials don’t care because they are sitting in their comfort of
offices. Gauteng Education
spokesman, Steve Mabona said they have withdrawn the subsidy because the school
did not conform to the public finance management regulations. Their financial statement
has been found to be fraudulent because they were using an audit firm that
confirmed they don’t know anything about the statement.  “This means that since 2012
they were submitting such fraudulent financial statements as the department, we
have the responsibility to withhold and payment if such transgressions are
found." The school executive
director, Solly MKhabela said the department is shifting the blame. "Since 1998 the
department is the one that has been giving us audit firm companies to deal with
our finances. "Last year we had the
same problem, but they ended up paying the subsidy. We have been following the
procedure, so we don't understand why they say we used fraudulent
documents." The teachers and support
staff said they will continue protesting on Monday, and if their demands are
not meet, they will disrupt the matric exams.    