Eastern Cape police have nabbed the alleged killer of six family members who died in a massacre. The six deceased includes Azakhiwe Mhlanti(10), Ibanathi Mhlanti (8), Wineka Mhlanti (5), Thoko Mhlanti (5), Luphumlo John Mhlanti (6 months) and their mother Nomzamo Mhlanti (42) who were brutally killed on Tuesday night allegedly by the boyfriend of Nomzamo. The 32-year-old suspect was arrested on Thursday night hiding in Ginsberg, King William’s Town. The arrest follows after the Provincial SAPS Commissioner Lieutenant General Liziwe Ntshinga ordered an immediate activation of the 72-hour plan which subsequently made the work of the investigating team easy. According to the family, three of the five children twins Wineka Mhlanti (5), Thoko Mhlanti (5) and 6-month-old Luphumlo Mhlanti (6 months) belong to the suspect who is a Mozambican citizen. The gruesome killing which took place in Sidabekweni locality, near Mqanduli, shocked the country as it happened during the 16 days of activism against gender-based violence. Baliswa Sikhundwana, who is the sister of the late Nomzamo, claimed the boyfriend had been abusing her sister and kids for years and she was in the process of leaving the boyfriend. ALSO READ: MASSACRE: FAMILY SPEAKS! It’s alleged that the deceased were killed with an axe. Nomzamo’s mum, Nolungile Sikhundwana, urged that the suspect must rot in jail. Nolungile further urged people to assist the family to bury the six deceased as they are from a disadvantaged family. What also surprised the family is that the suspect ran away with Sassa grant cards of all the five children and damaged the identity document of Nomzamo. According to the police at the time of the arrest the suspect is believed to have been preparing to flee South Africa back to his home country. The 32-year-old is expected to appear at Mqanduli Magistrates Court next week on Monday, 30 November. Meanwhile Lieutenant General Ntshinga said: “I am truly excited at this major breakthrough by the integration of capable and proficient detectives. “Their sleepless nights of investigation have paid dividends. The suspect must now face the law. Crimes against women and children are a top priority of the South African Police Service, therefore our communities must not only hear this but must see its manifestations in the outcomes of the work that we do,” she said.