BOBO Mbhele’s family has come out to complain about the entertainer’s manager, Mafutha Sokhela. Bobo is trending for his famous line “IlwaNtomboo…ungavumi ukuba mubi.” In a video clip, his family complains that Bobo is acting like a slay queen, but he has nothing to show for it. The video was shot on 7 November by Nhlanhla Sibisi. Bobo’s sisters, Nozipho and Sibongile, can be seen inside the house. Bobo can also be seen sitting on the edge of the bed. Then Nhlanhla starts explaining that Nozipho is Bobo’s legal guardian. “Here is Bobo’s legal guardian,” then he makes a mocking laugh. “I don’t care if he’s not smiling. South Africa, if you want to help Bobo with weaves or anything else, this is where Bobo stays. This is where he sleeps. So I am not here to do anything but if you want to help him via me, please understand that I took the blessing from Bobo’s family. Bobo doesn’t eat weaves, he doesn’t eat make-up or even fake eyelashes,” says Nhlahla in the video. “He’s a brand with a huge following but that doesn’t match his living standards. We are not trying to bad mouth anyone,” continues Nhlanhla. Then Nozipho confirms what Nhlanhla said earlier. “I am asking the nation to help Bobo. He is a slay queen who wears make-up, weaves and eyelashes, but he doesn’t make money. He has nothing to show. He gets nothing from his gigs. He has a manager and we know his manager’s house is beautiful, but Bobo’s house is an embarrassment. He sleeps on a single bed, he has no TV and no fridge. I am speaking as Bobo’s sister and his legal guardian,” says Nozipho in the video. ALSO READ | KINGS OF JOBURG Sibongile then says: “His manager is exploiting him. He only wants to gain through Bobo. His living condition doesn’t match his popularity. Wearing weaves, eyelashes and nails will not help him.” But when Daily Sun contacted Nozipho, she changed the story. She said: “We were fooled by Nhlanhla and everything we said on that video is a lie. Nhlanhla is jealous of Mafutha and he wanted to steal Bobo from Mafutha. He basically wanted Bobo to travel with him and sing gospel. He then fooled us and made us to say all those horrible things about Mafutha. As Bobo’s family, we can confirm that Bobo is not making any money and we are often with Bobo wherever he goes.” Nhlanhla defended himself and said: “I made the video because I wanted the nation to see who is Bobo in real life. I wanted people to see that his fame doesn’t match his living standard. I still maintain that Mafutha is exploiting Bobo. He is his cash cow and I would like people to see this.” Mafutha said: “I saw the video and I was disturbed, mainly because I’m working hard to build Bobo’s brand. At the moment, Bobo is not making money and I am using my own money to finance his lifestyle. But Nhlanhla decided to kill Bobo’s brand. In the process he is destroying my hard work. I am hurt but I will still push Bobo’s brand.” 