WATCHING Molefi Ntseki’s face in the first half of Bafana Bafana’s Afcon qualifier against Sao Tome Principe in Durban brought about memories of Carlos Alberto Parreira on 16 June 2010 when the 2010 Fifa World Cup hosts lost 3-0 to Uruguay. It certainly was not a happy face as he knew anything lesser than a win will lead to him being fired, unless he applies drastic changes to turn around the situation. And indeed Ntseki introduced Bongani Zungu in the second half, who changed the complexion of the match, leading to a 2-0 first leg win with goals from Percy Tau and Zungu himself. The same frowning face, characterised by a furrowing of one’s brows, repeated itself when Sao Tome held their own against Bafana in the second leg of their qualifier in Port Elizabeth, and by then the score was 2-2. But a couple of tactical changes to the team saw Tau and Themba Zwane dominate play and slotted home a brace apiece to win 4-2. Lesson here: you’re not as superior as you think you are. It was just a matter of divine intervention that Bafana managed to collect six points against the Central African farmers, which must send shivers down the spine of Ntseki. Next he has Ghana and Sudan, teams that are not upstarts such as the Equater boys who came to these qualifiers just to test the waters, and they nearly caused an upset at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. Now the tables have been turned, with Sudan having pulled a number on Ghana and now the Group C table has been thrown wide open for either of the top three standing a chance of securing plane ticket to Cameroon. One must drop, who will it be? If you ask me, should Bafana face the next two matches the same way they approached Sao Tome, God forbid, but Ghana and Sudan will qualify for 2022 Afcon, and Bafana will be the biggest losers. It baffles the mind why Bafana didn’t punish the fishermen by an avalanche of goals when we consider ourselves one among the “first world” countries in Africa, when it comes to football. The reality is the Sao Tome population of 200 000 can be fitted into FNB Stadium in two days, which is a drop in the ocean when it comes to the 57 million people in South Africa. Much as Zungu might have called us fans to order, as to why we complain when they have won, and we complain when they don’t, fact is that this is our national team and everyone reserves rights to have an opinion. My opinion, Ntseki had the quality of players and he nearly used them accordingly. But in future, he knows now what to do when Ghana come about in March next year. This is three months from now onwards, which means he must spend time in Danny Jordaan and Tebogo Motlanthe’s offices nagging them about securing at least three friendlies before March – if he’s indeed serious about qualifying for Afcon 2022. South African national team coaches have fallen by the wayside because of little mistakes of turning a blind eye on having players spend time together, as they prepare for an important outing. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Mathews_Mpete