FORMER SAA Technical (SAAT) board chairwoman Yakhe Kwinana denied she solicited a bribe from a tender bidder. Giving evidence at the Zondo Commission today, Kwinana said the allegations were false. She labelled businesswoman Sibongile Sambo, who made these allegations at the commission, “a pathological and blatant liar”. Sambo, who is the founder and director of SRS Aviation, testified that Kwinana met her on more than one occasion, where she allegedly said she wanted to get her hands on three big tenders before she left SAAT. She claimed Kwinana told her she was going to help the US-based AAR to get a R1,4 billion components tender in exchange for R100 million. Kwinana said she considered the claim that she tried to solicit a bribe nonsense. “If I wanted a bribe from AAR, I’d simply go to AAR. Why would I go to her? I hope your investigators have gone to AAR to ask if I indeed solicited a bribe,” Kwinana said. She admitted that she was flown in a private jet, together with other SAA board members, to the AAR premises in Chicago in May 2015, and was driven in a limousine and wined and dinned at expensive restaurants. She said when she took the trip, she was not aware that there was a tender out and that AAR was bidding for it.  “I don’t regard it as irregular because the only time the board knows if there is a tender is when the delegation of authority is required,” said Kwinana. Commission chairman, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, asked if she really saw nothing wrong in taking the sponsored trip by AAR to which Kwinana responded in the affirmative. Kwinana said the purpose of the trip was to confirm the resources AAR said they had on paper. After the US trip, SAA and AAR signed a memorandum of understanding, which was to expire in six months. The tender was eventually unlawfully awarded in May 2016 to AAR and its SA-based partner JM Aviation. Kwinana denied that she was influenced by the treats she received while in Chicago. “The trip had no influence on my decision. I was in a position to wine and dine myself,” she said. The commission heard that Kwinana spoke to JM director, Vuyisile Ndzeku, the night before the tender was awarded. Kwinana said there was nothing wrong with them speaking as they didn’t speak about the tender. In an affidavit to the commission, former SAAT acting CEO Arson Malola-Phiri said Kwinana “locked” them in a room and said no one would leave until the AAR contract was signed. He said Kwinana’s tone bordered on aggression. The inquiry has heard that the 30% of a procurement budget at SAA was set aside for certain companies that SAA would do business with.