AUSTRALIAN-based South African former world champion Lovemore “The Black Panther” Ndou has added another feather to his cap. Ndou, a former celebrated world champion turned lawyer, has written an autobiography about his tough upbringing in South Africa. His inspirational book, titled Tough Love, was launched two weeks ago in Australia and it’s expected to be released in South Africa, America and the United Kingdom early next year. The 49-year-old legal eagle believes his story will motivate and inspire a lot of youngsters. “The book is about my life journey. I wanted to share my story because I believe it can inspire a lot of people, especially the younger generation,” he said. “The plan was to launch it back home in South Africa this year. However, the Covid-19 pandemic knocked everything back due to travel restrictions and quarantine protocols. “Now I’m planning to launch it in South Africa, America and United Kingdom in April and May next year, but for those who can’t wait for next year they can still order online.” Ndou, who has seven academic degrees, said the book took him four years to complete. The message he wants to put across is that in life there is nothing impossible. “I grew up in apartheid South Africa and I came from a poor family. I started school at the age of nine and yet I was committed on educating myself, making the most of my life and I optimised the value of education,” he said. Ndou, who won three world titles during his illustrious boxing career, runs his successful law firm in Rockdale, Sydney. The former International Boxing Federation champion and Australian Boxing Hall of Fame inductee believes his upbringing and the challenges he faced growing up was his key motivation. “I have experienced poverty and injustices of the apartheid system and I’m also a victim of police brutality. I also witnessed atrocities committed against my family and the community. But against all odds, I succeeded and rose through the ranks and become a world champion, Hall of Fame inductee and now a successful lawyer. I believe my story is worth sharing,” said Ndou.