THE winds of change are blowing. With these words, Sierra Leone FA president Isha Johansen aptly described imminent changes in the leadership of the Confederation of African Football (Caf). Johansen, one of the few women in the world heading a football federation, has thrown her weight behind Mzansi billionaire Patrice Motsepe for the Caf presidency. Like others who have so far endorsed Motsepe’s candidacy, Johansen reckons it is time for a change in how African football is run. Football needs to attract business investment and that means getting the right person behind the wheel to steer it in the right direction. Whether or not Motsepe will topple incumbent Ahmad Ahmad and ascend to the top office in Cairo remains to be seen. Several other candidates, including Jacques Anouma of Ivory Coast, have thrown their names in the hat for the position. Motsepe is truly a surprise candidate, nominated by the SA Football Association, that has turned its back on Ahmad. But what distinguishes Motsepe from the rest is that he brings with him his business acumen to the debate and not solely experience as a football administrator. That Mamelodi Sundowns have won the Caf Champions League and dining with the likes of Al Ahly, TP Mazembe and Wydad Athletics on Africa’s top table these days, is a testament to his administrative acumen. Of course, as in any football election, there is the wheeling and dealing, the behind-the-scenes horse-trading. And Safa president Danny Jordaan is getting on a campaign trail, 2010 World Cup bid-style, to canvass more support for his candidate. He strongly believes the continent will embrace the mining mogul to succeed Ahmad as the fourth Caf president, a first president from a non-Francophone country. He believes the appointment of Motsepe will usher in a new era for African football, but more importantly, attract investment for the continent with the most number of federations, but underrepresented in world football. As Jordaan said, Motsepe’s nomination is a move from the “boardroom to the dressing-room”. This means Safa is going against Cosafa, who have publicly expressed support for Ahmad. However, Jordaan has informed Ahmad of Safa’s decision, explaining they are backing someone with the characteristics to lead Caf to prosperity. “When you go into a competition‚ you must be sure that the victory path you pursue is based on your strengths and not your opponent’s perceived or weaknesses. You can never win on the perceived problems or weaknesses of your opposition. You can only win on your strengths. Go and ask Kaizer Chiefs,” added Jordaan. Not since Issa Hayatou departed office four years ago has the Caf presidential race truly been a contest. Motsepe doesn’t take kindly to losing and he certainly won’t go into a race without the prospect of success. ) Interact with Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso