TS GALAXY coach Dan “Dance” Malesela wants to make Mbombela Stadium their fortress this season starting Saturday when they host Golden Arrows at Mbombela Stadium (3.30pm). The experienced coach believes that banking on their home ground advantage would be key for them this season as they are looking at impressing. It has become a norm to see teams from the lower league struggling after promotion to the DStv Premiership and find themselves in a relegation dogfight towards the end of the season. With Galaxy, Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila as well as Swallows FC making their debut in the elite league, all eyes will be on them. Malesela is looking at getting at least 40 points from their home games. “I think that is what you need to do with your home ground, (make it a fortress) otherwise why do you have something you call a home ground if you can’t use it to the maximum?” Malesela said. “We should get opponents worried when they come to our home ground and say these people don’t lose at home. “We need to win at home at all times so that people be aware, psychologically you need to have that effect on them. "If you win all your home games you are sitting with 45 points then you pick up points there and there it puts you in a good position, it is not an easy task but something that can be achieved.” In four matches Galaxy are yet to lose having drawn three and won once. Malesela said they could have done better in the past games to make sure they remain within their target. “With our target, the Arrows match becomes a must-win game obviously because we are playing at home. This will be our second match at home we need to get those points to reach our target.” Galaxy have not conceded in their past three matches where they defeated AmaZulu 1-0 and drew 0-0 with Kaizer Chiefs and Swallows respectively. Malesela said they need to be more clinical but he is happy with the clean sheets. “I always say that if you keep clean sheets you are in a chance of winning a match. You will never lose if you keep clean sheets. As long as we do not concede it is a good thing.”