MZANSI retail store Mr Price came under fire on social media after their launch of a kasi container shop. The first of the container stores was launched in Illovo in KZN and the pictures have been doing the rounds on social media since the weekend. Matthew Warriner, Mr Price’s head of investor relations and corporate communications, said the group’s new micro store concept aims to bring fashion closer to the community.  But this concept received mixed reactions from people. While some were happy with saving money spent to get to the malls and the boost in kasi employment, some are worried about what this could mean for local residents’ businesses. This concept was first introduced by Shoprite’s USave Kasi container shops that were launched in kasis. Pick n Pay followed with their franchise model, where it partnered with local spaza owners. Taking to social media, some people mentioned their concerns for entrepreneurs who are already trying to make ends meet ekasi, while some criticised the use of containers instead of buildings. “Our township industries are under threat. White big businesses want to take over. We have a Shoprite container and Mr Price containers posing as spaza shops,” social media user Bonga said. Because our township industries are under threat , White big businesses want to take over , we have a shoprite container and Mr price containers posing as spaza shops  GU This is nonsense. Mr Price. This is a way of perpetual poverty for blacks. Why should blacks shop for clothes in a tin container. This is customer abuse. Please respect our black brothers and sisters. They deserve better. https://t.co/b926r9JT6A expressed that containers are customer abuse: “This is nonsense, Mr Price. This is a way of perpetual poverty for blacks. Why should blacks shop for clothes in a tin container? This is customer abuse. Please respect our black brothers and sisters. They deserve better."  “I am offended by this, so as a black nation we don’t deserve a proper store than a container? Mr Price should just bring a proper store to revitalise the economy in the right manner.” Wayne Harper tweeted: “We’ve gotten to a point where you can literally get away with anything in this country under the guise of job creation. That’s how bad things are. Forget whether it’s a fair income and you can actually thrive off it.” We've gotten to a point where u can literally getting away with anything in this country under the guise of job creation. That's how bad things are. Forget whether it's a fair income and u can actually thrive off it.Nah. Employment. Take it or leave it.  Warriner said customers have been asking for the stores to get closer and that’s what they did. “Our customers have been asking us to become even more accessible … and this one-store test is to provide customers with a convenient shopping option, saving them from the time and cost of travelling to shop at Mr Price,” he said. There was also some praise. “Great move by Mr Price. I spend R120 to go to town. With these containers nearby I am going to save a lot on transport,” Twitter user Mabula said. Great move by Mr Price, I spend R120 to go to town. With this containers nearby I am going to save a lot on transport ??????  Alec Abraham, equity analyst at Sasfin Wealth, also welcomed Mr Price’s new venture, saying the response and support from the local community has blown them away.