GIVEN Msimango was among players whose futures appeared uncertain following the recent emotive acquisition of Highlands Park Football Club’s status by TS Galaxy. Now, he is reveling in the glory and history of being the first player to captain the newcomers in the topflight and leading them to their first victory in the DStv Premiership. One of the youngest captains (aged 23) in the league, the Brakpan-born defender-cum-midfielder expressed excitement at this piece of history, which also represents a rapid change in fortunes after limited game time with Highlands Park. “Having made history with TS Galaxy, being their first captain and winning our first home game, was really an amazing and satisfying feeling,” he said in an interview with CAJ News Africa. Galaxy’s first match was a one-all draw away to fellow newcomers Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila at Thohoyandou Stadium on October 25. They followed that up with a 1-0 win against AmaZulu at home in Mbombela Stadium last Wednesday. “I’m truly honored to have been given this opportunity by our chairman (Tim Sukazi) and coaches (led by Dan Malesela). This shall go down as a huge accomplishment in my career,” Msimango said. He disclosed his surprise at being chosen to lead the side ahead of experienced players, including Bevan Fransman, who captained Highlands Park, Karabo Tshepe and Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane. “It came as a huge surprise being given the armband considering the amount of experience we have in the team,” Msimango said. “Fransman, Karabo and Yeye are exceptional leaders. I’m truly proud to be a leader among leaders. Their support has been fundamental in the team as they been there and done that. It’s really a huge boost learning from them.” The Rockets face their biggest task thus far in the DStv Premiership when they visit Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Wednesday. Msimango said the Mpumalanga-based side was not reading much into the faded giants’ poor start to the season and off-field crisis. Chiefs have suffered 3-0 defeats against Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates in the league and MTN8 respectively. A late own goal against Chippa United gave them a first win (1-0) of the campaign. The Court of Arbitration for Sport has also dismissed Chiefs’ appeal against a two-window transfer ban. “We are not taking anything away from Chiefs,” the Galaxy skipper said. “They have a lot of quality. Their weekend cup (MTN8) results will not be a factor because on the day, anything can happen. We need to apply ourselves well and give maximum effort against them.” Nonetheless, he maintained his side was motivated. “The mood is great coming from a good result for us from the first two games. We are looking forward to Wednesday’s game.” Galaxy famously beat Chiefs in the 2018/19 Nedbank Cup final to become the only first division side to win South Africa’s premier cup competition. Msimango meanwhile disclosed the team’s mandate for their debut season. “Our mandate is a simple yet difficult one,” he said. “It is to compete in every match, be it a cup or the league, and to entertain our fans with beautiful football,” Msimango explained.Apart from his leadership qualities, he is equally lauded for not abandoning his studies. He studies Business Management at a local university. “It hasn’t been an easy year for me academically,” Msimango said.“However, the pandemic and the six months of lockdown while football was on a break provided me with the opportunity to focus more on studies. I’m now finding my balance again and looking forward to the 20/21 football and academic year,” he concluded.- CAJ News