GASTON Sirino wants out of Mamelodi Sundowns! The mercurial midfielder has confirmed he has sent in a transfer request as he hankers for a move to Al Ahly. Sirino has been linked with a mega-money move to the Egyptians giants, looking to reunite with his former coach Pitso Mosimane. But the Uruguayan revealed he is facing an uphill battle getting out of his contract at the nouveau-rich Brazilians. “I’ve had several meetings with Sundowns. They have an offer on the table and don’t want to accept and let me go,” Sirino told SunSport. The club are not eager to let go of their prized asset, who signed a contract extension in June that’ll keep him at Chloorkop until 2025. “I’m happy to extend my contract at the club. My family and I are happy and settled here, so that gives me comfort to push hard on the pitch,” Sirino said at the time. “I believe my best years are ahead of me and are confident we will add trophies with this group of players.” But that was before Mosimane, the man who brought him to Sundowns, left to join Al Ahly. Reports have suggested Sirino has already agreed a deal in principle to switch to Al Ahly, but Sundowns are holding out for much more than the rumoured R50 million offer. The Tshwane giants haven’t always been keen on letting go of their prized assets, particularly those on long-term deals. Notorious for turning down overseas bids they deem financially unsuitable, Sundowns have invariably blocked moves, the likes of Percy Tau, Siyanda Xulu, Katlego Mphela and Pa Gaxa having once been frustrated in their attempts to move. Sirino hasn’t featured much for the reigning league champions this season. He has only played in one MTN8 match, owing to a hamstring injury. Downs co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi dismissed talks the team could be sidelining the midfield star due to the on-going transfer speculation, explaining they didn’t want to rush him back after he suffered a grade two hamstring. The club couldn’t be reached for comment on the matter. Meanwhile, the Brazilians have a date with Stellenbosch FC where defender Sibusiso Mthethwa has vowed that they will do everything in their power to stop the rampant Tshwane giants. They have a DStv Premiership date with the champions at Loftus Versfeld Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm). The Brazilians’ new signings Peter Shalulile and Kermit Erasmus have slotted in seamlessly to their attack and are gelling well with Themba Zwane. This has seen the Tshwane giants swat aside just about every opponent they have faced in the league this season. The trio has scored the bulk of Downs’ goals this season and keeping them quiet has proved to be a near impossible task for their opponents so far. But Stellies centre back Mthethwa says they are fired up and looking forward to testing themselves against arguably the best attack in the league. Stellies, fresh from a 2-0 win over Chippa United in their last match, will travel to Tshwane hoping for another positive result. “They are a dangerous team but we believe in ourselves. We always fight for each other and the badge. “We believe we can win, we fear no one. We are ready,” said Mthethwa.