The brother of the late KZN Legislature deputy speaker, Mluleki Ndobe, pleaded with the media to stop mentioning that his brother was involved in the death of ANCYL leader Sibusiso Magaqa. Mzoli Ndobe said the police had brought back his brother’s belongings, which were taken when he was arrested as the matter had been withdrawn. Mzoli was speaking at Ndobe’s funeral held at Ntlabeni Sportfield in Umzimkhulu today.  He was given a provincial official funeral attended by several politicians, including Health Minister Zweli Mkhize, KZN Premier Sihle Zikalala, Minister of Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs Dr Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. Mzoli said the media should now stop linking his brother to the killing of Magaqa as he was not involved in it. He said Ndobe’s death has left the entire family distraught. “We will miss him and it will take time for us to heal,” he said. Speaking on behalf of the ANC, Dlamini-Zuma said: “I came to know Ndobe when this municipality was changed from Sisonke to Harry Gwala District municipality. He led with passion, empathy and love.”  She said Ndobe was a chairman and mayor at the time the region was unified. “He was a respectful man. He learned respect from home as well as the ANC. As the ANC we were still expecting a lot from him. Any every task he was given, he ensured that he did it with excellency. He also understood the value of education,” she said. Dlamini-Zuma said the ANC sent its heartfelt condolences to his wife and the entire family. “It’s going to be hard for his wife as she is left with the children but God will make a way for you,” she said. She said they would not forget him as his legacy will live on. Zikalala said: “If there is one thing we should all remember about Ndobe is that he understood that we are brought together by the party. Ndobe was a great leader. He insisted that leaders should take the most difficult tasks. We thank him for using his training and skill to uplift the party. He was admired and respected by the community of Umzimkhulu.”  Ndobe allegedly shot himself at his house in Glenwood, Durban. He was in and out of hospital as he was battling with cancer. Ndobe is survived by his wife Nobuhle Dlamini-Ndobe, children, four brothers and three sisters. 