THE South African National Defence Force is still waiting for the delivery of army vehicles which were ordered more than a decade ago. And there’s no certainty when Denel Land Systems (DLS) will make the delivery. Sipho Mkhwanazi, acting CEO of Acquisition and Supply Chain Management at Armaments Corporation of South Africa, told the Zondo Commission yesterday that DLS’ new proposed date is December 2023. “It’s difficult to say that with confidence. It’s all subject to Denel getting a bailout. If they don’t get it, it means they can’t buy critical parts and can’t pay suppliers,” he said. The first batch of vehicles were to be delivered in 2012. The commission heard that the process was still at a developmental stage. “The probability of achieving it is minimal,” said Mkhwanazi. Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo said this was unacceptable. “Has anybody been fired for not doing their job? It’s just unthinkable,” he said. He said this was the story of state-owned enterprises as they all appeared to be in serious trouble. “Were there no presidents who were supposed to make sure ministers did the job they were supposed to do? Were there no ministers who were supposed to see to it that the CEOs or boards did their job?  “These things just don’t happen overnight,” he said. Armscor is weighing the possibility of cancelling its contract with the arms manufacturer because of the delay. The procurement company placed an order to DLS on behalf of the defence force under Project Hoefyster. The commission heard earlier from Pieter Knoetze, former chief financial officer of DLS, that the company gave the cash-strapped Land Mobility Technologies (LMT) a bailout of R12,7 million in April 2010. The payment was made before DLS acquired the 51% shareholding in LMT in 2012. This happened despite a report by KPMG warning against the decision to acquire a majority stake in LMT. Knoetze said the aim of buying LMT was to make Denel a one-stop shop for people wanting arms-related equipment. He maintained that LMT was a good buy, as it had been a supplier for DLS for many years.  “The advanced payment was to secure certain assets of LMT and to minimise the risk that could be suffered by DLS. It was seen as a short-term solution to the problems experienced by LMT. LMT was also due to receive funding from the Industrial Development Corporation,” he said. Asked about the Gupta-linked owned company, VR Laser, being bought in into the contract, Knoetze said he was not part of the negotiations.