THE Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid) has confirmed that controversial self-proclaimed Prophet Shepherd Bushiri had opened a case of alleged police corruption and cash extortion at the Sunnyside Police Station in 2018. This comes after Bushiri and his wife fled the country on claims that they don’t feel safe in Mzansi. Bushiri has on several occasions claimed he’s been harassed by cops from 2017 to 2018 and opened a case against them. He also claimed the same cops, who have been trying to extort money from him, are the ones handling his fraud case now. Ipid spokeswoman Ndileka Cola confirmed a case was registered with them by Bushiri’s lawyers on his behalf. She said it was alleged the police officers investigating several allegations of rape against Bushiri were trying to extort money from him to make his rape charges disappear. “Bushiri, through his lawyer, reported the alleged police corruption to Ipid. As part of the investigation process, Ipid required Bushiri to provide crucial information about the allegations and acquire witness statements, but his non-availability due to his busy schedule has been giving Ipid investigators a challenge in proceeding with this case,” she said. Cola said as such, his poor co-operation, busy schedule and non-availability has stalled the investigation process because crucial information required to proceed with the investigation process is not forthcoming from him as the victim in this matter. She said Bushiri has been provided with feedback on the matter and is aware the investigator will proceed with his case as soon as he co-operates fully with the investigation. Meanwhile, the Bushiris are expected to hand themselves over to the Malawian authorities. Bushiri said the reason for this was to request their intervention so they can have a fair trial in Mzansi. The couple is currently the most wanted people by the South African authorities for defying their bail conditions by fleeing to their home country unlawfully.