SANGOMAS can wear stylish modern traditional clothe rather than just cloths and beads, says Kgomotso Mabunda, also known as Gogo Manjoro from Wattville, Ekurhuleni. Her label is called Livumile Clothing Brand, which she co-owns with her husband Nkululeko Gungqisa.  She said her ancestors came into her dreams last year and asked her to do research on the history of different cultures and African people’s heritage. They instructed her to create cultural spiritual garments which represent the lineage of African people. Kgomotso said she’s dominated by her maternal and paternal spirit guides, both from a royal lineage. “I never wanted to be in the fashion industry, but luckily for me my ancestors knew I love dressing well, looking good and presentable, and didn’t want to change that about me. They instead created a brand to accommodate who I am.”  She said she worked together with her ancestors to come with a solution to break the stigma about sangomas and to start a new culture that shows how spiritual healers can wear traditional garments in a stylish modern way that still represents their gifts in a dignified manner. She said her clothing can be worn by sangomas and everyone else. “Being inyanga does not separate me from God. You can’t separate God from your gift, because without him there would be no gift. In everything I do, I pray to the higher power, then I thank my ancestors for always working hand in hand with God.” Kgomotso said her earliest encounter with abantu abadala was when she was seven. “I used to have dreams mapping out my spiritual journey. I would dream of my late grandparents whom I never met in real life, and when I described these dreams to my parents, they knew I was the one chosen to carry this gift of light.”  She ignored the calling, and when she was 25, her life took a turn for the worse, as she was followed by bad luck, losing friends and jobs. She then decided to undergo the ancestral calling a few years later, and now she’s a known tradition healer.