THE road to SA idols winner is getting closer and the
competition is getting tougher and tougher every week. Today the remaining idols contestants brought the stage
on fire with their showstopper performances. They opened up the show with Power is power by Sza. But sadly, Mzansi had to say goodbye to Jooma who was
eliminated at the beginning of the show. Individual performances kicked started with Zama who
performed a rendition of This Is What You Came For by Rihanna and Calvin
Harris. Randal said she was distracted. “You didn’t seem focused. If you are here next week you need
to get your head back,” he said. On the other hand, Somizi said Zama looked like she was
uncomfortable. “You looked like you wanted to finish performing,” he said. Mr music followed with Black Diamond’s Woza My Love. Unathi was happy with his performance. “This is what you do with a showstopper. “All we wanted was your level best and that’s what you did,”
she said But Somizi was not that impressed with Mr Music’s
performance. “Today I want sweat and it hasn’t come yet,” he said. Ndoni performed Already by Beyonce. Somizi said it was beautiful. “I enjoyed your effort and vocals and you deserve to be in
the next round,” he said. Unathi said she did her best. Bongi performed Dejavu also by Beyonce. Randel said her song choice was inspiring. Unathi disagreed with him. “You started counting yourself from the beginning and you
forgot the lyrics and it was distracting. I think you’ve had better
performances,” she said. Following Bongi’s performance was Branden who performed Post
Malone’s Circles. Unathi said he expects more from him. “This year’s group is not pushing themselves,” she said. ZanoThando did Chris Brown’s These girls ain’t loyal. Somizi said he gave it his all. Randel said the song was a perfect fit for him. Unathi said she expected way more from him. Ntokozo took the stage with Break my heart by Dua Lipa. Randel said it was the performance of the night. Somizi gave her a whuuu shame of the night.