Kwaito record label 999 Music has a Kombi headache. This follows a two-year battle with a Midrand car dealership to get its Kombi back. 999 Music has resorted to take on Lindsay Saker Midrand to the Motor Industry Ombudsman after a two-year battle trying to get back its vibrant red company car, with the registration Chomee GP, a name associated with the label’s recording artist, whose real name is Thulisile Madihlaba. In an email dated 16 October, owner Arthur Mafokate enquired about the vehicle but did not get a response. He said: “Please let me know what’s happening with the CHOMEE GP Kombi. We are losing a lot of money by hiring other kombis while we have our own Kombi sitting at your garage. Please help by the end of today so that we avoid expenses that will be charged to your account should we incur them.” Speaking on behalf of Mafokate, the label’s operations manager Monde Pellem confirmed the legal action and explained the frustration the label had experienced in the past two years. ALSO READ: MEYIWAS GET TOMBSTONES AND COWS! Pellem went as far as blasting the dealership on their Facebook pages, explaining the ordeal. “In 2016 my work Kombi had water temp light on and engine temp would go to 100+. Booked the car in and they worked on it with a lot of misdiagnosis, namely: Faulty relay switch, water canister cap was leaking letting all the water out and the engine fan faulty, they disconnected it. We paid for all of their mishaps. In 2018, seeing that the problem still persisted we returned the Kombi to them. They kept it for almost 2 years. I was called to pick it up last week and returned their courtesy car only to find the Kombi is even worse than when I dropped it,” he wrote. Pellem explained that the car was taken there because his employer (Arthur) bought microbuses from Lindsay Saker before. “It’s been there for over two years and they’ve been making up stories and even offered to buy it from us on many occasions. The painful part is that we’ve continued to hire other Kombis and pay insurance for a car sitting at their garage,” said Pellem. “We are helpless but we would be happy with remuneration for our losses for hiring other Kombis as well as paying for insurance for over two years because of Lindsay Saker Midrand.” Approached for comment, the dealership acknowledged the complaint but was unable to comment further on the matter. “As far as we are aware, this customer has taken this case to the Motor Industry Ombudsman and we are bound by the rules and regulations laid out by the Ombudsman and in line with this, all communications need to go through their official channels with regards to this case,” said group marketing manager Kim Lau.