PATRICE Motsepe’s nomination for the Confederation of African Football (Caf) presidency is gaining momentum with Nigeria, Sierra Leone and Botswana having confirmed their endorsement of the Mamelodi Sundowns boss. Ivory Coast and some of the Cosafa regional members are also believed to be nodding their heads in support of Motsepe, although their endorsements are not yet put officially. The Caf Elective General Assembly will be held in Rabat, Morocco on 12 March next year. Motsepe could not be part of the briefing at Safa House yesterday when SA Football Association (Safa) president, Danny Jordaan, confirmed his endorsement. Motsepe is believed to be on a 10-day quarantine, like the incumbent Caf president Ahmad Ahmad. Nomination deadline is set for Thursday, but Jordaan said they have already thrown Motsepe’s name in the hat, and “our documents are already in Cairo as we speak”. Next to Jordaan was Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa, who has also pledged government’s support for the billionaire mining mogul. “African football has fallen behind Asia and it needs someone like Motsepe for it to regain its stature,” said Jordaan. “We are fully compliant. This is not just an application of South Africa but the continent. We have to be humble and we have spoken to our fellow FA presidents. “We’ve fallen behind Asia. Everybody invests all over and not in Africa. “We need to get back there. Then you have to ask, who is the right person? “What is required for the African continent to get the next level? What are the characteristics that the candidate brings? Once we had the answer, we then submitted our nomination.” The nomination of Motsepe has caught the football public by surprise, given that he has not held a leadership position in any local football organisation, except, of course, being the president of his club, Sundowns. But Jordaan insists his background in football will not prove a stumbling block, reasoning that it was only Safa that prohibits club owners from contesting the presidency. “Gianni Infantino was not a president of any FA when he was elected as the president of Fifa, nor was Sepp Blatter, Issa Hayatou and Joao Havelange. “So, it is not a requirement that you must be a national association president first. Yes, in the Safa constitution that is specific. Club bosses can’t contest the election. It’s a conflict of interest. But Caf has no such clause. From a governance standpoint, you’d have to step down. He (Motsepe) understands that.” But why is Safa endorsing Motsepe and not supporting the re-election of incumbent Ahmad? “Yes, Mr Motsepe is a busy man. But if you want to get a job done, find a busy person. He is very busy. But it’s about getting the right people in the structures. He is busy but if you look at his businesses, they are all successful. You don’t win an election through the perceived weaknesses of your opponent, but with your strengths. I have spoken to Ahmad about our nomination. “An English-speaking person has never been a president of Caf since its formation.”