THEY worked as miners 20 years ago and when they died, they were buried in shallow graves like dogs. The South African Destitute Ex-Miners Forum said many miners who died a long time ago at a mine in Westonaria, west of Joburg, were thrown in graves and buried. Now, the bones have started appearing above the ground. “There was no dignity,” said organiser Sakhele Kula. He said the men were thrown into graves with clothes on and their IDs or dompasses were thrown in with them. Sakhele said the families were not told and didn’t get the chance to say goodbye. For a miner of more than 20 years, he said a tree would be planted on top of the grave. Some of them came from Lesotho and Eswatini. “Some of the bones were dug out. With property development next to the graves, they dug up the graves, leaving the bones exposed,” said Sakhele. The forum went to the graves with Prophet Paseka “Mboro” Motsoeneng of Incredible Happenings Ministries, to help them get justice. It seems there were more than 200 miners buried there, but no one knows who took the bones. Sakhele said: “As a forum, we want justice. We want the remains to be given back to their families. “Families want to know what happened to their loved ones. We need to bring back our people’s dignity.” He thanked Prophet Mboro, who’s the president of the forum. Mboro told Daily Sun the dignity of the people was destroyed in the mines. “It was time someone took responsibility and did the right thing. Most Africans would want to know where their relatives are buried. “They also want to practise their cultures,” he said. “When you bury their loved ones without their knowledge, you deprive them of their rights.” He said the bones needed to be retrieved and given to families. Mmelisi Jonga from Mthatha said his father died in 1946 while working on the mine and was buried there. “Not knowing where my dad’s remains are has affected us. We couldn’t practise our culture at his grave and there have been a lot of suffering because of that. “People worked hard, but when they died, they were buried like dogs.” The forum called on unions for help. Efforts to reach the mine were unsuccessful.