PASTOR Timothy Omotoso was once again denied bail. This is the third time Omotoso has been denied bail. He was denied bail twice after he was found to be a flight risk.   On Wednesday, the Port Elizabeth High Court found that Omotoso’s flight risk status has been worsened after he was declared a prohibited person by Home Affairs and is likely to be deported. The 62-year-old televangelist has been in detention since 2017 after he was arrested at the Port Elizabeth International Airport. He and his co-accused Lusanda Sulani and Zukiswa Sitho, who are out on bail, face over 90 charges related to sexual offences. Delivering his judgment, Judge Phillip Zilwa said: “It was necessary for the court to compare alleged new facts with facts presented in previous bail applications in the magistrates court and the transcripts of the previous applications and judgments were placed before me. “Also the court took into consideration the documents and oral evidence testimony from six witnesses presented during the two weeks period of the bail application. “The claims made by defence that the applicant’s health is at risk and the risk of contracting Covid-19 while in prison forms any weight in the application because this is a general condition not only for prisoners but general public. For the fact that he is Covid-19 free by now shows that he is not at risk in prison. “The applicant was declared a prohibited person by Home Affairs and that alone made him a flight risk. Also his wife and son are standing a good chance of being deported, leaving him no family ties in the country.” ANC Women’s League president Bathabile Dlamini, who was present during the court proceeding, said we are happy with the court outcome. “We always complain about our justice system but today it has given hope and confidence to the victims of gender- based violence. The wheels of justice are starting to turn in favour of the victims,” she said. The matter has been postponed to next Monday for the bail application appeal arguments. The main trial was postponed to Tuesday.