THE diplomatic tangle sparked by the fugitive prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife, Mary, has plunged relations between South Africa and Malawi into their lowest point in 26 years. Nevertheless, if history is anything to go by, the parties that liberated these two countries have not always been comrades-in-arms. Ties between the Malawi Congress Party and the ANC have previously been testy. These ructions date back to the era of apartheid in South Africa. In 2008, the two governments signed a Memorandum of Understanding designed to enhance their relationship through enhanced security co-operation. When new Malawian President Lazarus Chakwera visited Mzansi last week, the tour was anticipated to strengthen relations. However, what has followed the Pretoria meeting between him and President Cyril Ramaphosa has been nothing short of a diplomatic disaster. The visit coincided with the Bushiris skipping South Africa to evade trial for fraud, theft and money laundering to the value of R102 million. The Bushiris resurfaced in their Malawi homeland, claiming their lives were in danger and chances of a fair trial were slim. There were even reports, since disputed by both governments, that the Bushiris fled in the same plane carrying Chakwera and his delegation. On Monday, 16 November, Malawi’s ministry of foreign affairs issued a strongly-worded statement criticising the treatment of Chakwera by South African authorities, upon the delegation’s return home. “Improper” and “breached diplomatic protocols” and “unspecified security reasons” were some terms used to denounce the alleged ill-treatment. The plane was delayed for seven hours, apparently to verify if the Bushiris were among the travelling contingent. “The treatment President Chakwera was subjected to upon his departure was improper and incongruous to the warm hospitality he received upon his arrival,” stated Malawi’s ministry of foreign affairs. On Tuesday, 17 November, South Africa’s parliamentary portfolio committee on international relations and co-operation expressed concern at the potential effect the Bushiris escape might have on diplomatic relations between South Africa and Malawi. Tandi Mahambehlala, the committee chairwoman, urged relevant departments in both countries to resolve the matter expeditiously. “It cannot be appropriate for Bushiri to pit regional trade partners against each other. Malawi and South Africa historically have strong bilateral and regional ties that ought to be strengthened and respected,” she said. – CAJ News