FORGOTTEN winger Siyabulela Shai is delighted to be afforded a fresh start by GladAfrica Championship outfit Sekhukhune United. Shai, the son of Mamelodi Sundowns legend Isaac Shai, was among the new players unveiled by Sekhukhune at the Malonjeni Guest Farm in Joburg last Thursday. Sekhukhune will be making their debut in the GladAfrica Championship. Sekhukhune are owned by the Malatjie family. They enter the professional ranks of Mzansi football after buying the status of Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). Shai was in the wilderness and was without a club for the whole of last season. He was previously at TTM in the 2018-19 season, but he only featured in four games. “It’s definitely a new start if people believe in you. You also got to believe in yourself,” said Shai. Despite his career not taking off, the 27-year-old was on Downs’ books when they won the league title in the 2015-16 season, although he didn’t play a single match. He also helped Chippa United win promotion from the National First Division in 2013-14 season, where he featured in 27 games and scored three goals. “I love football. I didn’t want to give up. And I’m grateful to Sekhukhune for giving me the opportunity to bounce back,” added Shai. Another player who is looking for a fresh start is former Orlando Pirates midfielder Yusuf Maart. He was also unveiled by Sekhukhune. Maart, who captained Pirates Reserve side, only featured in four games for Bucs before being loaned to Cape Umoya United. He was released by the Soweto giants in August. The 25-year-old is looking forward in reviving his football career. “This season is a new beginning. I want to show my capabilities to the chairman, technical director (Alex Bapela), coach Johnny Ferreira and the technical staff,” said Maart. Sekhukhune confirmed that they will play their home games at Makhulong Stadium and the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium. The club’s first match of the season, according to the draft fixtures, will be against another new club Royal AM at Makhulong Stadium on 28 November.