BLACK Friday lobola deals on social media have been a hot topic throughout November. Some think it’s a good idea while others think it’s disrespectful. A lady who didn’t like it said she’s embarrassed that her father allowed her man to pay R40 000 instead of R80 000. She said the negotiations started on the 13th. “I’m not okay with it, but I understand why he did this. I still think it’s a bad idea,” she told Daily Sun. “People might start disrespecting their wives just because lobola was discounted.” She said her dad explained to her that he accepted the half price because he wanted them to start building a home as her daughter was living with the husband’s family. Nokuthula Mseleku said families shouldn’t even think about the idea of giving any discount. “How do you raise a child, put them through school, teach them everything else they know, then give them away for pocket change?” she asked. Thato Hlophe said she’d never allow her family to accept a discount. “Some men are already disrespectful after they paid lobola. “Imagine how they’d treat you if they paid half the price.” Justice Hlophe agreed it was a bad idea. Others thought it was a good thing. Karabo Mokone said he doesn’t understand why the ladies are not open to the idea. “If you’re questioning whether your man will disrespect you after a discounted lobolo, you shouldn’t be with him in the first place,” he said. Piet Mahlangu said his uncles fully agree it was the right thing as he’s building a home. “My babezala seems okay with it, but my girlfriend is holding back the negotiations,” he said. “With this attitude she’ll remain someone’s girlfriend forever and save me money.” Daily Sun also spoke to the father of the lady whose lobola was discounted. He said his daughter has been telling him about how badly she needs a house, so he’s meeting them halfway. Said the father: “My daughter isn’t for sale. This money will help her. I hope one day she’ll realise this was to help them.” He urged other families to cut prices, especially if they know the couple isn’t financially well-off. Cultural expert, Zweli Nkosi, said: in historical times a man would pay more for a virgin and less for a woman who had a child out of wedlock.“Today’s prices are set according to how well-mannered and educated a prospective bride is.” He said other factors include the wealth and status of the bride’s family. “If the families are open to giving the groom’s family a discount then I don’t see any problem,” he said.