THE South African Government plans to bring Bushiri and his
wife Mary back to the country to face the music of defying their bail
conditions. In a statement, Presidency spokeswoman Phumla Williams said
to make sure that the two fugitives face justice, South Africa has initiated a
process to secure their extradition from Malawi in terms of the Southern
African Development Community (SADC) Protocol on Extradition and other legal
instruments, to which Malawi is a signatory. "While this process is underway, law-enforcement
agencies will continue investigations into this matter," she said This came after the controversial and self-proclaimed
Prophet Bushiri announced on Saturday that he and his wife have gone to their
home country Malawi absconding their bail conditions. Questions surrounding their escape and how they managed to
escape the country are still widely asked and speculations were made that the
Malawian President might have assisted them after his visitation to Mzansi was on
the same day the couple allegedly fled the country. Williams said the government was able to confirm that
fugitives Shepherd Bushiri and Mary Bushiri did not leave South Africa aboard a
flight on which Malawian President Lazarus Chakwera and his delegation
travelled in. She stated that President Chakwera undertook a successful
working visit to South Africa on Friday, 13 November 2020, during which South
Africa and Malawi discussed a broad range of initiatives to strengthen
relations between the governments and people of the two countries. She said: "Following the visit, President Chakwera and
his delegation departed from Waterkloof Air Force Base in Pretoria and stopped
over at OR Tamb International Airport to collect an additional number of
officials who had travelled to South Africa earlier to prepare for the working
visit." Williams said the Department of Home Affairs immigration
officials verified the identities of all passengers and Mr and Ms Bushiri were
not on the flight. The Bushiris who are out on R200 000 bail each are facing
charges of theft, fraud and money laundering. One of their bail condition was
they should report in one of the South African Police Services offices near the
on Monday and Friday between 6:00 am and 18:00 pm until their trail is completed. Their escape from the country means they have defied their
bail conditions and they are now facing the chances of their bail being
revoked. In the Facebook pages released by him, Bushiri gave the
South African Government five conditions to meet before they can avail
themselves for trail one of them is that, their bail not to be revoked. The
Prophet said the reason they left the country was not to run but to seek help
from the Malawian authorities, as they fear for their safety and security.