On Thursday, 19 November Ilitha Labantu organisation partnered with the Nyanga police for a motorcade demonstration against gender-based violence. The Uthuleleni awareness was organised to help break the silence of abused women and children in Nyanga and surrounding areas. Ilitha Labantu media liaison officer Siyabulela Monakali said they had witnessed an increased number of rape, murders and trafficking of young women and children. “We covered the hot spot areas identified by Nyanga police such as Ramaphosa, Crossroads, Browns Farm and Siyahlala squatter camp,” said Monakali. He said they strongly believed that it was through their collective efforts that they could effectively address the scourge plaguing their homes and community. “We are urging communities to stand up against GBV. They must speak out when being abused because the police won’t be in their houses 24 hours,” said Monakali. He said for the police to catch suspects, communities needed to report them. “Women and children are under attack. We can’t sit back and watch while they are being killed. We will not stop until they feel protected and free at all times,” said Monakali. Nyanga police station commander Brigadier Vuyisile Ncatha said they needed everyone to be involved for them to arrest suspects. “Our communities will be better if we work well together. If you are being abused, report to the police station and if you are not satisfied with the treatment you get, ask to meet with me,” said Ncatha. “We were happy when we got the invite from Ilitha Labantu because we also want these crimes to stop. We want women to be free, stand up and join the hands to stop GBV.” Crossroads CPF member Bandile Mhlola said they were doing everything in their power to encourage people to report these cases. “We have a lot of victims who are afraid to come out because they are afraid of their perpetrators but we want them to know that we are here for them,” said Mhlola. Lulekwa Zinti (45) said: “Everyone sees women as objects they can use for whatever they want. We need campaigns such as these,” said Zinti.