RODNEY Ramagalela just wants to score goals! Rama-G as he is known in the football circles recently joined Black Leopards after leaving TS Galaxy early this season. In the past two seasons, the 31-year-old has not been getting much game time as he is used to. In 2019 he found himself sidelined by Polokwane City after signing a pre-contract with another club. However, in March, the same year he was released and joined Highlands Park. His stint with Highlands was cut short by injuries that kept him on the sidelines for the better half of the campaign, playing only 15 matches of all competitions and scoring two goals. When Highlands' PSL status was sold to Tim Sukazi, the player was among many that left the club. In the past weekend, he made his 2020-21 Dstv Premiership debut and helped Lidoda Duvha beat Maritzburg United 1-0. The player says he has nothing to prove, his main aim is to help the club avoid relegation. “I always had a good relationship with the chairman (David Thidiela),” he said. “It has been good since day one, so it was easy for him to convince me to come back.” He continued: “At this stage, I do not think there’s anything to prove. I have been scoring goals all along, so you can say a person who lost a mother and a daughter in the same season have something to prove. “I don’t have to prove anything for anyone” After leaving Sundowns to join Golden Arrows, Ramagalela has achieved a rare feat of scoring on his debut for all the teams he has played for. The player said his job is to score hence he has managed to maintain that. He stated: “I think everyone who follows football knows me because I score goals and that is my job. “And I believe that every first game for me is very important because it determines if I am fit or not. But what is most important is to help the team win. “Our team (Leopards) has been struggling since they came back to the elite league. What is important now is to make sure we do not find ourselves in the relegation zone again.” Lidoda Duvha will be hoping that Rama-G continues where he left off in their last game when they face Bloemfontein Celtic at Dr. Petrus Molemela Stadium on Wednesday night (7:30pm.)