SELF-proclaimed prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife Mary have been granted bail by the Pretoria Magistrates Court. Loud cheers could be heard from thousands of their followers who have, for the past two weeks, been praying for their release. Bushiri and his wife were granted bail of R200 000 each.    They have been barred from travelling outside Gauteng and North West until the case is finalised. Magistrate Thandi Theledi held that they are permanent residents until allegations that they are in the country illegally are proven. They were warned not to make threats to any state witnesses or the prosecuting team.   Landiwe Ntlokwana was granted R100 000 bail and Zethu Mudolo was granted bail of R20 000. All of the accused are expected back in court on Friday, as accused number one Willah Mudolo will be applying for bail. The five accused are facing charges of fraud and money laundering amounting to R102 million. Thousands of the Bushiris supporters, who mostly are members of the Enlighten Christian Gatherings Church, danced and sang as they believe their prayers have been answered.   One of the followers, Elsie Kundo, said they knew their God would not let them down. She said this was a test for their leaders and they have come out strong. Members of Enlightened Christian Gathering (ECG) and Bushiri followers praying and chanting outside the Pretoria Magistrate Court giving support to their leader. pic.twitter.com/wlstlk2KMI  “The devil has been defeated again. Our mama and papa will sleep in their bed tonight,” she said. Their release was not received well by some people as they left disappointed by the justice system. Peter Nkosi said the only reason they were granted bail was because of money. “R400 000 is nothing to Bushiri and his blind followers who will pay for his bail and he will continue to rob them further,” he said. NPA north Gauteng region spokeswoman, Lumka Mahajana, said they acknowledged the judgment and all they could do now was to accept and respect it. Before the judgment was handed down, prophet Paseka “Mboro” Motsoeneng told the media that he had a dream that Bushiri will get bail.