DENEL still suffers from state capture that took place in the state-owned entity in the early 2000s. Yesterday, group CEO Talib Sadik told the Zondo Commission the damage was both financial and reputational. “State capture made a significant contribution to the reputation we’re suffering locally and internationally,” he said. “The plight of Denel right now is public. We’re losing a lot of skills because of the financial challenges we find ourselves in.” He said the board had taken a decision to recover the money lost. He said the arms company was engaging senior counsel from BDO law firm, who was instructed to go through some of the contracts the company entered into in that period. He said it was clear those tasked with responsibilities didn’t do their job and procurement policies were not followed. “There was a blatant disregard not only of company policies, but for the broader South African legislative environment,” he said. In 2014, Denel awarded a multi-million rand tender to Gupta-owned company VR Laser to manufacture 217 hulls of badger armoured vehicles for the South African National Defence Force under its Project Hoefyster. Sadik said this controversial tender made lenders nervous to associate themselves with Denel. He told the inquiry the formation of Denel Asia was illegal. “It happened before the ministerial approval and the partner Denel chose had no experience,” he said. In his affidavit, former Denel Land Systems CEO, Stephan Burger, accused Sadik of blaming everything on state capture instead of poor decisions taken by management. He said Denel’s problem started in the early 2000s when they faced financial troubles. Sadik told the commission it was unfortunate that people involved in the deal pointed fingers at others. “As a state-owned entity, we should have been far more responsible.It is really sad to be hearing these sort of comments. “If you’re in a leadership position you need to take accountability for your actions,” said Sadik. Last month, Denel’s supply chain executive, Celia Malahlela, told the commission Burger pushed for the Gupta company to get the tender over Denel’s own subsidiary, LMT Holdings, which could do the work more cheaply. Burger, who took the stand after Sadik told the hearing that the reason he did not support LMT was because they could not produce safe products.