THERE will be a last minute rush to the Premier Soccer League (PSL) offices before midnight on Monday in order not to miss the domestic transfer window cut off time. PSL clubs have been busy in the market signing players from across all the leagues. Interestingly this season, GladAfrica Championship clubs have flexed their muscle and punched above their weight in the market signing experienced players from PSL clubs. New boys in the hood, Sekhukhune United, are typical example of a club that have been busy in the market opening up their purse to snatch the bigger fishes in the ocean. Babina Noko, as Sekhukhune are affectionately known, have listed new players that include ex-Baroka FC striker Prince Nxumalo, PSL veterans Jabu Maluleke, Tapuwa Kapini, Ntokozo Mtsweni, McClive Phiri, Thabang Mokoena, Ayanda Dlamini, Yusuf Maart and Siyabulela Shai, son of Isaac Shai. Tshakhuma FC (TTM) coach, Joel Masutha, is left with a nice headache when selecting his team with players like Alfred Ndengane, Diamond Thopola and Ndivhuwo Ravhuhali in the ranks. They also have Thabo Rakhale, goalie Washinton Arubi, key striker Lerato Lamola, Rhulani Manzini, Edgar Manaka, Meshack Maphangule, Brandon Theron, top defender Alfred Ndengane and Mbulelo Lukhubeni. AmaZulu have also flexed their muscle under new owner Sandile Zungu who has been splashing the cash on top players. The ambitious Zungu has left tongues wagging after having signed players like Siphiwe Tshabalala, Xola Mlambo, Luvuyo Memela, Augustine Mulenga, Thembela Sikhakhane, Mbongeni Gumede and Siphelele Mthembu. Their latest signing is goalie  Veli Mothwa. Mamelodi Sundowns are boasting Hashin Domingo and Ricardo Goss, to name just a few. Orlando Pirates can also be regarded as having punched above their weight with new players like Richard Ofori, Thulani Hlatshwayo, Bienvenue Makus and Terrence Dzvukamanja. It's only unfortunate for Kaizer Chiefs as they cannot sign new players due their Fifa transfer ban, following the controversial signing of Dax whom his Malagasy club lodged a complaint with the world football governing body that saw them banned for the next two transfer window periods. Chiefs will be the only team barred at the PSL on Monday and can only return to boosting Gavin Hunt's team in the June transfer period. The second domestic transfer window will open on 1 February 2021 until 1 March 2021.     