THE Hope to Heal Foundation has warned that people are more vulnerable to human trafficking due to the global economic crisis that came with the Covid-19 pandemic. Seema Naidoo, founder and executive director of the foundation, shared insight into survivors of human trafficking and child abduction. The foundation focuses on various projects aimed at educating, creating awareness and saving people from becoming victims of human trafficking, child abuse, gender violence, HIV/Aids, as well as mental health problems. Over the years, it has rescued many victims across the country and in foreign countries including Zimbabwe and Uganda. Naidoo said both men and women, especially under the age of 35, were being lured, trafficked and exploited for various objectives, while kids were being abducted with the knowledge of their parents for financial gain. Those who attempted to escape were at times killed. Naidoo said: “In many cases victims are lured by being promised jobs and South Africa is known as the recruiting country because it is the gold hub. “Every victim has a timeline and they’re replaced daily for exploitation to other avenues.” According to various research, only 1% of victims are rescued. “They’re provided with rotten food or very little food to share among themselves,” said Naidoo. “A group of women are forced to share a very small room and they sleep on the floor. “They’re drugged, repeatedly raped and physically abused. “We find them in a very poor medical and mental state when rescued. At times they’re even afraid to open cases because the justice system is failing us.” Most male victims were trafficked for purposes of forced labour, and mostly work on farms and in factories. She said it wasn’t always easy to rescue victims as some develop Stockholm syndrome: feelings of trust felt in kidnapping or hostage taking by a victim. “They’re groomed to believe they can’t make it anywhere else without their perpetrators and are constantly reminded they’re an accompliance to a crime,” she said. “They need to know they’re not criminals, but victims of human trafficking.” She expressed concern over the few number of raids and rescues. “We’re aware of cases of bribery and corruption, and people are now at high risk due to Covid-19 as perpetrators are preparing to take advantage.”