DJ and music producer Junior Taurus, has released a new single, Welele. The talented musician, whose real name is Tshepo Mosidi, features Focalistic on the track. Junior told SunBuzz: “Welele is a fun and vibey song that’ll get everyone dancing. “It was such a cool experience working on the song. It’s always good to tap into other markets. “Focalistic has a different type of market and I hope it introduces me to a new market than the one I’m used to. I’ve known him for a long time before he jumped on amapiano. “So it was only natural for us to work together. I’ve also engineered and mastered his EP before and it’s been amazing.” ALSO READ |ZAHARA CELEBRATES BIRTHDAY WITH STARS The Tshwane-born star is also releasing an album on Friday. “I’ve been working on this album for almost four years now and it’s my first solo project. It’s titled Back To Love. The title signals me back to doing what I love.” He said the album is not your usual amapiano album. “I’ve featured many interesting people. I want to make music that lasts. I want to make music that can be played after a year.” Junior Taurus said it’s untrue that his split with Lady Zamar was his downfall. “I’ve been around for a long time and the year after I had a fallout with Lady Zamar, I produced Monate Mpolaye which was the biggest song for that year. Whether I was in the forefront or not, I was still in the industry and making music,” he said. “We got offered a deal by Universal and I wasn’t comfortable with the deal, but she agreed to it. “I refused the deal because sometimes in the industry you’d be offered a deal and they own almost everything. “That’s not what I want. If I were to die, I want my music to still take care of my family.” Junior Taurus also said that his journey hasn’t been easy. “It haven’t been an easy road because there are a lot of people in this industry that don’t want anyone to succeed, they want you to go through them before you could get something. “I want things to work out in a certain way and don’t want to owe or be owned by someone. Hence, in most of my releases I’ve always worked independently,” he said.