BAFANA Bafana have been handed a major boost ahead of the resumption of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers next month. The 1996 Afcon winners are set to play both their qualifiers against Sao Tome and Principe in Mzansi. According to a SunSport insider, both games will be played in Durban. This comes after Sao Tome requested the SA Football Association (Safa) to play both qualifiers in Mzansi on 13 and 16 November. This will make it easier for Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki to collect six valuable points. Bafana are second behind Ghana in Group C, with three points from two matches. This new turn of events should ensure Bafana take maximum points from their two qualifiers against their opponents, who are ranked a lowly 182 in the Fifa world rankings. These two qualifiers were originally scheduled to be played in March, but were postponed until this month due to the Covid-19 pandemic, which forced the Confederation of African Football to suspended all football. Safa recently confirmed the home game against Sao Tome on 13 November will be played at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium. Ntseki’s side were set to visit the tiny island nation three days later. However, the reason for Sao Tome wanting to play both games in South Africa are due to the testing for Covid-19. The fact these games will be played in a space of three days, will not give Sao Tome enough time to complete Covid-19 tests in time for the return leg in Sao Tome. So they asked Safa to play both matches in Mzansi. Another insider told SunSport: “The president of Safa, Danny Jordaan, said due to Covid-19 regulations and the short time in between the games, Sao Tome won’t be able to test their players in time for the return match at home as (Covid-19) tests results there take over a week to complete.” After playing Sao Tome, Bafana will have to wait until March to continue their Afcon qualifying campaign. They host Ghana at FNB Stadium on 25 March before concluding the qualifiers away against Sudan on 30 March in Khartoum.