Award-winning
songstress, Simphiwe Dana has pulled a shocker and announced that she is
marrying a woman. The
Ndiredi singer announced the news on Twitter, saying she was marrying
well-known opera singer, Phumeza Matshikiza. Simphiwe
started by tweeting :"I'm gay". I’m gay She
followed with a series of tweets, which led to her announcing her marriage. In
one tweet, she said she knows Africa will block for her for her decision.
However, she said she has never been happier. "I
know coming out means Africa will block me. But, after a lot of thinking, I’m
ok with it. I’m marrying a woman, and I’ve never been happier," she wrote. I know coming out means Africa will block me. But, after a lot of thinking, I’m ok with it. I’m marrying a woman, and I’ve never been happier She
also posted Phumeza's picture and wrote: "She’s coming home to me today.
We are so happy." I’m marrying her. She’s coming home to me today. We are so happy pic.twitter.com/NuXJf6YnTE Her
fans commented on the tweet and while some were attacking her, some were
supporting her. One
tweep wrote: "The first mistake is thinking that we will block you. As an
African, I'm disappointed on that because 'WE ARE ONE'. But anyway, you're human
and you don't have to feel bad for embracing who you are, congratulations on
finding love. All the best." The first mistake is thinking that we will block you.As an African, I'm disappointed on that because WE ARE ONE.But anyway, you're human and you don't have to feel bad for embracing who you are, congratulations on finding love.All the best. pic.twitter.com/60CxknFnLZ "But
why marry a woman? I understand the Somizi and Mohale gay, but the females Cha.
So if one of you decide to sleep with a guy during your marriage, is it still
labelled as cheating? What about a 3 sum, is it allowed to? Sizani bo,"
wrote another tweep. But why marry a woman? I understand the Somizi and Mohale gay, but the females Cha. So if one of you decide to sleep with a guy during your marriage, is it still labelled as cheating? What about a 3 sum, is it allowed to? Sizani bo??