 THIS evil tokoloshe is hell-bent on wrecking their house. The couple, which has been together for four years doesn’t, know what to do about it. The 38-year-old woman from Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni, told Daily Sun their problems started when she and her boyfriend went to consult a sangoma because they were having sex problems. The said sangoma is also the man’s ex-girlfriend. “I trusted my boyfriend, so I agreed when he suggested his ex,” she said. They were given muthi to sprinkle around the house, imbiza to drink and something to put in the bath. “She really gave us hope,” said the woman. “But there wasn’t any improvement in our sex life. He didn’t get an erection at all. “Then he started showing signs of having sex at night and told me how great I was. “We realised there was a real problem.” They also started fighting over petty issues. She believes the sangoma sent them a tokoloshe that works overtime to break them up. A week after using the muthi, they started hearing sounds from the roof. “We’d fight for towels or why one didn’t remove the tea bag before the tea got too strong,” she said. They went back to the sangoma on 29 October, but she told them she couldn’t help. “She was arrogant. She even told us to go seek help somewhere else because she doesn’t like being under-appreciated,” she said. On 6 November, they visited another sangoma, who confirmed a tokoloshe had been sent to break them up. “He promised to help, but he hasn’t been able to do anything,” she said. Daily Sun spoke to the 41-year-old boyfriend who said he regrets trusting his ex. “When we broke up, it was mutual and I remember we had a couple of dates after that,” he said. “I guess I shouldn’t have trusted her that much.” The sangoma told the People’s Paper it was strange and insulting that her ex was asking her for help with their sex life. “This doesn’t mean I sent them a tokoloshe. “Maybe their ancestors just don’t like the idea of them being together,” she said. When pressed with more questions, she hung up.