NEW SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) president, Barry Hendricks, is in the middle of unifying the broken organisation that was marred by animosity, back-stabbing and politics. But key to his troubles is Cricket SA (CSA) that has been an embarrassment to the country lately with one scandal after another, the latest being running the risk of being banned from international cricket. Now Hendricks has to start with the mopping process, but first, he has to consolidate his board, which is not complete and in short of two independent directors within three weeks. “We’re in the process of seating them and that will complete the constituted board. “And the board members still need to be orientated in terms of policies, constitution and administration,” said Hendricks. “Once that is done, we will call for recommendations. It’s an open and transparent process. Surely all will be well at the end of December.” Speaking to SunSport, this is how Hendricks plans on dealing with some key member federations: CRICKET “Cricket is the most important member simply because of their national and international profile. We will be working with them to resolve all their issues. Their current structure is there on an interim basis. They’re not permanent. This body was approved, though not complete. I hear there’s rumblings on the background, but we will try and advise them as a unified body at Sascoc. It’s suppose to resolve certain issues at a certain time. We will work with the member council as well.” ATHLETICS “We truly have to operate on a professional basis. I don’t hold any grudges. The legal processes were followed and now it’s a matter of liaising professionally with ASA. Anyway, working on Olympic matters, I don’t get to liaise with presidents in terms of checking whether they are prepared or not. High Performance commission deals directly with the particular person.” He was responding to questions about his broken relationship with ASA president, Aleck Skhosana, who stood against him as acting Sascoc president before the elections. But he said that is history now and they’ll have to work together on a professional front for the sake of the sport. OLYMPICS “Plans for the Olympics are on track. We don’t plan for the Olympics on the Olympic year. We have a proper plan in place and we intend on assembling a credible team. “Now we’re asking for the Olympic body to advise us and attend to the other events. The background work has been done already. The only thing we will face are finances and recreational challenges.” He was non-committal on ASA’s inclusion of Caster Semenya in their preliminary squad for the 800m distance. SAFA “No issues have been raised with football. Nothing is on my table. We have a good relationship with Safa though they’re not getting enough money like rugby and cricket. “There’s a lot of sport with problems like boxing, squash and we will be able to work with them to resolve these issues.” He said one key aspect that came through from the meeting when he was appointed was to move forward with unity, move forward with the common understanding of speaking in one voice. “Of course, every federation has its own democratic rights to differ with whoever they choose. But it has to be done in a democratic manner,” he added. “The General Assembly has spoken in a clear manner. They’ve elected a board, which I think is good with an inclusion of five women – the first historically upfront onto the board. “The first that Sascoc has a black African woman as vice-president (Lwandile Simelane, hockey) – first time that two women are serving as vice-presidents (including VP Debbie Alexander, triathlon). “We’re comfortable with the expertise that we have in the board, including the two that will come on board.”