A 40-YEAR-OLD Mpumalanga woman who was born without a womb has decided to share her experiences in a 140-page book titled I am Also a Woman. Zeripah Phiri from Secunda told Daily Sun that at the age of 19, she was diagnosed with a rare condition called Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser (MRKH) syndrome. She said she started noticing at the age of 19 that something was wrong with her. “I never knew I was different. But i started suspecting that something was terribly wrong with me at the age of 19. I still hadn’t had my menstrual period, while my peers were already tired of their monthly cycle. I started seeking answers two years later, when I was already a married woman,” she said. Zeripah said years after she got married, her father-in-law wrote a letter to her husband, complaining about their four-year marriage that failed to produce a grandchild. She said in the letter his father said: “You have to take another wife, my son. You cannot continue living with a piece of furniture in your house.” After receiving the letter, Zeripah said they consulted izangoma and prophets, who claimed that her maternal gogo had bewitched her not to have kids. However, the answer came a year later when she went to see a gynaecologist. “When the doctor told me after the examination that there was no trace of a womb inside me, my world was shattered. Without even waiting for him to tell me, I knew it meant I’d never fall pregnant. “It meant my dream of marital bliss was never going to come true. I’d never be able to give my husband any kids,” she said. From the day of the diagnosis, her world turned upside down, she said, leading to her being labelled as barren and less than a woman. Zeripah said the reason she wrote the book was to encourage other women who are suffering from a similar condition to come out of the closet. “Many women with MRKH suffer in silence without the right support from people who understand what they’re going through. With the book, I am hoping to reach out, not only to those who are suffering from MRKH, but also to those who have not been able to conceive and as a result their marriages suffered,” she said. “Sharing my life story will help me feel better and will definitely prove that I’m not alone. There are others who will quietly whisper ‘me too’, and that is OK! “I have decided to come out of the proverbial closet. It takes courage to remove one’s armour than to assemble it. I wanted to express myself and pour my heart out without interruption,” she said. It took her two months to complete the book, which will be officially launched next Saturday, 21 November.