Santaco has slammed the behaviour of a group of men who were seen on video harassing two young women at the Nelspruit taxi rank in Mpumalanga. The incident is said to have happened on 1 November. However, the video started circulating this week on social media. In the video, one of the girls is wearing mini pants and the other a mini dress. They are seen being followed by a group of men who are taking pictures and videos of them. One of the girls can be heard saying: “Don’t take pictures of me,” while covering her bum with a black bag. The group of men can be heard saying: “Nasi istocko,” as they run after them. They continue to follow the girls inside the taxi rank. They lift up one of the girls’ dress exposing her buttocks as she tries to run away from them. Santaco chief strategic manager Bafana Magagula condemned the incident. “We have phoned the Nelspruit taxi rank to find out what exactly happened. Our drivers have denied taking part in the harassment of the young women. We are investigating the matter and if we find that the drivers are also involved, disciplinary measures will be taken against them. We apologised for what happened and we promise the community that should we find those who are behind this, we will deal with them,” he said. The incident has since drew outrage from the community. They vowed to march to the Mbombela taxi rank on Friday, 20 November, wearing mini outfits to demonstrate their concerns. Gender-based violence activist and founder of Give Her Wings Creo Nthali said what happened was totally uncalled for and unjustifiable. “It is uncalled for, for men to look at women and get horny. It was totally uncalled for. It was a shame for men to behave like that. We have a lot of work to do as far as men’s mindset is concerned. It is clear the battle is with the mindset,” said Nthali. He said it was up to men to stand up against men who victimise women. “We must stand up as men and be part of the conversation against the harassment of women and gender-based violence and any other form of abuse. This matter is not only detrimental to the victim but also to the society at large,” he said.