 HER name is Charity Raselomane and nothing excites her more than biking and doing charity work. SunWheels caught up with this businesswoman from Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni, as she was out and about at a cookout. She had asked fellow bikers and the community to help her raise funds for toiletries for young men. “The reason I did this was because I thought young men can be neglected,” said Charity. “Engaging and showing them love will help them focus and avoid many social ills.” The event was held at the Redhorn sports bar in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni. Q: Why is charity work so important to you? A: I’m a natural giver. I love helping out and am still planning to do more cookouts and taking them from one kasi to another. Alex, Soweto, Daveyton and many others have different needs and I hope to get more people involved. This is something for the community. Q: What attracted you to biking? A: Besides being naturally brave, I find biking to be therapeutic. When you ride you forget about everything and get your mind is cleared. Q: What bike do you own? A: I own a Harley Davidson 883 Sporster. Q: Was learning to ride this bike easy? A: My trainer told me if I rode a bicycle before it’d be easy. That helped a lot. Q: How important is your safety gear? A: We’re always urged to wear protective gear and I have the best. Feeling safe makes you enjoy the ride. Q: How do others see you on the road? A: I think motorists need to know bikers also matter and should be considerate toward us. Q: Do you belong to a club or you ride solo? A: At the moment, I don’t belong to any club. I’m a solo rider. That gives me a chance to plan my business moves. Q: Why is charity work important? A: Bikers are good when it comes to community work and should do more to help where they can as government is struggling to help everyone. In general, bikers love giving back and doing community work. They should be fully supported. Q: How far have you travelled in biking trails? A: I’ve travelled a lot. I’ve been to Durban and Bushbuckridge. And I’m still going to travel more.