BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic defender Justice Chabalala says he will put his love for Orlando Pirates aside to help Siwelele overcome them to lift the MTN8 Cup on 12 December. Chabalala is currently in his second season at Celtic on loan from the Soweto giants, and he is enjoying every single moment of it, having reached his second cup final within three months. Siwelele lost the Nedbank Cup to Mamelodi Sundowns, who beat them 1-0 in September. However, player is delighted that they have another chance to end their eight-year trophy drought, having last won the Telkom Knockout in 2012. “I like Pirates and Celtic,” he said. “They both treated me well. It was the same at Chippa United and Free State Stars, but now I am with Celtic. I have to be honest with my job and compete to ensure we get what we deserve. “I will work hard and give it 100% effort to win the game. We got there (in the final), so we should fight and at the end of the day we will see who wins. Celtic haven’t won a trophy in a long time and it’s the same with Bucs, so this will be an interesting final.” The 28-year-old reckons the Free State side have what it takes to make a serious challenge for the DStv Premiership, despite a poor start to the season. The John Maduka-coached side have yet to win a league match, having lost twice and drawn one. Said Chabalala: “We are taking it one game at a time. Celtic are not a small team. I can’t say we want to save our PSL status or reach the top eight. We’re competing for the Premiership. We also have many quality players who can help the team reach the goal.” However, the Giyani-born player is concerned about his side’s lack of finishing, having scored only one goal in three league games and conceding three times. “We need to score. We play beautiful football, but we lack goals. We also need to stop conceding. We can do much better.” Chabalala hailed their technical staff under the leadership of Maduka for their cup pedigree. “We have a good coach who is also a father figure to us. Together with coach Wire (Abram Nteo), Mototo (Ditheko) and (Samuel) Kgopane, they treat the players equally. It’s nice to work with them as they are professionals who know what they are doing.”