“I am not going anywhere.” This was the vow by ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule as he addressed thousands of his supporters who gave him a rockstar welcome to a mini stage shortly after he was released on R200 000 bail by the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court on Friday. Magashule was flanked by NEC members including Tony Yengeni, Malusi Gigaba and Supra Mahumapelo. Magashule was charged with 21 counts ranging from theft, fraud and corruption related to a multi-million rand asbestos project that has already led to the arrest of seven other people. His former PA, Moroadi Cholota, has now turned state witness and one of Magashule’s bail condition is that he should never be in contact with her. Magashule told his supporters that the ANC has been infiltrated by apartheid agents who worked with the regime during the struggle days. “We are being troubled by apartheid agents here in the ANC. This ANC does not belong to an individual. The ANC belongs to us. It will never happen as long as we are there. It doesn’t matter how important you are, how educated you are, how rich you are. This ANC is an organisation that belongs to branches. That’s why I will listen to the voice of the branches,” said Magashule, adding that if the voices of the branches are expressed in a special congress, he would gladly step aside. “The branches are the ones who voted for us and nobody can remove us,” he said. Magashule told his supporters that it was good that he has now been formally charged as this would give him an opportunity to expose corrupt leaders who are “busy making noise about him being corrupt”.  He said he would release the names of these leaders when the time was right. “People must not think that I am a fool for not mentioning those who are corrupt. I do talk in ANC meetings. Now that there is a charge and I will be in the box, I will give you the names,” he promised. He boasted about how the province under his leadership empowered people by, among other things, sent students to study overseas. He further claimed that the attack on him was an attempt to weaken the provincial structures of the ANC. In what could be a direct reference to President Cyril Ramaphosa’s funding for his campaign for the ANC presidency, Magashule said there were those who had been funded by white monopoly capital who are now being controlled. He told his supporters that he has a very good relationship with the party’s top six but mentioned Ramaphosa last, whose name drew boos from the crowd. Magashule said he would be failing as a leader if he didn’t teach them the rules of the party.  He further told them he had requested that members shouldn’t wear T-shirts bearing his name but should have wore T-shirts with Ramaphosa’s face instead. Again the supporters booed at the mentions of Ramaphosa’s name. Magashule will appear again on 19 February 2021.