THE inquest case opened after the death of Zulu King Goodwill
Zwelithini's son Prince Lethukuthula Zulu has now been converted to a murder
based on preliminary evidence. This is according to Gauteng police spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo
Peters. In a statement, Peters said: "The inquest docket that was opened at
Honeydew SAPS on Friday to further investigate the circumstances surrounding
the death of Prince Lethukuthula at Graceland Residential Complex in
Northworld, has now been converted to a murder case based on preliminary
evidence emerging from the initial investigation. "Confirmation of the exact cause of death is dependent on the
postmortem that is yet to be concluded." Brigadier also said that a case of theft has also been opened for
investigation alongside the murder case following reports that several
valuables and an undisclosed amount of cash had been stolen. Condolences continue to filter in for the family of King Zwelithini
following the loss of his son Prince Lethukuthula Zwelithini on Friday. From Ithala Soc Limited, Chairman of the Board Sbonelo Mkhize, CEO
Thulani Vilakazi, together with the Exco and staff extended condolences to King
Zwelithini and Queen Sibongile MaDlamini on the untimely passing away of the
firstborn son, Prince Lethukuthula. "Prince Lethukuthula played a significant role in the affirmation
of traditional values and leadership and in the development of the Zulu
Kingdom. "We share in this painful time with the Zulu nation as well as the
South African nation and stand in support of all who are grieving. "We pray for the royal family as they walk through this painful
valley of loss and wish them an abundance of peace and comfort during this
difficult time," read the statement. Daily Sun previously reported that several sources within the complex
said they suspected criminal elements at play and blamed a robbery gone wrong. The body of the king’s eldest son was discovered by the security
personnel of the complex on Friday afternoon after several neighbours alerted
them about the anomaly of his locked door and broken window. This after several neighbours reported having heard a commotion that
happened at his flat in the wee hours of Friday morning.