IMMEDIATELY after the announcement made by President Cyril Ramaphosa that Nelson Mandela Bay was a hot spot for Covid-19, the health MEC took measures to contain the spread of the coronavirus. On Wednesday evening, the president blamed the Eastern Cape’s spike during his address on irresponsible socialising.  He said: “The evidence suggests that the increases in the Eastern Cape could have been triggered by outbreaks in institutions of higher learning, such as universities, and also in schools, and attendance by people at large gatherings. The number of new cases in the province was 50% higher than the week before and these increases are being driven by massive spikes in the Nelson Mandela Bay and the Sarah Baartman District in particular. For the last month, there has been a sustained upward increase in hospital admissions in the province. In response to the rising infections, we are implementing the resurgence plan that has been developed together with the surge team deployed to South Africa by the World Health Organisation. Interventions include primary healthcare outreach teams to intensify contact tracing, daily community mobilisation, ensuring the readiness of health facilities and being ready to respond to possible clusters outbreaks.” To mitigate against this problem, MEC Sindiswa Gomba hit the streets of the city on Friday to educate locals about safety measures that can help curb the spread of the virus. She was accompanied by officials from her department and nurses. In the past few days coronavirus claimed the life of former Nelson Mandela Bay mayor Mongameli Bobani while Premier Oscar Mabuyane and MEC for Sport, Recreation, Arts and Culture Fezeka Nkomonye tested positive for Covid-19 in the same week. Gomba said: “Nelson Mandela Bay has started resurgence. The failure by people to comply is the contributing factor. The rising numbers are worrying as our hospitals are struggling when it comes to ICU beds. We have opened the underground cover to tackle Covid-19 cases in the city and surrounding areas.”