 ON Saturday, Mzansi woke up to news that Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife Mary have skipped the country. The couple claimed their lives were in danger in Mzansi and that they felt safer in their home country, Malawi. This despite their bail conditions which prohibited them from travelling outside Gauteng and North West. Now people are wondering whether the Enlightened Christian Gathering (ECG) will come back for his court date. Sangoma Jabulani Mthimunye threw his bones, which revealed Bushiri won’t come back.“He is gone and gone for good,” he told Daily Sun. He said when he threw the bones, he saw Bushiri in a vision. “I can only see his back. He walks until he disappears in the mist,” he said. The sangoma said that was a sign he was gone for good. “If he was coming back, my vision would be clear. Instead of him disappearing in the mist, he’d be emerging from it.” Sangoma Mathanzima Magutshwa said she also didn’t see the prophet coming back. “I see him disappearing like the Guptas and eventually his story will die out.” Bushiri addressed people on social media. He insisted that he fled Mzansi because his life was at risk, not because he’s expected in court for R102 million fraud and money laundering case. ECG spokesman Ephraim Nyondo confirmed that the couple went to Malawi on Wednesday. He said Bushiri’s lawyers would handle any impact the travelling had on his bail conditions. After outing himself on social media, Bushiri said he’d return to face the South African courts only if his demands were met. These demands included his assurance for safety and security for him and his wife while in the country, assurance that his bail would not be revoked even though he had broken the conditions and a complete change of guard in the case, including the investigating officers, arresting officers and the prosecution team. Bushiri said they would hand themselves over to the Malawian authorities on Monday, 16 November and ask for help with the case. Hawks spokeswoman, Colonel Katlego Mogale, said they were still investigating how he managed to skip the country. Presidency spokeswoman Phumla Williams said they were able to confirm that fugitives Bushiri and Mary did not leave South Africa aboard a flight on which President Lazarus Chakwera and his delegation travelled. She said to ensure that the two fugitives face justice, South Africa has initiated a process to secure their extradition from Malawi.