FORMER SAA chairwoman Dudu Myeni is expected to appear virtually before the Zondo Commission today. Myeni has been implicated by a number of witnesses at the commission, including former Bosasa COO Angelo Agrizzi and her “Mr Fixer” Nicholas Linnell. In a message sent to her supporters, Myeni thanked them for being with her as she was preparing for her day in the hot seat. “I’m so grateful for the support I’m getting before my appearance at the Zondo Commission tomorrow 4 - 6 November. Although my exposure to Covid-19 has forced me to appear via Zoom, I’m humbled by the messages I get and will make myself available to the commission tomorrow,” she said. Myeni said she hoped she would be treated with respect as she will respect the commission. “I hope inzondo yokushintsha (the hatred for changing) the economic landscape in South Africa will not be felt during the session. But I stand by what I said in court. Amandla,” she said. Agrizzi told the inquiry that Myeni, who is Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma Foundation’s chairwoman, was paid R300 000 monthly by Bosasa. According to Agrizzi, the money was supposed to be forwarded to the foundation. He alleged that the money was always “packed in cash and delivered personally” to Myeni. Agrizzi further claimed that former Bosasa boss Gavin Watson once asked Agrizzi’s wife for advice on what to buy to impress Myeni. He said his wife suggested that Watson get a Louis Vuitton handbag. He said Watson took the advice and bought the bag, which was delivered with another stash of R300 000. Agrizzi also alleged that Myeni helped Bosasa to get confidential NPA documents and discussed ongoing investigations by the Special Investigation Unit against the company. Linnell testified that he was of the view that Myeni was appointed SAA board chairwoman because of her proximity to Zuma. He said he formed the opinion that she was the former president’s confidant and political ally who was doing his bidding at SAA and had played “that same role in other domains”. Another witness who placed Myeni at the centre of state capture is former Eskom board chairman Zola Tsotsi, who said Myeni once called him to a meeting at Zuma’s residence in Durban. Tsotsi said before meeting the former president, Myeni told him that Eskom was underperforming and executives were failing to update the government’s energy “war room”, led by then deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa, accurately and on time. He said she proposed that Eskom should launch an inquiry into executive’s failures. A decision was take that while the investigation was going on, CEO Tshediso Matona, head of capital projects Dan Marokane and head of technology and commercial Matshela Koko should “step aside”. They never returned to the power utility. News24 reported that Myeni is set to accuse deputy chief justice Raymond Zondo of having “prejudged” her through previous statements he made. She is expect to also raise concerns “with comments or statements that have been made by the chairman in my absence, almost concluding that I’m guilty of some offences”. Myeni was replaced as SAA chairwoman in October 2017. In May this year, the High Court in Pretoria declared her a delinquent director over her conduct while leading the struggling airline’s board of directors. The order is for lifetime. It means Myeni will no longer be considered fit and proper to hold the position of director of any organisation. Judge Ronel Tolmay said in her judgment that although the order is for the rest of Myeni’s lifetime, she can apply to have it suspended after three years if she can show that she has been rehabilitated and remedied her misconduct. The application was brought by the Organisation Undoing Tax Abuse and the SAA Pilots’ Association. It remains to be seen if Myeni, who has a history of failing to appear in courts in her delinquency case, will show up to face Zondo.