SuperSport United edged out Maritzburg United 2-1 in the DStv Premiership match at the Harry Gwala Stadium on Friday night. The win took Matsatsantsa to the third spot on the league standings, while the Team of Choice remain 16th on the table and winless this season. The Team of the Choice took the lead just eight minutes into the match and they were very fortunate as they benefited from a defensive mix-up in the box. Onismor Bhasera attempted the clear the ball away from the danger, but it hit goalkeeper Ronwen Williams and went into the back of the net to make it 1-0 to Maritzburg. Matsatsantsa then pressed the home side with Evans Rusike making some good runs in the Maritzburg box from the right-hand side. The speedy player was involved when the visitors levelled matters in the 14th minute as he set-up Bradley Grobler, who beat Maritzburg keeper Sebastian Mwange to make it 1-1. It was nearly 2-1 to SuperSport six minutes later when Ghampani Lungu rounded Mwange, but his goal-bound effort was brilliantly cleared off the goal-line by Daniel Morgan. Maritzburg tried to respond, with Thabiso Kutumela forcing Williams into a comfortable save with a tame shot just after the half-hour mark. The last chance of the first-half fell for Kudakwashe Mahachi, but the SuperSport winger fired straight at Mwange, who made a good save and the score was 1-1 at the interval. Maritzburg were the better side after the restart as they pressed SuperSport looking to restore their lead, but they found to difficult to penetrate the visitors' tight defence. Matsatsantsa looked dangerous every time they pushed forward and they managed to take the lead for the first time against the run of play. Mahachi set-up Grobler inside the box and the Bafana Bafana international beat Mwange from close range to make it 2-1 to SuperSport four minutes after the half-hour mark. The Team of Choice then piled pressure on the Matsatsantsa defence as they looked to restore parity with the hosts having introduced Judas Moseamedi. The lanky marksman watched in disbelief as his shot which was heading for the top corner was brilliantly tipped over the crossbar by Williams in the 76th minute. SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo then reacted by introducing defender Bongani Khumalo as the visitors looked to contain Maritzburg in the closing stages of the match. Morgan's well-taken free-kick was fantastically saved by Williams in the 87th minute and SuperSport then stood firm at the back and ultimately, they emerged 2-1 winners over Maritzburg.