MZAMBIYA RECEIVED news that Mshoza has died with shock and disbelief. “For a moment when I was told about her passing, I thought it was a joke,” said Mzambiya. “I’M SHATTERED!” Mzambiya and Mshoza grew up together in Soweto and shared the music scene, giving us the hit song Kortez. Mzansi is mourning the death of the bubbly and carefree star that was Mshoza, real name Nomasonto Maswanganyi. Mshoza was rushed to hospital on Wednesday afternoon and had previously been in and out of hospital in the past couple of months. In 2014, she revealed that she was diabetic and had been on treatment. According to her long-time manager Thandoxolo Jindela, Mshoza died from diabetes complications. She leaves behind her two kids from her previous marriage to businessman Jacob Mnisi. ALSO READ: MSHOZA'S LAST MOMENTS! Speaking to Daily Sun, Mzambiya, real name Nkosinathi Zwane, said: “We grew up together. That was a long time before the fame. She was more than just a friend or colleague. She was family.” He said Mshoza lived her life the way she knew best.  “Even when she was faced with challenges she didn’t show it. She just wanted everyone to be happy,” he said. “I was told about her passing from the Bulldawgs team. I have no words. I’m left with memories and the desire to do everything in her honour.” He told the People’s Paper he recently had an interview with a radio show about his 20 years in the industry. “They had Mshoza on the other line as a surprise. She shared our journey with the listeners. That was an amazing moment,” he said. “I’ll do my level best to celebrate her. My deepest condolences to her friends and family.” Mzabiya said they spoke about working together on new songs, but never got around it. “From now on, whatever I do in music it’ll be for her.” ALSO READ: BREAKING: QUEEN OF KWAITO MSHOZA HAS DIED! Mzabiya’s recollection of Mshoza includes when they used to go tours together and when they were on Jam Alley where she was discovered. “I’d love Mzansi and her fans from across the world to celebrate her life,” he said. “She’d have loved to be celebrated. So, it’s time we did that. May she rest in peace.” Thandoxolo, speaking on behalf of the family, said: “Mshoza passed on peacefully on Thursday morning. She’ll be deeply missed by her family and friends. “Her death comes as a shock to me as her friend and long-time manager. We’re asking the public to give her family sometime to grieve and a full statement will be communicated in due time.” 