SPAR Proteas coach Dorette Badenhorst has admitted to the difficulties she has faced selecting her team for the upcoming series against Malawi. Badenhorst has announced her team for the three-match November and summarily explained she only relied on the Telkom Netball League tourney and international competition, which didn't feature all players, to pick the current squad. ”Not all players available for international competition. For this reason, we will identify players at the Spar National Champs and add them if necessary, ” said Badenhorst. ”We also have a few injuries during the TNL and we wait for those players to return. ”During selection, we look at players who will be able to perform at an international level. Not all players get good coaching or enough opportunities to play in their regions and provinces. ”Some will always be good at a national level but will struggle at an international level, especially if you look at their build and height because they will compete against players who are professional in this sport and are training every day of the week. ”We need to be prepared to play against those players.” The Proteas were last in action in January 2020 during the Netball Nations Cup. They will take on the Malawi Queens in the series, scheduled Rustenburg in between the 26th to 30th. The coach has called up a provisional squad of 30 players who will partake in a three-day training camp from the 22nd of November in Sun City before a final team of 15 players is confirmed. “2020 has been a very challenging year for Netball South Africa as we have had to reshuffle and revise our events calendar for the year, ” said Netball SA president Cecilia Molokwane. ”Some of the things we had planned on doing have had to fall off due to Coronavirus and the subsequent lockdown. We were all concerned that we may not see our national team compete this year, I am delighted that we will have the SPAR Challenge series taking place this year against Malawi.” Provisional squad: Defence: Phumza Maweni, Karla Pretorius, Nozipho Ntshangase, Nicola Smith, Shadine van der Merwe, Monique Reyneke, Ané Retief, Pamela Chukwu, Fezeka Sondzaba, Bongise WeteMidcourt: Izette Griesel, Bongiwe Msomi, Romé Joubert, Khanyisa Chawane,Marlize de Bruin, Lungile Mthembu, Shannen Bartlett, Tshina Mdau, Sikholiwe Mdletshe, Precious Mthembu Shooters: Lefébre Rademan, Kamogelo Maseko, Nichole Taljaard, Nomfundo Mngomezulu, Renske Stoltz, Sigi Burger,  Nonsikelelo Mazibuko, Elmeré van der Berg; Ine- Marí Venter, Lenize Potgieter