Like it or not, false prophets – especially those from outside countries – are more popular than real ones. They enjoy a large following. Not only that, they also make a killing in terms of earnings. Like him or hate him, Shepherd Bushiri enjoys massive support. His followers, including whites, came from all corners of the country to support him during his recent court appearance. Major One and his wife are accused of money laundering and are behind bars. While many regard Bushiri as a false prophet, his diehard fans see him as a true prophet. That he’s accused of money laundering, which is a serious crime, doesn’t seem to bother them. This has deepened their love for their spiritual father. All they want is their Papa, as they affectionately call him, to be released from jail. Apparently, he earns about R500 000 a month. That’s a lot of money. What’s he doing to earn such a large sum of money? Preaching the gospel truth? This suggests the man is a millionaire, if not a multimillionaire or billionaire. No doubt, church business is lucrative. Bushiri seems to thrive in controversy. There was a story in the media that a certain couple sold its taxi and invested money in Bushiri’s investment company with the promise that their investment would double in a short space of time. They claimed that it didn’t happen and that it left them without a source of income. There are many similar stories. Several women have accused the man of God of raping them. When he was done, said his accusers, he threw money at them and left the room. This happened in a country where women abuse, including rape or gender-based violence, are major challenges. Is the church not supposed to be a safe haven for women? A friend goes to Bushiri’s church. The man is intelligent and a professional. I always go to him for advice. But when it comes to his spiritual father, he loses his sense of reasoning. Has Major One indoctrinated his followers? I wonder. What will happen to Bushiri’s followers if their leader is found guilty and sentenced to jail? Will they desert him and find another false prophet? Or will they continue to pray and support him? Only time will tell.