THE spirit of coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane still lives at Mamelodi Sundowns, admits Downs defender Motjeka Madisha. Madisha said Mosimane’s departure still feels surreal and everyone is still coming to terms with him leaving as no one saw it coming. Mosimane shocked the local football fraternity when he decided to leave Sundowns on 30 September after eight years at the club, to take charge of Egyptian giants Al Ahly. But Madisha has every right to feel this way. It was Mosimane who promoted him in the 2015/16 season from the club’s development structures. Under Mosimane, Madisha won three league trophies, two Telkom Knockout trophies and the Nedbank Cup. He was part of the victorious Brazilians side that clinched the treble last season. The 25-year-old was also with Sundowns when they claimed Africa’s holy grail – the Caf Champions League in 2016 and the Caf Super Cup the following season. “Pitso’s spirit still lives within me,” said Madisha. “I’d say he’s helped me in a lot of things. He helped me improve my game, he helped me become a better player. “Sometimes, he’d call me and say ‘you have to improve here and there’. “Just because he’s not with us anymore, doesn’t mean we don’t communicate. We do communicate with each other.” Madisha admitted there was a point when he wanted to cry after learning that Mosimane had resigned. But he came to an understanding that Mosimane wanted to test himself with the best on the continent as he had proven himself in Mzansi. “I was a bit emotional,” said Madisha. “Firstly, I couldn’t believe he was leaving. But as a coach, he needed to take his career (further) and went to Egypt to conquer Africa.” Mosimane is on the verge of conquering Africa with Al Ahly, who were crowned league champions before he took over. He’s taken the club of the century to their first Caf Champions League final since 2013. They’ll face their biggest nemesis and Egyptian rivals, Zamalek, on 27 November. Interestingly, it’s the same Zamalek side that Sundowns defeated under Mosimane when they became the second South African side to win the Champions League four years ago (after Orlando Pirates).