HOME Affairs Minister Dr Aaron Motsoaledi told the Portfolio Committee on Home Affairs that Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife Mary stayed in Mzansi fraudulently. Motsoaledi appeared before the committee on Tuesday. He was called in to explain how the Bushiris skipped the country without being detected by Home Affairs. Motsoaledi told the committee the Bushiris lied under oath when they applied for permanent residency in 2016, despite Mary having such a permit. “The Bushiris declared under oath that they entered South Africa for the first time in 2015,” said Motoaledi. “His authentic arrival date is taken as occurring in 2013.” He said Home Affairs took steps in August to revoke their permanent residence. The matter was heard in court and judgment was reserved. Motsoaledi also revealed that the Bushiris have five passports each, which were all issued in Malawi. He said the country’s movement control systems don’t show them leaving the country. He said according to Home Affairs’ movement control system, the last time the Bushiris entered Mzansi was on 19 January 2019 through OR Tambo International Airport. Responding to reports that the Bushiris may have left via Lesotho, Motsoaledi said all flights departing to Lesotho have to land in South Africa first. “There were no chartered flights over the disputed period. A chartered flight from Burundi landed in Lesotho on Sunday,” said the minister. “Other ministers from the justice and security cluster should provide the rest of the explanations. The Bushiris weren’t the responsibility of Home Affairs when they fled.” Turning to the visit by Malawian President Lazarus Chakwera, Motsoaledi said Chakwera arrived in Mzansi with an entourage of 23 people. “After the visit an advanced Malawian team wanted to leave the country via Waterkloof Airforce Base, swelling the group to 66 in number. “Dirco Minister Naledi Pandor said this was not allowed and requested acting Home Affairs DG Jackie McKay to make sure they do not depart from Waterkloof. The group was told to go to OR Tambo Airport,” he said. Motsoaledi said all passports were matched with photos and the plane was searched by police before being allowed to depart Waterkloof. He said the plane was searched a second time at OR Tambo and the Bushiris were not on board.