BLACK Leopards attacker, Lefa Hlongwane, says that he wants to be released by the Limpopo outfit.According to the frustrated player, he has since spoken to club chairman, David Thidiela, to give him his clearance but nothing is forthcoming.  “I phoned the chairman and I said ‘guys, give me my clearance and I’ll see what I can do’," the 27-year-old told SunSport. He said this comes after his "ill treatment" by the club where he alleges that he has not been paid his full salary for months. “So what I’m fighting for now is my clearance and I don’t want their money anymore because they are not treating me well," he said. “What is so painful, I fought hard for this team to survive last season and I had a huge impact. “But I have told them that I want my clearance and they haven’t issued it yet, and I don’t know what to do next. The chairman said I must go and look for club and they will sell me. I questioned why they wanted to sell me when they're not paying me?” Hlongwane, who joined Leopards from Jomo Cosmos in the second half of the 2017-18 season, said his troubles started in the bio bubble in Gauteng where for three months his salary has not been paid in full. As that ordeal was not enough, the left-winger, who played in 19 matches in all competitions for the club in the past season, suffered an injury against Bidvest Wits on 2 September. He further alleges that the club refused seek medical help for him and the only relief he could get to ease the pain was through painkillers.This led to him missing the last game of the past campaign against Mamelodi Sundowns, which saw the club's then coach Pitso Mosimane’s men win the Absa Premiership title while Leopards finished second last to go through to the play-offs.    He explains in an audio: “I suffered an injury in the bubble and he (club manager) refused to take me to the doctor,” said Hlongwane. “I asked them to take me to the doctor because it was my leg in pain, and they didn’t honour that and then I decided to leave. When I left and went home, I met a friend of mine who is physiotherapist to look after me.” Hlongwane was said to have left Leopards at the end of the season, which could have been exhasebated by fact that he never played in any of the four games in the play-offs as Leopards retained their DStv Premiershi status. Despite the trauma, Hlongwane is back at the club and he’s training with them, though he has yet to featured this season under coach Patrick Aussems. “When I came back for the new season, I tested for the Covid-19 using my own money,” Hlongwane explains. “They took me to the club’s DC and after that they told me to train with the team but when it’s month end, they didn’t pay me, until today. I don’t know why. They are not even asking me how I’m paying the rent." Leopards manager, Tshifhiwa Thidiela, said he was “not sure what you are talking about but I’ll go and find out”. “So I don’t know what is going on. But I’ll go and find and I’ll tell you,” he responded on Sunday.