RASSIE Erasmus says the Springboks deserve tremendous credit for their incredible achievement in Japan. Today marks a year since South Africa lifted the Rugby World Cup, victory which continues to inspire South Africans to this day. Siya Kolisi captained the Boks to their third World Cup win through a convincing 32-12 victory over England at the International Stadium Yokohama. Even though the Boks were unable to play any Test rugby this year because of the COVID-19 pandemic, memories of the Boks running out against England in the final at Yokohama International Stadium are still vivid. Erasmus, Boks former coach, said that looking back one year later, he is still amazed at the huge impact the victory had on all South Africans. “It was a full-on team effort, from players to coaches and management staff – they all worked incredibly hard and made many sacrifices to make that success a reality,” said Erasmus. “It’s astonishing, really. I will never forget the amazing welcome scenes at the airport, or the many thousands of people that came out to share in the team’s joy during the victory parades. “And, one year later, people still say how they enjoyed the win and how proud they are of that achievement.” According to SA Rugby President Mr Mark Alexander, South Africans are in for a bumper 2021 rugby year. The victory in Tokyo capped a memorable year for the Springboks, who were also crowned as the 2019 Rugby Championship winners, while the South African rugby team were also awarded with the prestigious 2019 Laureus Team of the Year Award in Monaco. “That magnificent victory once more showed that sport can be a great tool for social cohesion in our country,” said Mr Alexander. “The past year was obviously a difficult year because of the pandemic, but next year we are in for a bumper rugby year when the Boks will play against the best of the UK and Ireland. “I have no doubt they will continue to make this nation very proud with their performances on the field. On behalf of the South African rugby fraternity, I want to say once more thank you to the Springboks for inspiring so many of our people.”