FAMILY and community members of a Barberton couple in Mpumalanga are still in shock following their brutal murder in the early hours of Monday morning, 29 November, by intruders at their house. Gugu Mkhiza (49) and Malcolm Mathe (35) were found dead in their rented flat. A family member, who spoke to Daily Sun on condition of anonymity, said they became worried when her aunt’s workers couldn’t reach her. Gugu owns a tavern. They went to search for her and decided to go and check where they live. “We tried calling her but she didn’t answer her phone. We went to where they stay and Malcolm’s uncle told us they have been kidnapped. We then reported the matter to the police,” said the family member. The police went to the house and made the gruesome discovery. Malcom’s body was found lying near the bathroom, while Gugu’s was found next to the bed. “We’re still shocked and can’t make sense of anything. We have mixed emotions. There’s rage and anger. We’re hurt,” she said. Community members said they live in fear as shooting incidents continue to increase in the area. Community member Siyabonga Malandule called for the police to find the perpetrators. “We’ll wage a war to silence the roaring of guns in our kasi. Every week we lose those we love, not because they were sick but because of trigger-happy fools,” he said. “We condemn the criminal elements in our midst and are calling the police to intervene.” Mpumalanga police spokesman Colonel Donald Mdluli said the police have launched a manhunt for the suspects. Mdluli said four armed male suspects allegedly entered the yard belonging to a certain family where they held the owner hostage and tied him with clothing items. The men then broke into the backroom where the couple was residing as tenants and robbed them of their belongings, stole keys to the couple’s liquor outlet and shot and killed them before they fled the scene. He said the suspects proceeded to the liquor business where it’s believed they were looking for cash. “There are two male persons questioned by the police with regard to the incident. The public should allow space for the members to conduct their investigation,” he said.