EXACTLY a month ago, he signed a three-year deal with Bloemfontein Celtic. Now midfielder Jabulani Ncobeni and two teammates have been involved in a car crash. The accident happened in Dan Pienaar, Bloemfontein, in the early hours of Monday, 9 November. The Bloemfontein Celtic Facebook page posted the signing deal of Jabulani on 9 October, where he was seen with team CEO, Khumbulani Konco. They captioned the photo: “Bloemfontein Celtic is delighted to announce the signing of Jabulani Nkosingiphile Ncobeni (right wing) on a three-year deal. Welcome home.” Jabulani was in his white VW Golf GTI when he lost control of the vehicle and hit trees and poles. One woman was rushed to hospital and the three players said they were fine and not taken to hospital. A witness, who wished to remain anonymous, said the car’s suspension broke and the front wheels parted with the car. She told Daily Sun: “One wheel was found about 200 metres from the car and the second front wheel landed about 150 metres away. The tyres were torn out of the mag rims and the car was a write-off. “I saw two Bloemfontein Celtic players named Andile Fikizolo and the driver was another player, Jabulani Ncobeni. I don’t know the name of the third player. The three players said they were fine and refused to be taken by ambulance.” Med 24/7 ambulance manager, Rohan Benn, told Daily Sun: “There was a motor vehicle accident and one woman (22) sustained head injuries. The other people in the car didn’t want to go to hospital.” Konco said the players were fine and at home, and he declined to name the third player. Brigadier Motantsi Makhele confirmed that Celtic players were involved in an accident. “A Golf GTI was involved in an accident at Dan Pienaar Drive just after the robot of Lucas Steyn Drive. It happened around midnight. “Their car hit the trees and poles. Only one injured lady was taken to hospital. The others said they were fine. Three of them are Bloemfontein Celtic players. We’re investigating a case of reckless and negligent driving.”