With
Bhovamania flourishing, multi-award winning artist and business man, AKA is
enjoying every bit of success revolving around his latest album release. With
class in session and the Supa Mega at the podium, the renowned artist shares
his inspired taste of Summer with yet another mind-blowing CRUZ flavour, this
time “CRUZ Banana Deluxe”. The brand's marketing manager, Rachel de Mardt, told
Daily sun that this announcement comes after the incredible success of CRUZ
Watermelon, a flavour many never knew they needed and still reigning as one of
the fastest growing vodka flavours in South Africa. Rachel
said CRUZ Banana Deluxe carries the smooth five times distilled core of the
CRUZ range, dressed in an iconic yellow bottle and is the epitome of AKA -
bold, intense and a first of its kind in South Africa. “The country will get to
experience its ingenuity first hand with this unique flavour and smell, set to
awaken and activate even the dullest of taste buds,” Rachel. She further said
people should expect a crafted balance between indulgence and refreshment with
the banana flavour as the star of the show and a tasteful hint of vanilla to
top it off. Pioneer
and innovator are not new titles within the repertoire of Mzansi rap royalty,
AKA. Speaking to Daily Sun, AKA said he wanted to create a Banana flavoured
vodka because it has never been done before. “It’s always about the vibes and
taking it to the next level. Here’s my gift to you, a toast to the Supa-Mega,
the unique taste of CRUZ Banana Deluxe,” he said. He’s encouraging Mzansi to
try this limited edition with Lemonade over ice or with Tonic and Soda,
depending on your perfect serve, pop a lime wedge over ice and you’re set. Rachel said the hitmaker of Baddest, Run Jozi and Fela In Versace also recently released his latest studio album, Bhovamania, already climbing charts straight to the top. “Now his fans will have the best of both worlds, smooth CRUZ Banana Deluxe Vodka and a fresh set of hits to cruise into a luxurious Summer,” said Rachel. In the words of AKA, “If I put my name on it, you best believe I’m bringing my A-game on it. Trust the Supa mega to drop a taste like nobody else had ever!” Limited edition CRUZ Banana Deluxe is available at leading retailers nationally from 23 November.