IT’S been a woeful start to the season for Maritzburg United. The KwaZulu-Natal outfit have been a shadow of the team that punched above their weight last season to finish in the top eight. Instead, they are looking more like the team that had to fight to keep their top-flight status through the play-offs the season before. Eric Tinkler’s charges have lost all four of their DStv Premiership matches so far and are yet to register a point. It’s the Team of Choice’s worst start ever and Tinkler has no choice but to mastermind a change in fortunes fairly quickly if he is to avoid trouble. Tinkler watched his side fall to their fourth consecutive defeat at the hands of Black Leopards in the scorching heat in Thohoyandou on Saturday. They dominated their opponents for the better part of the match and still walked away empty handed at the end of the day. Tinkler, however, is seeing the light and insists that It is only a matter of time before his side get up and running as far as winning is concerned. “It was a massively disappointing loss,” said Tinkler in reaction to their latest defeat. “I feel for the players because I felt they deserved to win. We dominated and dictated play for practically the whole match but did not take the opportunities we created and we got punished for it. “This has been the story of our season so far. We don’t seem to be able to buy a result but let’s see what happens going forward.” Tinkler is hoping for better luck for his side heading into their next match against SuperSport United on Friday at Harry Gwala Stadium (8pm). But Matsatsantsa A Pitori will not make it easy for Tinkler and his charges as they also look to bounce back from a setback of their own 2-1 defeat against Orlando Pirates also on Saturday. Tinkler believes his biggest task at the moment will be motivating his dispirited team and getting them up for the challenge. “The morale and confidence of the team are low, we have to look to try and build it and get it up there,” added Tinkler. “We’ve all been disappointed with how things have gone. I also can’t fault the players for our last result, our performance was very good we just didn’t take our chances and ultimately that is what cost us. But we move on to the next match.”   