THE family of a 20-year-old relative who allegedly killed a mother and her child believes he was under the influence of drugs. They said the suspect must be punished for what he allegedly did, but he first needs help as they believe he is an addict. Siphesihle Magwaza (25) and her son Owami (5) from Ulundi, KZN, were found dead on Sunday. Their bodies had stab wounds and Owami’s throat was slit. Nkanyiso Magwaza (30) told Daily Sun he was driving past Siphesihle’s home when he saw residents standing at the gate. “I parked my car and went to check what was going on. I found the suspect lying on the ground and I asked why he was beaten. He confessed that he stabbed Siphesihle and Owami to death and they were still in the house. The cops were already called. They arrived and arrested him,” said Nkanyiso. He said they suspect that he killed Siphesihle over tenants’ money as they paid their rent to her. Nkanyiso said the three lived together in the house and they also had tenants in the same yard. “We were living together but I moved out last year in April when the suspect started being an addict and started stealing from the house. He would demand the money and went to smoke,” said Nkanyiso. He said the suspect even dropped out of school in grade 10. “I believe he needs help before being punished for what he did,” said Nkanyiso. According to cops, the tenants, who are pupils at one of the schools in Ulundi, arrived at the house on Sunday and were greeted by an unbearable smell coming from one of the rooms. They found the suspect alone in the house. The suspect demanded that the tenants should pay rent to him since the deceased was not in the house. However, the tenants refused to give him the money. They started searching for Siphesihle and found her dead. Colonel Thembeka Mbele said Siphesihle was found lying on the floor in her bedroom covered with a blanket, and both feet were tied with a cloth. “The victim sustained multiple stab wounds all over the body. A search for the child was conducted and the deceased child was found outside in the garage, packed in a green bag. “He had also sustained multiple stab wounds all over the body and his throat was slit. Both the victims and the suspect were staying in the same house,” Mbele. She said the suspect was arrested. The suspect (20) appeared in Mahlabathini Magistrates Court today for murder of mother and son. The matter was remanded to 9 November 2020 for formal bail application.