GRADE 12 pupils are starting their final exams today, but the 18-year-old pregnant pupil is not sure whether she will write her exams. Anele Mbatha from Mnambithi in Ladysmith, KZN, was expelled from Mzimela Secondary School last month after it was discovered she’s pregnant. Anele told Daily Sun all she wanted was to write the exams. “I feel that the school is delaying my dream of becoming a chartered accountant. “I am a hard worker and believe I will pass, but the school is standing in my way,” said Anele, who is seven months pregnant. She said she wrote all her trial exams, but was told not to come back. “They told me to stay home and come back after I had given birth. HUSBAND RAPED MY TWINS! “This didn’t sit well with me because I know I will make it. My pregnancy never affected anyone,” said Anele. She said she didn’t know whether she would write or not, but her mother would meet the school management today. She said she had already applied to two universities in Durban and Qwaqwa. Anele’s mother, Zandile Mbatha, (38) said she wanted the department to intervene. Another pregnant pupil, Nonkululeko Zwane (18) told Daily Sun, it was the norm at Mzimela to chase away pregnant pupils. “I am eight months pregnant. They found out during my trial exams and expelled me. I didn’t finish writing two exams,” said Nonkululeko. She said her mother stood up for her and fought and she will now write the final exams at another school. School principal Ngobese, who refused to give his first name, said: “I will not respond on the matter. ZODWA DOESN'T MIND WHEN FANS LICK HER PUNANI “The parents came up with the decision to expel pregnant pupils.” The school governing body refused to speak to Daily Sun over the phone and asked the SunTeam to come to the school. KZN Education spokesman Muzi Mahlambi said every school had a code of conduct that needed to be followed. “Pupils must stick to their work and avoid falling pregnant. I believe this doesn’t implicate this pupil. It’s a school policy,” said Mahlambi. But he said that did not mean she shouldn’t write the final exams.