LILONGWE Magistrates Court has said the arrest of self-proclaimed Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and wife Mary was illegal and ordered the immediate release of the couple. Bushiri and his wife made a court appearance on Thursday, 19 November after they were bust on Wednesday by Malawian police. The state prosecutor told the court the Bushiris should be detained for 30 days in Maula Prison, asking if the couple could abscond bail in South Africa, what would stop them from fleeing in Malawi. The court said this would allow for final communication with South African authorities on the Bushiris’ extradition process. Their lawyer Wapona Kita objected against the couple being detained further, arguing that they should be released unconditionally. Bushiri and his wife Mary spent the night in the Malawian prison while filing for bail. They had handed themselves over to the Malawi authorities on Tuesday, after Mzansi’s government sent Interpol to their country They allegedly had fled to their home country last Wednesday, stating they didn’t feel safe in Mzansi, where two warrants of arrests have been issued for them and where they face charges of theft, fraud and money laundering. Acting Lilongwe Chief Resident Magistrate Viva Nyimba said their arrest was illegal, since the warrant wasn’t channelled through the ministry of homeland security. He also said the court would act independently and not be influenced by anything. Nyimba said the couple must be released in the interest of justice and they had voluntarily handed themselves over to police. He said there was no risk of them not complying with further obligations. Meanwhile, the Bushiris have lost their R5,5 million home in Mzansi after failing to present themselves at the Pretoria Magistrates Court on Thursday, 19 November as per the court’s instruction after they had fled the country. Magistrate Thandi Theledi issued the order to seize their estate in Centurion. Bushiri told Malawi’s media he didn’t care if his property was seized in Mzansi, saying his life was more important. He also said he believed in the legal system in Malawi and came to that country to seek justice.