IF you have been in the business of making cars in Mzansi for 10 years, what is the best way to celebrate those years? Despite challenges of the year, you still do what you know best and do it with a little bang. That is what Honda Motor Southern Africa did when launching two cars, the all-new WR-V SUV and the Ballade. Expected to join its already best-selling siblings, the Jazz and BR-V SUVs, is the trendy and most reliable WR-V. And according to the newly-appointed president of Honda Motor Southern Africa, Yuishi Fukuda, the entry-level SUV is growing in Mzansi and the carmaker expects this car to continue where the other two left off, attracting start-up families. “The WV-R has all of Honda’s proven attributes in terms of unrivalled quality, durability and reliability, while appealing to a new market in the compact SUV segment,” he said. The two models are Elegance 5MT and Comfort 5MT. First to draw your attention in the WR-V will be its bold and stylish front with some bold headlight and fog lights design. Under the wide bonnet lies the 1,2 litre 4 cylinder petrol engine, which tries its best to meet the demands of the driver on the road. The interior is modest and simple in this compact SUV but somewhat gets the job done in keeping the driver busy. The three new models of the popular Ballade, on the other hand, include the 1,5 Comfort CVT, 1,5 Elegance CVT and 1,5 RS CVT.  Fukuda said to understand the progress Honda has made in South Africa, you must look at this Ballade, which is highest quality at a reasonable price. Thank God, the front of the Ballade is slightly different from the straight-nose of the Amaze, making it a sleek sporty sedan. The interior gives that sense of openness with the 110mm longer base and 55mm width, which give the car enough legroom for all passengers. The 1,5 litre V-tech engine with the good 89kW 6 600 rpm is a huge improvement from the previous model. And the car is quite solid and stable, although it does scream a bit. Pricing: WR-V 1,2 Comfort MT R289 900 WR-V 1,2 Comfort MT 319 900 Ballafe 1,5 Comfort CVT R336 500 Ballade 1,5 Elegance CVT R366 900 Ballade 1,5 RS CVT R396 900