WITH more than 90 wards up for grabs in the by-elections on Wednesday, 11 November, ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule said he was confident the party would do well. He embarked on a door-to-door campaign in Kagiso, Mogale City, on Sunday. Magashule said: “The people of South Africa have complete confidence in the ANC. They’ll continue to vote for the ANC. We’ve recovered and renewed the ANC and are keeping in touch with our people.” Magashule rubbished claims that the FBI could be after him after they contacted his personal assistant. “There is nothing like that. My PA is studying in America. They just wanted to know where she lives because she gave the Zondo Commission her address,” he said. Military veteran Chris Mfazo (63) told Daily Sun they expected a lot from the ANC. “Magashule said he will help us get ceilings for our houses, groceries, and jobs for veterans. These are our major concerns. We expected so much from the ANC, but it doesn’t do anything. The only thing we hear about the ANC is corruption allegations,” he said. The Red Berets, led by candidate councillor Prince Matlhavane and regional chairman Surprise Kubhayi, took to ward 31 in Thulamahashe. “The community members said they were fed up with empty promises, lack of services and corruption by the ANC-led government. They said the EFF was their last hope,” said Kubhayi. The ANC, led by Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa, Health MEC Gillion Mashego and Public Works MEC Sasekani Manzini, visited Thulamahashe Mall and taxi ranks. Mthethwa said: “People raised issues of service delivery such as water shortages and tar roads. “But above all, they still love the ANC.” The DA was in Emalahleni and its provincial spokesman, Sydney Masinga, said: “We’re ready and there’s a huge indication we’ll retain the Emalahleni ward.” IEC chairman Glen Mashinini said: “Covid-19 conditions improved sufficiently to enable the elections. “Circumstances still demand vigilance to health protocols by election staff, political parties, candidates, observers and other stakeholders. The electoral commission will engage with key stakeholders about new practices”