FORMER president Jacob Zuma returns to the State Capture Inquiry for day two of his application to have commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo recuse himself from the hearing. Zuma launched his bid to have Zondo recuse himself, complaining the chairman was biased toward him and he was unlikely to get a fair hearing as Zondo appears to have prejudged him. Zuma’s legal representative Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane was at pains on Monday, 16 November, explaining the reasons his clients wanted Zondo to recuse himself. He said even though Zuma did not question his integrity, some of the comments he has made about Zuma were problematic. Sikhakhane argued that Zuma regarded the commission as a slaughterhouse and a grave where he had come to be buried and that the commission had lined up sweetheart witnesses to testify against him. Sikhakhane warned that even though it was not Zuma’s intention to collapse the commission, if their bid was not successful they would take the matter further and take the inquiry into review in a court of law. “This commission was instituted to probe a crime that is not in any legal statutes of our country. State Capture is actually a political concept formulated by political opponents and yet my client is charged with a non-existent crime,” argued Sikhakhane. He added that alternatively, Zuma could decide to take the stand and exercise his right not to say anything. Zondo wanted to know from Sikhakhane the repercussions on the commission if he were to recuse himself with regard to Zuma’s testimony, to which Sikhakhane has no solution or answer. Zondo also denied a claim by Zuma in the papers submitted in the commission that the two of them were friends. Zondo said Zuma did not play any role in his rise to his judicial career. “The statement that we are friends is not accurate. Mr Zuma and I do not socialise together and have never socialised together. Mr Zuma does not get told of a death in my family and I have lost four siblings and my mother. I have never invited Mr Zuma to my birthdays or other functions since we got to know each other,” he said. Zondo is expected to deliver his decision on Tuesday, 17 November.