 THE DA is expected to announce its new leader later this afternoon during its final day of its two day elective congress which was held virtually. The party’s interim leader John Steenhuisen is widely expected to get the nod after a brave challenge by former youth leader and KZN Mbali Ntuli who has appealed to the delegates to vote for her in her last push yesterday. Ntuli has vowed how she was going to unite the party and grow the party while Steenhuisen has proposed that the party establish branches which would recruit volunteers and ground forces to make the party grow. Steenhuisen’s proposal was overwhelmingly welcomed and supported by the delegates with a resounding 89.8% while Ntuli’s proposals for a deputy leader was shot down by a 60/40% against.Ntuli in her motivation, argued that since provincial leaders had deputies, this should also be the norm in national.They disagreed. “It did not pass. 60/40 against. No deputy leader. We will continue to have deputy leaders in provinces however,” she later tweeted. Ntuli was however getting messages of support from senior party leaders such as Phumzile van Damme via social media, encouraging her that she should continue “shaking tables." “I was proud to give you my support today. Your offer of a kinder, fairer and stronger DA resonated with me deeply. I remember crying when you sent your first campaign letter, it captured so much about how I felt at the time, a time of despair. “Your commitment to the DA has never been in question. It remains unquestionable. Loyalty is not measured by agreeability but how much one is willing to work hard for a cause. You’re given almost half your life to the DA. 14 years of hard work. You earned your stripes. “If you win, stand firm on the need for kindness. And fairness. We so often forget that voters don’t give us their support because of what you say but how you make them feel. Kindness, empathy, compassion matter deeply - EQ. Keep reaching for hearts. I know you won’t forget,” van Damme went on in her Twitter thread. But it is Steenhuisen who looks poised to get the nod and her address to the delegates on Sunday morning and admitted that the country cannot escape the ANC’s grip on power. "Believe me this frustrates me as much as it does you. But here is the thing, we either throw up our hands and complain about our unfair treatment of the press or we can see it as a reflection of the expectation people still have for us. “The fact that the DA has set a higher pass mark than the ANC it’s a recognition of our capability. We strive to live up to this standard and far more. Let them low all expectations of the ANC and write off any chance of a clean, honest and efficacy government,” he said. Also on when the second day of the congress kicked off, Steenhuisen proposed for the deregulation of the labour market and collective bargaining to create jobs.