WITHIN a month plying their trade in the Premier Soccer League’s top flight, some players are alleging they have not been paid their October salaries at Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). Last Monday, one player who is known to SunSport boycotted training due to his unpaid salary. “Things are really bad at the club,” said an insider who is close to the situation. It is alleged club chairman Mulaudzi Masala is using money on his other businesses. The source continued: “Half of the squad and technical team members have not received their salaries. This has seen some players regretting they joined the club, but at the same time they had no other choice as they wanted to play in the big league on no other clubs were interested in them.” SunSport spoke to the club CEO Sello Chokoe yesterday regarding the unpaid salaries and he denied the allegations. Chokoe said: “All players have been paid their October salaries. Maybe there were delays in their payments and these (were the players) who said they have not been paid. But all have received their salaries.” SunSport has been reliably informed that some of the players at the DStv Premiership newbies are regretting joining the club which purchased the status of Bidvest Wits in July. When the season kicked off the Limpopo-based club played their first match of the season against SuperSport United with only three substitutions on the bench. They did not have enough players registered by then. Since the club bought Wits' status, TTM have grabbed the headlines for all the wrong reasons. Last month, Tshakhuma confirmed the release of former Orlando Pirates captain Oupa Manyisa and ex-Kaizer Chiefs winger Joseph Molangoane as well as Gustavo Paez. The three players left the club without kicking the ball. In another incident, the club unveiled players and only to see those players turning out for other PSL teams. They unveiled the likes of Brian Onyango and Augustine Mulenga who were later unveiled by Mamelodi Sundowns and AmaZulu FC respectively.