ABOUT 400 employees of the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) will find themselves jobless as the national broadcaster gets ready to implement Section 189 of the Labour Relations Act. According to a statement, the SABC has carefully considered all proposals from organised labour and other stakeholders. “It became clear that, sadly, our organisation requires a difficult but necessary restructuring process that will result in the reduction of staff,” read the statement. In the interest of fairness, transparency and good governance, the SABC revealed that they conducted 16 consultative sessions over four months with multiple stakeholders. SABC Group CEO, Madoda Mxakwe, said: “We reiterate that, while this decision was not an easy one, it is regrettably a necessary one for the long-term sustainability of the SABC. An insolvent SABC serves no one, not our employees or our citizens who rely on it for transparent, fair and ethical public broadcasting services. “This retrenchment is understandably challenging for all our stakeholders. But it is one part of our approved turnaround plan that will help reposition the SABC to achieve financial sustainability. ALSO READ:WATCH: ‘RICH MEN USE MUTHI’ “Addressing the SABC’s huge cost base, together with recently announced new revenue deals, will ensure that the public broadcaster is able to properly execute its mandate to serve the people of South Africa for decades to come,” said Mxakwe. The total number of impacted people has been reduced to about 400, which is significantly less than the originally projected figure of 600. In addition, there are about 170 vacant positions that will be available for employees to apply for, which provides the potential of further reducing the number of affected employees to 230. Furthermore, there are 97 positions which the organisation has identified to form part of a section 197 Business Processes Outsourcing (BPO) initiative. All affected employees will be offered a severance package of one week for each completed year of service. The SABC will also implement and consider other cost cutting alternatives, such as: Given that this difficult process is emotional and filled with uncertainty for everyone across the organisation, the public broadcaster has asked its employees to make use of its wellness department to receive professional and personal counselling.