 MZANSI will know on Thursday, 19 November if Zondo
Commission chairman, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, will step down. The much-awaited ruling on the application for recusal,
which was brought by former president Jacob Zuma was postponed on Wednesday, 18
November after Zuma filed another affidavit. Commission secretary, Professor Itumeleng Mosala, said this
forced Zondo to postpone the matter. “This morning, Mr Zuma furnished the commission with a
statement/affidavit which the chairman needs to consider. In light of this, the
chairman will no longer deliver the ruling at 3pm, but will do so at 10am on
Thursday,” said Mosala. On Monday, 16 November, the commission heard Zuma’s
application demanding that Zondo recuse himself. He claimed that Zondo was biased against him and was
unlikely to get a fair hearing as Zondo appeared to have prejudged him. Zuma’s lawyer Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane said the inquiry was
a “slaughterhouse” and “grave”, where Zuma had come to be buried. He said though it was not Zuma’s intention to collapse the
commission, if their application was not successful, they would take the matter
further and take the inquiry into review in a court of law. “The commission was instituted to probe a crime that is not
in any legal statutes of our country. State capture is actually a political
concept formulated by political opponents and yet my client is charged with a
non-existent crime,” said Sikhakhane. He said the commission fell for public opinion that Zuma
“messed up our country” by hearing testimony from “sweetheart witnesses”, like
Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan, former deputy finance minister
Mcebisi Jonas and former public enterprises minister Barbara Hogan. He said those witnesses were treated with a certain
deference. Commission evidence leader, Advocate Paul Pretorius, said if
Zondo’s recusal was to succeed, it would collapse the commission. He said they looked at the commission’s transcripts, but
could not find evidence of Zondo being “unkind” to Zuma as alleged in the
argument for recusal. “We have searched in vain for it and there is no unkind
public comment you have made,” said Pretorius. 