IF Mamelodi Sundowns think they will carry on from where they’ve left it off when they host a fully charged up AmaZulu in their DStv Premiership clash at Loftus Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm), they’d better think again. AmaZulu have had enough of the thrashing by the Tshwane giants who defeated them three times last season in all competitions. One of those games was a 5-0 hammering in the quarter-finals of the Telkom Knockout in which Sundowns went on to win the trophy. In those matches, Sundowns scored nine goals without reply from Usuthu. This time around, AmaZulu are determined to end their losing streak against the defending champions as they believe they can cause problems for Downs. The Durban-based club were aggressive in the transfer market. They signed, among others, Siphiwe Tshabalala, Xola Mlambo, Augustine Mulenga, Luvuyo Memela, Makhehleni Makhaula. Memela has impressed since he joined Usuthu, having scored both goals in the club’s win over Black Leopards to see them register their first league win of the season. AmaZulu defender Thapelo Xoki, who is fully aware that this season’s mandate from the club chairman, Sandile Zungu, is to finish in the top four, said they want to pick up where they left off before the Fifa international break when they face star-studded Sundowns. “It’s a different ball game altogether and we know we’re playing against the team that’s competing for the league trophy,” said Xoki. “They’re not easy to play against, but we have to make sure we keep the momentum going. “The result we got in the last game is something to build on. Three points are up for grabs and we also want them,” he said. Meanwhile, Sundowns are sweating over the fitness level of some of their key players. Andile Jali and Kermit Erasmus are struggling with minor injuries while Downs will have to asses all the other players returning from international duty. Co-coach Rhulani Mokwena said Jali hasn’t trained with the club “but we’re getting good feedback from the doctors”. Mokwena is wary of the danger posed by AmaZulu: “They have played four matches now and come into this game with a lot of confidence after they beat Black Leopards convincingly.” “We have ambitions this season and we know where we need to be and such games are very important for us. “We know that we haven’t registered an away win yet. We have to make sure that we apply ourselves correctly and play to the best to our best of abilities.”