SUNSPORT has learnt that there could be a massive player exodus at Maritzburg United at the end of the current season. Some players could be released as early as next week, or when the 2019-20 Absa Premiership ends. The current Premiership season has been a serious worry for many players and coaches, most of whom will lose their positions, or be forced into redundancy due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Though the players are yet to be informed, it is understood that Siyanda Xulu, who will be kept until the season has been concluded, is unlikely to be retained by the club. The 28-year-old talented skipper joined the Team of Choice back in 2017 and has been a fan favourite. But he is not what coach Eric Tinkler would like to keep in his ensemble. Another 28-year-old, Miguel Timm, has been a regular at the team but made little impact, starting in 22 matches, including the league, Nedbank Cup and Telkom Knockout. Out of nine matches on the field for the Team of Choice, based in Pietermaritzburg, Yusuf Jappie could also find himself looking for employment elsewhere if he hasn’t found a new club, just yet. Jappie has contributed a mere one goal, plus an assist, which has been seen as making little to no impact for a left-winger. There is apparently a huge debate regarding the retaining of former Caps United right-winger Gabriel Nyoni and ex-Chicken Inn striker Clive Augusto, both of whom have been shadows of themselves and delivered little of what they promised. “I understand the coach has been in discussions with some of the players about their performance in the current season,” said our deep throat. “Look, details are sketchy at the moment, but I suspect some of those players will not be retained by the club, especially considering the foreign quota of players. “It will only be fair to keep the players who have performed for the team, and release those who have taken space.” Surely, the ambitious Tinkler would be following on his initial decision to let go of Jeremy Brockie, whose record is no different to the above players. “Brockie wanted to stay on, but he realised that he is just wasting other players’ space in the team,” our mole added. The New Zealander, on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns, has been linked with a move back to SuperSport United.