THE lockdown period, meant to curb the spread of the coronavirus, has been good for the world, but taxing for lovers who live apart. At the height of Mzansi’s Alert Level 5 of the lockdown, some people were bust for attempting to go and see their lovers. One woman was even found in the boot of her lover’s car, as he was attempting to smuggle her in from another province. The SunTeam spoke to two couples about their lockdown love and how they kept things interesting. Kabelo Nyalungu and Denise Pieterse, who’ve been together for almost three years, said they keep sparks flying by making time for each other. Explained Kabelo: “Obviously, we use technology to our advantage and video call each other. We also have ‘movie dates’ virtually. “So basically, we watch the same movie at the same time and talk about it over the phone. Things feel pretty much the same, although we don’t see each other.” According to Kabelo, the lockdown period didn’t affect their relationship as they weren’t used to seeing one another. “When our relationship started, we were in a long-distance relationship,” Kabelo said. “She was in Limpopo and I was in Mpumalanga. So, we’re used to not seeing one another for a long time. As long as we’re keeping our love burning over the phone.” Another couple from KZN, Sanele Mkhonza and Nompumelelo “Mpume” Maseko, said they kept seeing each other, regardless of the Alert Level 5 and 4 restrictions. Insisted Sanele: “Mpume and I have been seeing one another during the lockdown. Not always though because she works in Volksrust, Mpumalanga and I in Newcastle. “We’ve both been going to work during the lockdown. But whenever we could, we saw one another.” When asked why they continued risking it all for love, his answer was pragmatic. “There weren’t any confirmed cases in the towns we worked in. So, we didn’t see it as a risk,” Sanele commented. “But there’s been a confirmed case in Volksrust, so we’ve decided not to see one another until we know it’s safe to. “When we’re not together, we always talk on the phone. Social media is helpful.” Below are tips to help keep your love burning during the lockdown Being in love during this time is hard, but not impossible.