RAMI Chuene and Anga Makubalo have scored themselves roles on the upcoming BET Africa telenovela, Isono. The telenovela is set to premiere next month. Speaking to Daily Sun, Rami said: “I was excited when I got the role. ‘It’s always an honour to be part of a new project. “I play a married woman called Jumima who grew up in an orphanage and because of the trauma she experienced when she was young, she is now mentally unstable. “She also has her own orphanage which she runs with her husband,” she said. Rami said playing Jumima has been fun, but yet challenging. “I’m naturally a person who talks a lot. My character doesn’t talk as much as I would like her to. “Viewers will be shocked at how little Rami speaks, and that there’s a point where I act with just gestures and don’t say much. “For each and every character that I play I come with a different approach. So when preparing for this role I looked at it as the first project that I have ever done. I have put in a lot of energy, time and passion to be able to execute it properly,” she said. The actress, who was axed from The Queen, told the People’s Paper that this role came at the right time. “I am grateful that I have never been unable to work. It came right on time. It was perfect timing more than anything,” she said. Anga said: “I was excited when I got the role, especially because it is BET, a brand that I’ve always wanted to work with. “I play a famous footballer, who’s an inspiring guy and a lot of people look up to him. “He’s a delicate person, nothing really shady about him. He loves everyone and he has a positive outlook on life,” he said. The actor said there are lot of similarities between him and his character. “There are some things about him that I see in myself, which makes it a bit more natural for me to play. “But I really challenge myself a lot when it comes to the emotional part of him, as he goes through a lot of trials and tribulations,” he said. )    Isono    will premiere next month on BET Africa, channel 129