WHEN Tiyani Mabunda joined Mamelodi Sundowns in 2013 from Black Leopards, not many expected him to make such an impact with the Tshwane giants. However, the Polokwane-born midfielder’s resilience and determination has seen him prove his distractors wrong on his way to a successful career with the ambitious Brazilians. Mabunda has not found the task of breaking into the star-studded Sundowns line-up easy, but he was patient enough to wait for his chance. After initially struggling to get a look in at Downs, Mabunda was shipped out on loan to Free State Stars before returning as a man on a mission. And when Pitso Mosimane finally gave him another chance to show his capabilities, Mabunda grabbed the opportunity with both hands and never looked back. He has since won four league titles – the Telkom Knockout, the Caf Champions League and the Caf Super Cup with the Brazilians. “I’ve learnt throughout my career that it’s not just talent that will get you there, but it also requires a lot of hard work,” Mabunda recently told his club’s official website. “I have played against some of the biggest teams in the world and on the continent, and that’s really a great feeling to have gone up against Barcelona, Zamalek, Al Ahly, Wydad Casablanca – those are the games you cherish because they bring the best out of you because you dig deep and exhaust all the efforts that you have.” Mabunda, like many of his colleagues, is itching to get back on the field to conclude the current season which has been halted by the deadly coronavirus pandemic. Sundowns, the defending Absa Premiership champions, are involved in another thrilling battle for the league title with rivals Kaizer Chiefs, who are a mere four points ahead at the top of the league, having played a game more. The 32-year-old former Lidoda Duvha player believes the lengthy break could benefit Downs who had not rested due to their continental commitments. “We have been through a difficult time with the pandemic and the lockdown, but there is light at the end of the tunnel,” added Mabunda. “We look forward to returning to the field of play because that is who we are and what we stand for. “We want to continue where we left off, but we really needed this rest. “For the first time in seven years, we have had time to rest. “So I am looking forward to restarting the engine and playing high intensity football. We are geared up to retain our title. I believe the boys are ready and want to also celebrate the club turning 50 years.”