THE
Independent Electoral Commission has welcomed the Constitutional Court landmark
ruling that declared the Electoral Act as unconstitutional as so far as not
allowing independent candidates to contest provincial and national elections. The
commission in welcoming the ruling said it stands ready to help Parliament to
rectify constitutional defects as instructed by the court ruling read by
Justice Mbuyiseli Madlanga. Madlanga in
the ruling gave parliament two years to fix the act which will pave the way for
independent candidates to contest elections individually and not representing a
party as has been the case. “The
Electoral Commission welcomes the clarity the Court has provided to the
interpretation of the rights of citizens to stand for public office. We will
study the judgment in detail to reflect on its full implications for the
current electoral system and legislative framework governing national and
provincial elections,” said Commission Chairperson Mr. Glen Mashinini in a
statement. Mashinini
said the timing of this judgment, and the Parliament review of the electoral
system it prompts is opportune given both the maturing of South Africa’s
democracy and the looming impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on election processes
around the world. The ruling
comes a day after the ANC announced that its national working committee has
tabled a proposal on election reforms and has mandated its legislators and
sub-committee of its National Executive Committee to do further research. The legal
bid was launched by the New Nation Movement's (NNM) challenging the current
Electoral Act 73 of 1998 and argued that it infringes on the right to exercise
individual political choices. The court
agreed. This means
an individual need not belong to a political party to contest elections and
Madlanga in his judgment said a conscious choice not to form or join a
political party was as much a political choice as was a choice to form or join
a political party. "Undeniably,
political party membership also comes with impediments that may be unacceptable
to others… it may be overly restrictive to the free-spirited, it may be
censored to those who are loathed to be straight-jacketed by predetermined
party positions. "In a
sense, it just may at times detract from the element of self, the idea of a
free self, one’s idea of freedom," said Madlanga. In the
past, independent candidates were only allowed to contest in municipalities
elections.