The SABC is planning a special broadcast in honour of the late veteran radio host, Eddie Makhosonke Zondi. He passed away on 16 June six years ago. The much-anticipated broadcast will see two SABC brands bringing a fitting tribute to the homes of radio listeners and television viewers, simultaneously. The tribute will take place this Saturday from 10pm to 2am live on SABC1 and METRO FM. It can also be streamed around the world through METROFM’s YouTube channel. It will feature METRO FM’s Love Movement team, anchored by his close friend Wilson B Nkosi alongside Msizi Shembe, Sentle Lehoko, who took over the Romantic Repertoire following Eddie's passing, and Mpho Madise (Mo G). They will each play an hour-long set of love tunes in remembrance of Eddie Zondi. METRO FM presenters Thomas Msengana and Lerato Kganyago will host the show. The tribute will also include performances from a long list of South African musicians Eddie held dear to his heart. These artists include the Jaziel Brothers, Donald and Moneoa. They will each pay homage to the legend by performing songs which enjoyed healthy spins on his show and that are still playlisted on METROFM and SABC1 to date. The station's acting manager, Anthony Soglo said: “We trust that this tribute will enable us to create long lasting memories for the many people around the world who were touched by Eddie Zondi as well as our audiences. We are hopeful that it will keep his legacy alive and show his family how much we miss and appreciate him.” The broadcaster's head of channel, Phumzile Zonke said: “Mr Eddie Makhosonke Zondi is a true icon that will always remain in our hearts and our minds. Therefore leveraging on the power of the SABC’s largest television brand, SABC1, in partnership with SABC’s coolest radio station in the country METRO FM, is an initiative befitting a broadcast of this nature for a radio legend of this magnitude. As SABC1, we believe that our viewers will tune in, in their numbers to enjoy this special broadcast as we continue to keep his legacy alive”. METRO FM has been paying tribute to Eddie Zondi annually, since his passing, in honour of his exceptional work in the music and broadcasting industry. Last year, the station hosted a legends’ concert, which saw Chris Walker headlining the concert to pay homage to Eddie and his family.