STELLENBOSCH FC will not extend the contract of veteran defender Morgan Gould when it ends on 30 June. The club have also confirmed that Iqraam Rayners, who was key figure with his goals when they won promotion to the Absa Premiership last season, will also leave the club at the end of this month and join SuperSport United. Rayners, who was the GladAfrica Championship top goal scorer last term with 19 goals, signed a pre-contract with the three-time league champions. His current deal with the Stellies expires at the end of this month. Due to club football around the world stopped by the pandemic Covid-19 in March, the PSL were among those affected and suspended the 2019-20 season indefinitely. Fifa issued a guideline that players whose contracts end this month and others who have signed a pre-contract, should remain at their respective clubs until their respective seasons are completed. However, the decision rests with the affected players and clubs. But Stellies coach Steve Barker said the club made a decision on Rayners a while ago that they won’t keep him until the season is finished, and will release their current league top scorer to SuperSport. “Rayners will be joining SuperSport at the end of June,” said Barker. “This was the decision made by the club that his contract is ending this month and he becomes a SuperSport player on 1 July. “He’s done well for the club and we are very grateful for his services. “He’s now got a new chapter (of his career) to look forward to. It is with our blessings that he joins SuperSport.” On Gould, Barker said they decided not to keep him and will leave the club immediately. The 37-year-old, who also played for SuperSport, joined Stellies at the beginning of this season. As a new team in the top flight, Stellies were looking for Gould’s immense experience to help them while they built the team. Unfortunately, the former PSL Footballer of the Season only featured in 11 matches in all competitions. “Morgan was really good for us, on and off the field,” revealed Barker. “A true professional, a legend of South African football, it was a pleasure to have him at our club. We also thank him for his services and we wish him well in his career going forward.”