AS Mzansi sinks deeper into debt, the government will be knocking on more doors for more loans. This is according to Finance Minister Tito Mboweni, who tabled his supplementary budget to Parliament yesterday via the internet. Mboweni said R21,5 billion should be allocated to Covid-19, healthcare spending and R12,6 billion would be allocated to services at the frontline fighting against the virus. “Government intends to borrow about $7 billion (about R121 billion) internationally. Our early projection is that gross national debt will be close to R4 trillion by the end of this financial year,” he said. TOKOLOSHE HELPS MAGOSHA QUIT! This was mainly due to the revised revenue projections and pay-outs from the UIF. According to the minister, the government will miss its tax collection target by R300 billion. Mboweni revealed the revised budget would see spending exceeding R2 trillion for the first time ever. The country’s economy is expected to shrink by 7,2% – the biggest collapse in income per person for 150 years. Mboweni said unemployment would remain the biggest economic challenge in the year ahead. Yesterday, Stats SA announced the unemployment rate was standing at about 30%. The minister said the president’s job creation and protection initiative would include a repurposed public employment programme and a Presidential Youth Employment Intervention. ANC MAN SHOT DEAD IN FRONT OF DAUGHTER! He said over 18 million people had received a temporary grant since the implementation of the lockdown and the roll-out for the short-term special relief distress grant would provide relief for those without an income. “An additional 1,5 million people have received these payouts already and to support vulnerable households, an additional allocation of R25,5 billion to the Social Development Department is proposed,” he said. Mboweni said government has successfully increased bed capacity for the pandemic to above 27 000, identified 400 quarantine sites with about 36 000 beds and deployed nearly 50 000 community healthcare workers to screen people in South Africa.