BAFANA Bafana legend Benni McCarthy backs exciting prospect Percy Tau to break his senior national team goal scoring record. The former Cape Town City coach holds the record with 31 goals in 80 matches for Bafana, while Tau has found the back of the net on nine occasions in 21 appearances. McCarthy (42) believes Tau, who plays his football in the Belgian Premier League for Club Brugge KV, can surpass his goal scoring exploits, if he carries on with his form. McCarthy said a player of Tau’s calibre can play in Europe for many years. Shaun Bartlett, who is now an assistant coach at Kaizer Chiefs, is second on the goal scoring charts with 29 goals, followed by former Mamelodi Sundowns striker Katlego “Killer” Mphela on 23 goals. The 26-year-old Tau helped Brugge to the Belgian league title last month, and also caught many club’s attention in the Uefa Champions League campaign this season. McCarthy told the South African Journalist Association that Tau can help Bafana qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals, scheduled for Cameroon next year and the World Cup finals in Qatar in 2022. “I think Percy Tau has got every quality to succeed in Europe and surpass my all-time Bafana goal scoring charts,” McCarthy said. But for Tau to overtake him in the goal scoring charts, McCarthy wants him to play in his favourite position. “When he plays for Bafana, they must play him in his most favourable position,” he suggested. “I think the unfortunate part for Percy is that he always suffers setbacks because he’s such a versatile player. “Coaches take it upon themselves to play him on the wing, play him behind the number nine. “When you have a quality of such a player, you must ask him where he is most comfortable, and where you are going to get the best out of him. “Every time I watched Bafana matches I see him being played in a different position, and if he is the most influential player that we have, then why must he be sacrificed?” asked McCarthy. Since he parted ways with The Citizens in the Mother City earlier this season, McCarthy is yet to return to coaching. But he has reiterated his desire to return to the sidelines soon. McCarthy is back at his home in Scotland, and is eager to coach relegated Hearts so that he could be closer to his family. “I want to coach in Portugal or Scotland, and I’m eager to join Hearts,” said an optimistic McCarthy.