THE pain of not progressing to the knockout stages of the 2010 World Cup still rankles for Siphiwe Tshabalala. Ten years may have elapsed ever since South Africa hosted the historic Fifa football showpiece, but “Shabba” said every moment of the Bafana action remains fresh in his mind. Mzansi will mark the commemoration of the 10-year anniversary of the 2010 Fifa tournament on Thursday. However, Tshabalala is looking back with mixed feelings to the days South Africa made history by becoming the first ever African country to host the world’s biggest football spectacle. Bafana, the pride of the nation, bombed out in the group stage after they won one, lost one and drew one of their three matches. “It was disappointing that we didn’t advance to the next round,” Tshabalala told journalists yesterday. “I personally feel we should have won the first game (against Mexico). The second game (against Uruguay) was a tough game. We even got a red card. I even accepted defeat from that game. “The third game (against France) we should have won by a bigger margin. I had a close range short saved. I think Katlego (Mphela) had two good goal-scoring opportunities. “We created some great chances we didn’t convert, and maybe had we won by four or five goals we could have advanced on goal difference. “So, yes it was disappointing to be the host and not make it to the last 16, or even the last eight.” Tshabalala scored the opening goal of the tournament in the 1-1 draw with Mexico – a goal which went on to be shortlisted for the Puskas Award. But the disappointment hasn’t been the only memory left for the former Kaizer Chiefs attacker from the World Cup. The parade, which preceded the opening match, remains a lasting memory. “Being on the bus was very emotional for me,” Tshabalala recalled. “Seeing our people wearing the Bafana colours really touched me. It remains a highlight. I didn’t see colour or race. I saw unity. I just saw the rainbow nation. “I did not regret being on that bus, and seeing people waving at us and wishing us well.”