This month marks six years since the passing of the legendary broadcaster Eddie Zondi. Eddie, who was best known for his Sunday afternoon show The Romantic Repertoire on Metro FM, died of a heart attack back in 2014. His daughter Keletso Modiba, who is also following in his broadcast footsteps and is a presenter on YFM, recently shared a touching tribute in memory of her late dad. Speaking to Daily Sun, she said it has been a really tough six years. “I can’t really say I have healed but it's been a really tough six years. I had to go through a lot of learning and reflecting on his life and what mine is becoming since he is not here anymore. “When I posted the tribute I was honestly not expecting this much attention. I was just paying tribute to my dad like I always do on the 16th of June. The comments about him are heartwarming and it is good to know that even after six years his impact is still large,” she said. The 22-year-old said although she was not very close with him, she misses him a lot. “We were not close because I did not live with him, but I used to visit him often. My favourite moments with him that I miss the most would be days before schools reopen during the December holidays. We would travel, get school uniform, have joy rides and listen to music together,” she said. The YFM presenter told the People’s paper her radio career was inspired by her dad. “My dad has absolutely inspired my radio career because at first I thought radio was just about speaking on air just for fun and getting paid for it, and that’s actually what I thought he was doing. But as I grew older, I started to listen to him and I understood and fell in love with radio. “I really think my dad would be proud of me for all that I have achieved, especially because I really did not get help from anyone. The first thing he said when I told him I also want to be on radio was that I need to start from the bottom,” she said. Keletso said she doesn’t feel any pressure at all because her and Eddie are two different presenters. “I will never be like Eddie Zondi because I am not that kind of a presenter who does a soulful Sunday show. I am a new school cool kid, fresh on the block, vibing with everyone and relating to people my age,” she said.