YOUNG and old are reminiscing about the great times they had in 2010 during Africa’s first football showpiece. The Opening Ceremony: It was an African-inspired opening ceremony that took place at Soccer City Stadium, the biggest in Africa. About 20 heads of state and big-name sports administrators in the world graced the occasion. SA’s iconic and late musician Hugh Masekela, Freshlyground band, powerhouse African musician Angelique Kidjo and Colombian superstar Shakira dazzled the sold-out event. Shabba’s goal and celebration: Who will forget the beautiful African inspired dance that Siphiwe “Shabba” Tshabalala did with his teammates at the corner flag after scoring one of the contenders’ for goal of the tournament? Shabba had the honour of scoring the opening goal of the World Cup finals on home soil.But he rounded up his celebrations with a dance that will not be forgotten. Fan Park experience: Many fans couldn’t afford to buy World Cup tickets, but still enjoyed the biggest football showpiece by watching it at various fan parks around Mzansi. Some fan parks created an even better atmosphere than at the match venues. Nelson Mandela’s raucous arrival at the final: Mzansi’s former president and former political prisoner Nelson Mandela, received the biggest cheer from the fans and dignitaries when he graced the cup final in a golf cart.One of the world’s greatest statesmen received a standing ovation as thousands of people cheered him on. It was a moment that will never be forgotten. in the history of Mzansi football. Ba-Ghana Ba-Ghana: After Bafana Bafana’s elimination in the group stages, the Black Stars of Ghana, were adopted by South Africans and nicknamed Ba-Ghana Ba-Ghana. The powerhouse of African football represented the continent with pride as they reached the quarterfinals, and were short-changed by some dirty play from Uruguay. They were beaten by Uruguay on penalties after their last eight match ended 1-1 after 120 minu Scores of football lovers enjoyed beer and braai, while cheering for their favourite teams. It felt like a stadium away from the stadium as colourful scenes were displayed at different fan parks around the country. Spain winning the World Cup trophy: Spain came into Africa’s first world cup as the perennial underachievers of world football. La Liga attracts superstars from all over the world but the Spanish national team had failed to shine on the world stage, despite their star-studded talent. But 2010 was finally the year for La Furia Roja to show the world who was the boss of diski that time. They defeated the Netherlands 1-0 in the final at Soccer City. Ike Casillas, one of the greatest goalkeepers in world football, lifted La Furia Roja’s first world title on African soil.