BIDVEST Wits midfielder, Cole Alexander, has urged his teammates not to throw in the towel following the unsettling news of the recent sale of the club to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila’s former owner Masala Mulaudzi. Cole has admitted it will be strange to play the last few matches when the league restarts knowing the club won’t be in existence at the end of the season. He said it will be tough to put that aside. Wits as are still in line for the Absa PSL title and are in the semi-finals of the Nedbank Cup. However, Cole stressed he is eager to sign off in style by winning one of the competitions. Wits would have celebrated their centenary next year. When the season was suspended due to the outbreak of Covid-19 in March, Wits were perched in sixth place on the table with 38 points from 21 games, 10 points behind log leaders Kaizer Chiefs, but with a game in hand. In the Ke Yona Cup, Wits, the winners in 2010, will face Mamelodi Sundowns in the last four. “As players we need to have a proper perspective. We can’t be thinking Wits are changing and we just throw in the towel,” said Cole, who joined Wits in the second half of the 2017-18 season from SuperSport United. “Instead, our perspective must be, let’s leave Wits on a high by trying to win the Nedbank Cup and do our best in the league. Hopefully, other players can understand that.” The news of Wits’ sale comes at a bad time for Cole. The former Ajax Cape Town midfielder’s wife has a good job in Joburg. However, he’s one of many Wits players weighing up his options. He is not ruling out relocating with the club to Limpopo, a province he’s familiar with as he previously played for Polokwane City. TTM shocked the local football scene on Saturday night when they confirmed via their Twitter page that they had bought Wits. They also stated they’ll change the name of the club ahead of next season to TTM, and the club will also relocate to to the north. But it seems they might have jumped the gun. Wits University, which owns a minority of the club’s shares, were not aware that the majority shareholder Bidvest, has sold the club. They have since instructed their lawyers to look into the matter. TTM are still have to get the sale approved by the PSL executive committee. Cole said he also learnt the news via social media, leaving him disappointed. “It would have been appreciated if the players knew in advance,” Cole said.