OUR way of life has taken a different turn and will never be the same again. The coronavirus pandemic has not only affected our families, but businesses, communities, and our way of life in general. Mzansi has been on level 3 of lockdown since 1 June and while many restrictions have been eased, there are still some critical rules in place. Gatherings of more than 50 people are still not allowed, even churches must keep numbers at 50. In those gatherings, people must always cover their faces with protective masks. These gatherings can only happen if all health protocols and social distancing measures are being adhered to. Where regulations are not observed, the authorities can disperse the crowd. If people refuse to disperse, officers can arrest and detain the gatherers. For the duration of the national state of disaster, no initiation practices are allowed. Public transport is allowed, but with some restrictions on the number of passengers to be ferried and some strict health measures in place. The business sector is important for the economy and this, according to government, is the reason why some restrictions and regulations had to be eased. Businesses and other institutions with more than 100 employees must, where possible, make provision for minimising the number of employees at the workplace at any given time. They have to be very strict on rotation, stagger working hours, have shift systems, remote working arrangements and similar measures, in order to achieve social distancing and to limit congestion. Employers and companies must implement measures for employees who are over 60, or those with co-morbidities to facilitate their safe return to work. This may include special measures at the workplace and where possible, the employees should work from home. For the construction, manufacturing, business and financial services firms with more than 500 employees, the government asked employees to finalise appropriate sector or workplace arrangements to provide or arrange transport to their employees. Where this is not possible, they must consider staggered working time arrangements to reduce congestion in public transport. Workers have to be screened daily for symptoms of Covid-19, and working from home remains the first option for those who can do so. Now, the part most of us have been waiting for: restaurants and eating out. At the moment, consuming food and beverages at a place of sale, including restaurants, retail outlets, convenience stores and informal traders, is not allowed.