SIYA KOLISI believes the suffering by some communities during the coronavirus (Covid-19) is worse than the poverty he endured during his rough upbringing. The Springbok captain spoke as he and fellow teammates he led to glory in the 2019 Rugby World Cup as well as the technical team united to raise funds to help communities that are struggling with food as a result of the outbreak of coronavirus. It reminded the history-making skipper of his well-documented tough upbringing in the impoverished Zwide township outside Port Elizabeth in the Eastern Cape province. “I went hungry when I was a kid, but it was nothing as bad as some people are suffering right now,” relived the 29-year-old, who celebrated his birthday on Youth Day on Tuesday. Kolisi, Springboks teammates and the coaches are involved in a hunger alleviation campaign launched by SA Rugby in solidarity with communities affected by Covid-19 and the subsequent lockdown that has worsened the current situation.. SA Rugby disclosed this week the initiative, also known as #StrongerTogether for R32-12 campaign, had to date raised approximately R825 000 for charity organisations Food Forward SA and Gift of the Givers. “We might not raise millions, but you don’t know how much it means to each single person to have one proper meal a day. It could save their lives right now,” said Kolisi. He has been actively involved in struggling communities around since the outbreak of the pandemic. Kolisi and his wife, Rachel, also launched the Kolisi Foundation. It provides personal protective equipment to healthcare workers and delivers food parcels throughout the country, with special attention paid to his home kasi Zwide. Kolisi’s province of birth was by the time of publication having the third-highest cases of infections. Nationally, more than 1,625 people have died from the virus while over 76,334 cases have been confirmed. A match jersey Kolisi worn in the World Cup pool encounter is among prized possessions every member of the title-winning squad in Japan has donated. These souvenirs can be won by buying raffle tickets from the R32-12 campaign. – CAJ News