SOUTH Africa’s world title contender Yanga “Show Stopper” Sigqibo believes local fighters have the potential to bring more world titles to Mzansi. Despite two local former world champions Zolani Tete, World Boxing Organisation (WBO bantamweight) and Thulani Mbenge, International Boxing Organisation (IBO welterweight) losing their respective world crowns last year, Sigqibo said there is still hope. “South Africa has an abundance of boxing talent. Sive Nontshinga, Azinga Fuzile and youngsters like myself, to mention a few, have the potential to make it big on the international stage,” said Sigqibo. The highly rated fighter who holds the WBO Intercontinental junior bantamweight crown is among local boxers whose careers suffered a setback due to the Covid-19 outbreak. Some were a few fights away from world title shots and others had just entered the world rankings hoping to work their way up the ladder. The 25-year-old boxer from Duncan Village in East London is rated by three major sanctioning bodies. He is ranked fourth by WBO, eighth by the IBF and 11th by the WBC. He has set his sights firmly on the WBO junior bantamweight belt held by Japanese four-weight world champion Kazuto Loka. “The coronavirus outbreak really disturbed our plans. My camp was working to get my career to the next level with the WBO shot in mind,” he said. “But because of the Covid-19 we have to wait. I have been following Loka and I don’t see him beating me.” Sigqibo’s manager Lonki Witbooi agreed the Covid-19 pandemic outbreak derailed their plans. “It really set us back because after our fight in March we were to make representation to the WBO for either an elimination bout or a crack directly at the world title,” said Witbooi. According to the young manager, Sigqibo’s ratings on the Puerto Rico based sanctioning body is one of the factors that motivated them to take WBO route. “Yanga is a WBO Intercontinental champion and commands a high rating on their rankings. It makes boxing sense to take that route and fortunately the WBO champion has a style tailored for Yanga. We can finish Kazuto within the distance,” he said. Witbooi said his warrior is prepared to go anywhere in the world to get the WBO crown. A skilful fighter, Sigqibo scored a seventh round knockout victory in March to retain his WBO Intercontinental junior bantamweight against vastly experienced Filipino Cris Paulino.