DEON HOTTO’S agent Machini Motloung says he wants to sort out his player’s destination for next season as a matter of urgency. Big clubs Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns are said to be jostling for the Namibian player’s signature after it emerged that Hotto’s club, Bidvest, Wits are up for sale. Motlaung revealed it would make perfect sense for the player’s future to be sorted out early, so that he can have a clear mind before the next season resumes. Motloung is also worried that Sundowns and Pirates could only slugging tussling it out in the media. While Motlaung wants Hotto’s move to be sorted out soon, he said he won’t put any pressure on which club the player should choose. Right now, both parties are still negotiating a transfer fee with Wits, but not the player’s personal terms. But Motlaung is not sure how long the negotiations will last. “Obviously, it’ll be better if everything is concluded quickly so that he can move on,” said Motloung. “But there’s no rush, as you know the current season was paused due to the COVID-19 pandemic. “Under normal circumstances, you would have been approached just after the season ended to ensure that you don’t destabilise the team.” Since the 28-year-old Swakopmund-born player arrived in Mzansi ahead of the 2013/14 season, together with Chris Katjiukua to join Golden Arrows, he has grown in leaps and bound. He helped Abafana Bes’Thende clinch promotion to the PSL in the 2014/15 season. During that off season, he was the star of the Namibia side that won the 2015 Cosafa Cup in the North West province. He then joined Bloemfontein Celtic in the 2016/17 season. He featured in all league matches for two consecutive seasons. Last season at Wits, in his first campaign at the Braamfontein club, he played in 29 league matches and this season, he played in all Wits’ 21 games. Motloung said Hotto has considerably grown and deserves to play for a bigger club. “He has worked hard and has been very consistent in his performances,” said Motloung. “He comes out as a very dedicated player. “He lives a very clean life and that has helped him a lot.”