ANGELINE Seanego (22) allegedly treated her boyfriend to his favourite meal of pap and turkey – but the food was laced with rat poison! Angeline and Dennis Kyazze (40) went to bed and allegedly had make-up sex, but at about 1am the poison started working. Dennis died in bed. Daily Sun has learned from one of Angeline’s friends this was the second time she allegedly attempted to kill Dennis with poisoned food. The previous time Dennis didn’t feel like eating. HUSBAND: TODAY KUZO NYIWA Angeline appeared in court four days before his death for hitting him with a steel rod that left him with three stitches on the back of his head. Cops spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo confirmed that she appeared in court for assault on 15 June. “She was released on warning and given a date for the next appearance,” said Masondo. The friend said the couple had an on-and-off relationship that started more than two years ago, but she was abusive. “It wasn’t the first time she beat him up,” said the Mamelodi woman. “But he loved her and would always take her back. This time he opened a case and got a protection order. But he allowed her back into the flat.” The friend said Angeline didn’t know what to do with the body. “Angeline told me the story because she was scared and didn’t know what to do with the body,” said the Mamelodi woman. “She woke up in the morning, cleaned his vomit, and washed the blankets.” Angeline allegedly told her she went to his shop in Marabastad and ran his business while thinking about how to get rid of the body.” Angeline’s mother said she was shocked when she heard her daughter was a suspect in a murder case. “I felt bad. I didn’t know him, but I felt sorry that he was dead,” she said. “I don’t know what happened. Only the two of them know.” She didn’t know Angeline well because she was taken care of by her grandmum before she was a year old. “I never stayed with her. She visited me from time to time,” she said. Angeline will appear in the Pretoria Magistrates Court today for a formal bail application.