AFTER the storm comes the sunshine... This is how the Mzansi boxing community reacted as Boxing South Africa (BSA) resume the compliance inspections in all boxing gyms. South African gyms have been closed since the coronavirus outbreak in early March and the inspections have brought hope to local boxing. Well established boxing trainer Colin Nathan whose gym is one of the first to be inspected in Gauteng said he is happy there is now light at the end of the tunnel. “I have not been in my gym for the past three months, I’m happy that we will be back in business, of course following all the Covid-19 restriction measures,” said Nathan. The reigning BSA Trainer of the Year said his gym will comply with all regulations. “I don’t know exactly what they want but I know my gym will pass, there is a proper spacing between my punching bags for social distancing,” he said. Another boxing trainer who is over moon with the gym inspections is Alan Toweel who has proposed fights lined up in September. “This gives us hope as all my 12 fighters are keeping fit doing roadwork and shadow boxing at home. “My aim is to get each one of them at least one fight before the end of 2020, so that they can close the year on a positive note,” he said. “We have been offered a fight between Sikho Nqothole and Ricardo Malajika for September under Golden Gloves, which we have agreed to and Akani Phuzi will be part of proposed cruiserweight competition. “Obviously we are waiting for the go ahead from BSA to advise as to when we are able to commence training.” According to the boxing mentor’s sister Marianna, who promotes under the Charing Cross Promotions banner, are planning a development tournament between October and November. The newly crowned South African lightweight champion Tshifhiwa Munyai is expected to make a mandatory defence against Phumelelo Sobahle. However, their colleague Bernie Pailman says it is too early to celebrate. “This big dark cloud is still hanging over our heads as we still wait for government to give the go ahead after the inspections,” said Pailman.