"This is not the time for war." This was the plea from Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula
last night - as he urged taxi associations not to shut down on Monday, as some
have threatened. And he openly admitted the financial support offered the
taxi industry was "too little" to compensate for the lockdown. "It will never cover the loss. The taxi industry
suffered hammer-blows," he agreed. But government simply did not have more money to give,
Mbalula explained. He described bluntly that demands for more money in
government support, were "a pipe dream" - government had no extra
funds which it had "stuffed somewhere". Instead, the Minister urged taxis to run today - and not to
hurt the economy even further. "Our economy is falling apart," he warned. In a prepared speech, Mbalula said: "We have noted with
concern the announcement by the Gauteng provincial arm of the South African
National Taxi Council (Santaco) of a shutdown on Monday, as a result of their
objection to the Taxi Relief Support we announced on Friday. "This afternoon, we held a special Minmec to deliberate
on the Taxi Relief Support and the threat of a shutdown by Santaco in
Gauteng.  The meeting was attended by the
MECs, Executive Mayors of eThekwini and Ekurhuleni, as well as MMCs from Johannesburg,
Cape Town, Nelson Mandela Bay and Buffalo City metros. "We find this action rather unfortunate and
counterproductive … A service shutdown will not only negatively affect the
working class, but will worsen the devastation of the industry. The taxi
industry is in the process of recovery from the combined impact of limited
operating hours and reduced loading capacity as a consequence of the Covid-19
pandemic. "The decision to avail R1.135 billion to the taxi
industry as relief support was not an easy one. We literally had to scrape the
bottom of the barrel to reach this amount, because we believe the taxi industry
is deserving of support as the largest mover of our people. "We must equally appreciate that government has limited
resources, which must equally benefit all other sectors. It is for this reason
that none of the relief packages equate to compensation for losses, but rather
limited support to cushion the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. The reality is
that there is no more money available beyond what the government has offered,"
Mbalula said. Taking questions at the press event, Mbalula urged taxis to
ensure employees get to work, arguing many could face being fired, if they
failed to arrive for duty. These vulnerable workers included "your brother, your
sister". He urged the taxi industry not to compromise their fragile
employment prospects. "This is not the time for war. Let's continue to talk.
It's the time to work and build together," Mbalula urged. Mbalula said the industry faced far tougher and more serious
negotiations with government in future, as the industry formalised. When these took place, he agreed the parties may reach
deadlocks, which could in theory warrant tough action like taxi shut-downs. But to shut down on the current issue would be
"counter-productive".  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/lockdown-taxi-strike-mbalula-pleads-with-industry-this-is-not-the-time-for-war-20200621 