COSATU
has rejected Finance Minister Tito Mboweni’s supplementary budget he tabled
this afternoon, dismissing it as timid and not offering any solutions while
relief measures he announced were already in place. “This is not a budget fit for a country that is in deep recession with an expanded
unemployment rate of 40%, with more millions of workers facing retrenchments. “We were hoping for an imaginative budget aligned to the needs of the country
and our developmental objectives, but we received a budget that will only act
to entrench the current economic stagnation,” the union federation said in a
statement in reaction to the budget. Despite Mboweni announcing a R100 billion package to save jobs, Cosatu
spokesman Sizwe Pamla said the minister had not tabled a stimulus plan to grow
the economy and save jobs as called by President Cyril Ramaphosa who he said
called for a R1 trillion plan. “This supplementary budget did not fully match the needs of workers and the
economy.  We are now in danger of entering an economic depression and the
scariest thing is that government does not have a plan. This budget only served
to remind us that as workers, we are on our own and the policymakers have no
idea what they are doing.” Pamla said the minister rehashes economic relief measures announced by Ramaphosa
a month ago. Several of them were unveiled to assist workers during the
lockdown and not meant as stimulus plan to grow the economy. Pamla said the government did well to help social grant receipts with
additional funds even though SASSA was failing to roll out R350 grant to
millions of unemployed destitute a month later. “COSATU is extremely worried by the work of the Solidarity Fund.  Whilst
its intentions are noble, workers are angry that it is importing more than 90%
of the masks, PPEs, medical kits instead of sourcing them locally,” said Pamla. He said the budget was a painful reminder that the government did not have a
plan to support manufacturing sector which the federation would help create
jobs and push the buy local campaign. 