MZANSI will host the International Netball Federation (INF) World Cup in Cape Town in 2023. But the Local Organising Committee (LOC) and a project manager have not yet been appointed. It’s nearly a year since Mzansi were granted the rights to host Africa’s first netball world cup, but the non-existence of the LOC and project manager is a cause for concern. Netball South Africa (NSA) president Cecilia Molokwane, who addressed the media on the world cup preparations, said COVID-19 has halted the process of appointing the LOC team. “We all know that I went to England in January and that’s how I got infected with the coronavirus, but I’ve fully recovered since then,” joked Molokwane. “We’ve been holding meetings with the INF and can still confirm that NSA will host the world cup in 2023. “We’re communicating with the government about the World Championships in Cape Town. “But our problem so far is that we have just recently advertised a post of project manager and are yet to interview candidates suitable for that position because of COVID-19.” Molokwane said she was worried that COVID-19 had delayed their plans to get the world cup ball rolling. “It’d be a lie if I said I’m not worried by the delay and it took us back. I have to be realistic. The LOC and the project manager should have been here by now,” she said. Mzansi is still on Level 3 lockdown and Molokwane said the NSA board was not sure if they should wait for Level 2 or carry on with the appointment of the project manager at Level 3. As soon as the project manager has been officially appointed, NSA will then form the LOC team. “We can’t form the LOC team without a project manager, once that process has been completed, we will do it and form other necessary committees that will contribute toward a successful hosting of the world cup,” said Molokwane. “I don’t know how we are going to select or appoint the team as we are still not allowed to travel from province to province. “We still don’t know if we will do this face to face or do an online appointment,” she said. Molokwane added that when the government opens up everything, life will be much easier as they are doing things via online at the moment. “We want to host a magnificent African world cup and we’ll leave no stone unturned in delivering a brilliant world cup,” added Molokwane.