The National Association of School Governing Bodies is
calling for the immediate closure of schools in the Eastern Cape after 204
people, mainly pupils, tested positive at an Eastern Cape boarding school.  Makaula Secondary School in KwaBhaca, formerly Mount Frere
is the latest school to shut due to Covid-19.  Since the reopening of schools on 8 June, 196 had to again
be closed due to the virus in the Eastern Cape.   Of those, 132 remain shut this week while 40 re-opened after
decontamination. The situation at 24 schools was not explained by the
provincial government.  Eastern Cape department of health spokesperson Sizwe Kupelo
said it had sent a team of doctors and tracers to the school to manage the
situation.  He said they were also looking into converting the school's
hostel into an isolation facility to prevent the further spread of the virus.  "A team of clinicians have been sent to the school to
ascertain if the hostel meets the department's minimum standards for quarantine
and isolation facilities, which include, but not limited to lighting, well
ventilated rooms and sanitation services," said Kupelo.  "This is so that those who came into contact with the
204 people who have tested positive can be traced, screened and tested so that
we stop the spread of the virus."  READ | 132 Eastern Cape schools closed due to Covid-19  He said the first group of 24 positive cases were initially
taken into isolation sites within the Alfred Nzo District municipality.  The Eastern Cape chairperson of the National Association of
SGB's Mongameli Peter said it was because of the "stop and go"
temporary closures and rising cases that his association is calling for a long
closure.  "The association is noting with serious concern the
general spread of Covid-19 which, as a consequence, caused the closure of many
reopened schools in the province. It is for that reason that EC NASGB is
calling and will be formalising that call to the department of education in the
province in our next education command council meeting to close the schooling
in the current form."  Peter said the temporary closures were not a solution.  "It is not assisting the purpose, beside the sense of
anxiety and fear that is felt by all. It will never bring any positive in the
current approach or form of schooling."  The confirmed number of cases at the boarding school jumped
by 180 pupils from Friday's 24.  National Teachers Organisation of South Africa leader in the
Eastern Cape Loyiso Mbinda said they warned the department not to open schools
in June.  "We warned them the virus thrives in winter."   Mbinda said: "We had no problem with the reopening of
schools, but the issue we had was the bad timing. Our view was that the virus
will peak in winter due to cold temperatures. Covid-19 thrives in winter."  Mbinda said congestion at the boarding school may have
contributed to the spike in infections.  "It is not easy to believe that all of those pupils
caught the virus at school; we believe it is spreading fast because of the
congestion conditions. It's a small school."  Eastern Cape provincial education department spokesperson
Loyiso Pulumani said schools doubled up as test centres where pupils can be
screened and tested in a controlled environment.  "The spike of coronavirus is the mirror and reflection
of what it is happening in the community. The school environment provides an
opportunity to support children unlike at the communities where they live, not
being aware whether they are carrying the Covid-19 virus or not," said
Pulumani.  Kupelo emphasised the importance of physical distancing and
sanitising.  "We would like to call on everyone to continue adhering
to the lockdown regulations by practicing good personal hygiene by washing
their hands with soap and water or sanitiser regularly, keeping at least a 1.2
metre distance between them and other people, wearing mask at all times when
out in public and if possible, stay at home."  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/covid-19-more-than-200-test-positive-at-eastern-cape-boarding-school-20200623  