Health Minister Zweli Mkhize has warned that South Africa is
on the verge of facing a spike in coronavirus cases and related deaths which
means another hard lockdown "may become necessary". Speaking to Talk Radio 702 morning host Bongani Bingwa on
Tuesday, Mkhize said things were "getting tough". "I wish I could say otherwise. We have warned that the
surge will come, [especially] in the winter months. I'm afraid the numbers are
increasing and we need people to be aware and take all the necessary
precautions to try and protect ourselves." Mkhize said the infection rate in Gauteng, in particular,
had increased faster than had been anticipated. He added that the so-called "hard lockdown" –
Level 5 – had helped prepare the healthcare sector for the anticipated surge in
infections. While he acknowledged that government could not extend the
hard lockdown longer than it did, "we may still do it in the future". But people needed to get back to work and go about their
normal lives, Mkhize said. "We are trying to balance those two – we need
utmost cooperation as we go about it." Mkhize said: A hard lockdown will always remain a possibility, it may
become necessary. When that situation comes, we'll talk about it. Mkhize reiterated what Gauteng Health MEC Bandile Masuku
said on Monday. On Monday, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize visited field
hospitals in the Western Cape. Mkhize inspected the CTICC, and a facility in
Khayelitsha that will collectively provide 900 beds. According to Masuku, the Gauteng provincial government may
possibly look at "intermittent lockdowns" as the province prepared
for a peak in Covid-19 cases. Intermittent lockdowns would see the province opening up and
then closing the economy for a particular period of time, Masuku told News24 on
Monday. Mkhize said the number of infections in Gauteng had been
rising sharply since the beginning of June, much more so than in the Western
Cape, the country's hotspot of coronavirus infections. By Monday, the Western Cape had a total of 60 455 cases, and
Gauteng 39 841 – but it was catching up to the Mother City, and at a rapid
rate. On Sunday, Mkhize said Gauteng would emerge with the highest
number of cases in the coming days, overtaking the Western Cape. Stay safe On Tuesday, he pleaded with South Africans to adhere to
health protocols such as wearing face masks, social distancing and washing
hands. "That's the only way we can slow down the
infection," Mkhize told Bingwa. He said he would be meeting with the Gauteng provincial
government on Tuesday to discuss ways to fast-track preparations for the
expected surge. "If, in the future, there is a need for another
lockdown, we will not hesitate. If the number of infections threaten the
existing number of [hospital] beds that we have, obviously there will be a need
for additional intervention and restrictions." SOURCE: NEWS24