PLANS for the new season are already underway at Mamelodi Sundowns! Ideally, teams would be finalising plans for the pre-season as winter season also kicks in. But the Brazilians aren’t allowing the lockdown ruin their plans more than they already have. They have prepared a list of players who will be farmed out on loans for game time and some for experience. Promising youngster Promise Mkhuma is understood to be topping the list of those set to leave Chloorkop temporarily in the new season. The highly talented midfielder joined the senior team from the development side, having shown a great potential to become one of the stars for the future. “Promise is quite talented and hence we have brought him up to the senior team. There is definitely something specially there. But he needs a bit of experience, doesn’t he?” said Downs coach Pitso Mosimane about the national Under-20 star. “A loan move could help him gain valuable experience. Look at how Percy Tau benefitted from loan...Themba Zwane also. They came back and became stars.” Keeper Abram Ngcobo could also find himself at a different club next season as he battles to move up on the pecking order. Even though Mosimane has previously expressed his preference for four senior team goalies, Ngcobo does not seem to benefit sitting idly. He has already spent a season-long with Mbombela United, having impressed with the Multichoice Diski team. He made his first senior team appearance on the bench in a league fixture against Highlands Park in October and is believed to have signed a long-term contract. But his next move could be dependent on Reyaad Pieterse decision. The third-choice goalie has been a bit-part player and is understood to be keen on a move elsewhere, preferably his first professional club, Kaizer Chiefs, whom he joined from Nike “Chance” development programme some seven years ago. The Brazilians have been given the green light to return to training as PSL team start preparations for the possible commencement of the league next month.