THE SA Football Association (Safa) has hit back at Ria Ledwaba and Gay Mokoena, who have levelled a string of allegations against the association in recent months. The two were dismissed as Safa’s vice presidents, following an extraordinary NEC meeting last week. Ledwaba has come out guns blazing, slamming and accusing Safa president Danny Jordaan for running the FA as his personal fiefdom. Mokoena has pointed a finger at Jordaan for poor governance at Safa and further accused him of violating the constitution. He has also accused Jordaan of interfering in the Safa administration and of making unilateral decisions. Ledwaba further claimed women were being purged from football. But Safa has fired back at the pair, poking holes in Mokoena’s explosive dossier and countered some of Ledwaba’s allegations. “Before 2013, there were a total of 50 women in a governance structures of Safa. After 2013, a total of 395 women serve in Safa’s governance structure. All women national teams are coached by women, ” said acting Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe in a statement. Motlanthe also said Mokoena’s report was misleading and false, explaining Mokoena had submitted his activity report on 11 March which contained none of the allegations. Safa have always contended that Mokoena’s report found itself way into the public domain before the NEC could see it and pointed out a few factual inaccuracies. “The NEC concluded that the allegations emerged during the period of lockdown and after the closing of the offices by Mr Mokoena, ” said Motlanthe. “The letter was placed in the media on 23 April 2020, nearly a month after the offices were closed, 23 days after his contract was terminated on 31 March. “The NEC therefore decided to reject Mokoena’s report and that it will be given no further attention by Safa. “It must be pointed out that both Mokoena and Ms Ria Ledwaba were present and participated in the discussion leading up to the decision.” According to Motlanthe, the NEC reiterated at the meeting on 20 June that all persons representing Safa at external bodies; Caf, Sascoc, Fifa and others, and that Linda Zwane were appointed on round robin basis, by a majority of the NEC members.