MUCH as most of the PSL teams are ready to jump to training, there are still teething issues that still need to be dealt with by some clubs as football prepares to return to the field. A compliance certificate and Covid-19 test results seem to be the main stumbling blocks for teams to be granted permission to resume training. Maritzburg United, Highlands Park, Cape Town City and Golden Arrows are eagerly awaiting for the green light from the PSL to start preparations for the remainder of the Absa Premiership season. The season was halted in March due to the widespread of the coronavirus pandemic, and speculation is that the actual action could return late next month. Arrows assistant coach Mandla Ncikazi is keeping his fingers crossed that his players and fellow technical staff members test negative after undergoing Covid-19 tests yesterday. “I am praying that all our results come back negative,” he said. “We are one of the teams that are trying to do things the right way. We can’t do it wrong when we have a chairperson (Mato Madlala) who is acting CEO of PSL. “We haven’t started with training yet because we have been trying to deal with the compliance issue. We have been doing Zoom sessions. “We are coming from the field now to ensure all our equipment meet the rules.” Cape Town City boss John Comitis also confirmed that they got tested yesterday “and it will take 48 hours to get the results”. “We are waiting for the directive from the PSL and when results come back, only then can we resume training. But our players have been doing that throughout lockdown,” he said. However, Maritzburg coach Eric Tinkler said they haven’t been granted permission to start training yet. He argues there are still a lot of other things that need their attention – sanitising fields and testing of players, “which could take about two to three days”. Tinkler said he’s also assessing his players’ fitness levels since they have been doing physical training at home. Highlands Park mentor Owen Da Gama said they still need to comply with regulations. “We have done Covid-19 tests with our players before, and we need to do them again seven days before we resume training,” Da Gama said. “It was difficult to get flu vaccination, so there are issues to deal with to ensure we meet required standard.”