WELL-known Eastern Cape senior government spokesperson
Gcobani Maswana has died from Covid-19, his family confirmed on Tuesday.  He was 52.  Maswana, a seasoned communications practitioner, was the
head of the communication division at the provincial social development
department in Bhisho. He had been with the department for 15 years.   His principal, Social Development MEC Siphokazi Lusithi,
said the province had lost an extraordinary servant of the people.  Maswana family spokesperson Bonisile Ndabambi said he died
from Covid-19 on Tuesday at a Port Elizabeth hospital.  "He died in the early hours of this morning and we are
planning to bury him on Saturday," said Ndabambi.  Lusithi said she had learnt of Maswana's death with great
sadness and shock and described it as a tragic loss.  "Mr Maswana's untimely passing is an immense blow to
the department, the Eastern Cape provincial government, and the community of
the Eastern Cape," said Lusithi.  Lusithi said Maswana was a seasoned government communicator
and one of the longest-serving government communicators in the province who
served the people of the Eastern Cape with great humility and diligence.  "In Mr Maswana, we have not just lost a colleague, but
a patriot as he dedicated his life to serving the poor and the
vulnerable," said Lusithi.  She added: "We admire Gcobani's sense of compassion,
humility and dedication as he selflessly volunteered his services. We wish to
take this time and pass our heartfelt condolences to his family, friends, and
colleagues."  "We hope his family will find comfort in knowing that
the whole province dips its banner in mourning of this extraordinary servant of
the people of the Eastern Cape. Liyinene elithi “isitya esihle asidleli,"
said Lusithi.  The Eastern Cape has 303 Covid-19 deaths, 16 895 infections
and 8 035 recoveries. The MEC is investigating whether there is a need for
Maswana's staff to be tested for Covid-19 and be isolated, said social
development's media liaison officer Lufefe Mukutu.  He was not sure whether they had been in contact with
Maswana.  https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/a-colleague-and-patriot-eastern-cape-dept-spokesperson-dies-of-covid-19-20200623