ON the tenth anniversary of the 2010 Fifa World Cup which took place in South Africa, former Bafana Bafana midfielder Surprise Moriri has shared some of his memories. Moriri was part of the Bafana side that will forever be remembered for having represented the country in the first ever World Cup on African soil. The former Mamelodi Sundowns star came off the bench in Bafana’s second match against Uruguay to get his first taste of action in the tournament. Ten years later, the 40-year-old who finished his international career with 34 caps and five goals, is proud to have had the opportunity to represent his country at the highest level. Moriri recalled the feeling the players had ahead of their opening match against Mexico which ended in a 1-1 draw. “In the morning of the game against Mexico, you could feel and see that people were looking forward to the opening match. From the hotel going to the stadium you could see the excitement, people were going to parks to view the game, others were on their way to the stadium, so it was a beautiful moment,” said Moriri. “As a player, you become anxious and excited at the same time when you see that excitement from supporters. You also don’t want to let them down. We really wanted to win the first game and set the tone for the rest of the tournament.” Although Bafana could not progress out of their group, the tournament was an experience no South African will forget, says Moriri. He believes the World Cup united not only the nation but the entire African continent. “If I look back to the year 2010, one thing we can take is that the World Cup brought us together as South Africans and Africans because remember this was about Africa hosting this tournament for the first time,” added Moriri. “It brought us all together. What transpired was very good, you could see that even people from outside were very surprised by the success of the tournament. There were doubts prior to the tournament that we wouldn’t be able to do it but we proved them wrong, everyone enjoyed. “Also, it was the first time the World Cup was played with Vuvuzelas in the stadium. Those are the things that people from outside enjoyed. They were amazed by how we celebrate football in this country. After the World Cup, you could see that the level of football in the country also improved. Commercially, our league also benefited. The World Cup brought a lot of positive things.” 