SUPPORTERS
of the former president Jacob Zuma who often come to support him were nowhere
to be seen today. There was
no stage set up either. Instead,
there was a heavy police presence outside the Pietermaritzburg High Court where
Zuma made his appearance this morning. Just a few
people were standing outside the court waiting for the matter to begin. Zuma's son Edward
Zuma arrived early at the court. Speaking to
the media outside court Edward said: "We believe that the prosecution is
ready as they have been preaching. Either than that, we don’t know what to
expect." Meanwhile,
politicians such as former KZN Education MEC Mthandeni Dlungwana, current KZN
Health MEC Nomagugu Simelane Zulu, former ANC secretary Super Zuma and other
politicians arrived at the court. One of the
supporters Botsotso Mahlaba said people didn't come because of the lockdown. "I
came because I believe that the former president is innocent, this is just
politics. I will keep supporting him until the end," said Mahlaba The
build-up to today's pre-trial hearing comes amid a backdrop of a legal tussle
over the start date for the trial, who will preside on the bench, and Zuma even
claiming he was being discriminated against by the judiciary. Zuma is on
trial for 16 charges, including racketeering, fraud, corruption, and money
laundering. News24
reported that, when responding to questions around his impending court cases,
Zuma said he believed that some judges have pronounced him guilty even before
the case is heard. He said it
was almost a given that if he went to certain courts, he could not win a case.
He said some people in the judiciary "have pronounced that Zuma will never
win a case in my court". Zuma is
adamant that he wants to go on trial in October, while the State contends the
case will be ready for trial in 2021. The defence
and state teams will likely discuss dates this week and this, along with who
will preside over the trial, is at the heart of the first major outcome to be
reached. At an
appearance earlier this year, Judge Dhaya Pillay told Zuma's legal team that
they must give reasons why Zuma missed a previous court appearance. 