SATANIC Church co-founder, reverend Riaan Swiegelaar insists Satan is just a symbol. “There are no initiation ceremonies. We don’t even acknowledge the devil,” he said. “We do not sacrifice humans or animals!” He told Daily Sun they were a religious organisation, but not a get-rich-quick church. Swiegelaar said his church was registered in February, but has existed for four years. He said it was the first of its kind in the country and was based in Century City in Cape Town. He said the church didn’t allow people under 18 to join. “To fully understand what the church is about, people have to read the Satanic Bible,” he said. “We’re also getting a serious backlash from other religious leaders, but it’s because they don’t understand the concept and they are probably scared.” He said the Satanic Bible was first published in 1969, and is available online and at some bookstores. Swiegelaar said there were many rituals the church performed, describing one of those which involved a specific dress code, the burning of candles and shutting out all light from outside. “If a woman is used, she lies on the altar and the calling on Satan is read aloud by priests and drinking from a chalice while calling on the Princes of Hell,” he said. “In the case of a personalised ritual, there is the expression of the most secret desires, and no attempt to hold back should be made.” Swiegelaar was asked about pictures of him in sangoma clothing that have been circulating on social media. He said it had nothing to do with the church, and was a personal journey he went through years ago. The church was trending on Twitter yesterday, leaving people angry and divided. Lisa Keen said: “It’s about time we have this kind of a church. We need to go visit this church and hear Satan’s side of the story.” Luyolo Michaels wrote: “If this church doesn’t take people’s money as offerings, then it’s really not bad. “Christians are the ones committing daylight robbery.” Sondose Muzi said: “I want to go through that Bible, but my heart just won’t allow me. Correct me if I’m wrong, isn’t Satan the opposite of Christianity?”