SPRINGBOK and Sharks centre Lukhanyo Am has come a long way in a relatively short time. The 26-year-old got his professional rugby start at Border before his career took off with the Southern Kings in 2016. A move to Durban later that year saw the King William’s Town born player take bigger strides in his career and really come into his own. He has gone on to win the Rugby World Cup in Japan with the Springboks and also named as the captain of the Sharks for the 2020 Super Rugby season. Am has repaid the faith shown in him by Sharks coach Sean Everitt who had no hesitation in giving the centre the responsibility of leading the side this season. Speaking on Puma South Africa’s Instagram page, Am revealed how hard he works on improving his leadership skills and the captains he looks up to. “I think in the years that I have played I have been under a lot of different leaders. I was fortunate to be under a guy like Pat (Lambie). A guy that’s in control but is not too outspoken like myself,” said Am. “I’m a firm believer in that although I’m captain, I can’t control 15 brains on the field. I lead where I lead and everybody else leads in their positions. “I’m still learning in this role but as a captain I just try to lead by example and I’m fortunate to have the group that makes it easier for me.” Am also touched on his relationship with Sharks and Springbok teammate Makazole Mapimpi, saying they are more like brothers. Their chemistry showed on the biggest stage in a World Cup final where Am practically gifted Mapimpi a try when he could have gone over the line himself. The audacious no-look pass to Mapimpi in the final will go down as one of the most unselfish plays in rugby history. “We come a long way myself and Mapimpi, the East London days playing together. We’ve been in the same circles for a long time,” added Am. “He’s been a friend on and off the pitch. I think that’s what makes it easy to play with him.” Am also revealed that he is eagerly anticipating next year’s British and Irish Lions tour, crossing fingers that the coronavirus doesn’t hamper it. “It’s always there at the back of your head,” he said. “The British and Irish Lions tour comes only every 12 years and we are very fortunate to potentially have an opportunity to be there next year. “We are really looking forward to it and I hope this pandemic won’t disturb or block us from playing it.”