PREMIER Soccer League (PSL) clubs are gearing themselves up for the return to actual training. This is after Minister of Sport Nathi Mthethwa announced that football in te country, as well as rugby teams, could start non-contact training this week. The news were received with a bout of excitement after sporting activities were suspended and put to a halt in mid-March due to the threat of the deadly coronavirus. The virus has put sports and other industries throughout the world in a serious pot of bother. However, Mthethwa said that the resumption of training will have to be in a safe environment and in a controlled manner. He further ordered that all sport bodies had 14 days to inform him in writing as to the date of resumption of training. They must also provide operational guidelines and guarantees in the form of affidavits related to the testing of all those involved. Kaizer Chiefs and Bidvest Wits say they are ready and are just waiting from directives from the league and governmental officials. “Our facilities and premises at Sturrock Park are ready,” said Wits Football Director Roy Limongelli. “We disinfected the grounds and we got the compliance certificate. We are also equipped with adequate supply of sanitizer.“We are just waiting for the green light from the league as to how and with what to wash out kit, and the wearing of masks.“We also need to get more information about social distancing at the ground and about training in small groups or not, but other than that we are ready to resume.”Like other clubs, Chiefs spokesman Vina Maphosa told SunSport that they were just waiting for a Gazzetted directive from the PSL.“We are affiliated to the PSL and until we get communication from them, only then we can pronounce,” said Maphosa yesterday.“At the moment, the guys are still training on-line and players are still isolated. We are still doing virtual training and we are just awaiting further communication from the league.”Football stakeholders have had a flurry of meetings this week, in an effort to reach a common ground as to how the season will be concluded.Chiefs are topping the league table and fans are still on tenterhooks as to what decisions the soccer authorities are going to take. There are a number of suggestions put forward that the league are contemplating.Others have recommended that Chiefs are given the league title while another school of thought is to render the season null and void.