WHOA, not so fast, TTM! This is the strong message from Wits University to upstarts Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila, TTM as they are affectionately known. It appears the Limpopo club have jumped the gun with their announcement on the sale of Bidvest Wits FC with a series of tweets they put out last week. This is, as Bidvest, the club’s majority shareholders are locked in talks with the university’s lawyers over their shares in the club. TTM, who have since sold their National First Division status, have announced their acquisition of the Clever Boys, and are already making plans for the new season. They are awaiting approval of the PSL, whose executive committee still has to ratify the sale, which will allow for address and name change, pending the fulfilment of key requirements for such a transaction. But according to a source, the university still has shares in the club. “Bidvest Wits can’t sell the club until the university sells their shares in the club. In simple terms, they first have to buy out the institution before they can sell the club to anyone,” said the source. “It was rather premature of TTM to go on and make public announcement before everything could be finalised internally. Nothing has been signed yet.” SunSport understand the lawyers of both Bidvest and the university have been in discussion and a statement on the matter is expected today, if not tomorrow. Bidvest Wits chairman Allan Fainman would not comment on the matter, while the university has also refused to talk until a statement is issued. According to TTM chairman Masala Mulaudzi, the new owners didn’t pay over the odds for the status which would generally cost a fortune. Fainman, though, has been quoted as saying no one has bought, but will call a press conference if there were changes. The sale means those associated with Wits will now be left without jobs as TTM plans to relocate the Clever Boys to Thohoyandou. While some players will move with the club to its new base, the future of many others, including staff, remain bleak. Head coach Gavin Hunt has been told to look elsewhere as his services will not be retained due to his big salary.