AS Neil Tovey sets to leave his role as technical director at the South African Football Association (Safa) at the end this month, he’s open to opportunities in coaching. The former Bafana Bafana skipper’s contract at Safa will not be renewed, after five years at the cash-strapped association. The former Kaizer Chiefs defender none’s renewal of the contract comes as Safa is putting measures in place to cut their expenditure which their finances have been in danger for some years now. Tovey confirmed that, after five years in Joburg, he’s returning back to Durban to be with his family and will focus on his businesses. But he won’t close the door when approached for the head coaching position. “When it comes to coaching, we’ll see about that, if there are clubs interested in me,” said Tovey. The 57-year old, who captained Bafana 29 times in 52 appearances, has a proven record in coaching. Mokoko won the league title as a co-coach of Mamelodi Sundowns alongside Argentina mentor Miguel Gamondi in the 2005/06 season. He was unlucky with AmaZulu when they lost the Nedbank Cup final in 2010 at the hands of Bidvest Wits. Before that, he coached Banyana Banyana to Cosafa Cup victory in 2002 and also saved the now defunct Hellenic from relegation in the 2003/04 season. Meanwhile, the former Kaizer Chiefs defender, who lifted the Africa Cup of Nations on home soil in 1996, is not bitter about leaving Safa. He said he understood why he wasn’t retained, but holds his head up high having implemented structures and saw Safa succeed on the pitch in terms of national teams. He added that businesses around the world have been affected by the sudden outbreak of COVID-19 that was declared a pandemic in March. The virus has wrecked sport industry upside down and Safa were not immune to the disaster, distributing retrenchment letters to high-earning members within the FA seeing salary cuts. Nike, as a kit sponsor, pulledout in January. Airline company FlySAA are also set to inform Safa in the coming months, whether or not they will be renewing their contract when it expires next year. “Obviously, Safa got to cut down their expenditure,” said Tovey. “But at the same time, it is time for me to come back home. “It was just a mutual understand-ing. “I finished my five-year term there, they took care of me and there were no problems,” he said.