EASTERN Cape nurses have come out in support of the provincial government for its
plea to the national government to reinstate the ban on the sale of alcohol
during alert level 3. They said the health system would buckle under
pressure from cases of alcohol related incidents. The Democratic Nursing Organisation of SA in that province said indication
since the lifting of the ban on the sale of alcohol in the beginning of June
was that the sale of alcohol in the province would undermine the efforts to
fight the deadly virus and reverse the gains already made. Eastern Cape has the second most number of cases after Western Cape at 6760
positive cases as well as death toll at 138 at last count. The province has
3514 recoveries. The spike in alcohol related incidents since the lifting of the ban on alcohol
sale has led to Premier Oscar Mabuyane lobbying the national government to
reinstate the ban. DENOSA, a Cosatu affiliate union, said it supported this call, saying the
effects of the lifting of the ban are just too extreme and have the potential
to overshadow the benefits of the country’s economy. The union provincial secretary Khaya Sodidi said he hoped Mabuyane would get
the full support of other premiers from other provinces in his call. “As soon as the ban was lifted on 1 June, for example, health workers
experienced an influx of emergency cases at various trauma units in both the
province and the country, ranging from stab wounds, fights to motor vehicle
accidents. “At Dora Nginza Hospital in Port Elizabeth, for example, the Thuthuzela Care
Centre, which deals with cases related to sexual violence and abuse, reported a
steep increase of 90% in cases since the lifting of the ban on alcohol. The
hospitals and clinics in the Nelson Mandela Bay Metro also saw a general
increase in trauma cases, some as a result of gender-based violence,” Sodidi
said. He added these stats were a clear sign that that alcohol related incidents were
keeping the health workers and the system extremely busy. Further, said Sodidi, this meant the “man-made emergencies” in hospital
facilities were now posing a serious competition to COVID-19 cases for
resources such as beds and equipment like ventilators and Intensive Care Unit
infrastructure. He said in particular at Nelson Mandela Bay Metro, which is the epicentre of
COVID-19 in the province, this could spell disaster. “The reversal of the lifting of the ban on alcohol is likely to see a marked
reduction of the emergencies that we have come to witness in our healthcare
facilities, which will augur well for the country’s preparation for COVID-19. “If this is not done, critical COVID-19 patients may die because the ICU beds
and ventilators which they need are occupied by alcohol-related cases,” Sodidi
said.So far no other province has come forward to support this call but there has
been noises on social media supporting the reinstatement of the ban on alcohol
with the EFF the most vocal political party in this call. This has also led to widespread rumors that the government was indeed
considering reinstating the ban or was going to reinstate it but the government
has dismissed these rumors as fake news.  