UMHLOBO Wenene presenter Nomonde Vakalisa has allegedly been shown the door. According to insiders, she was taken off air two weeks ago. SABC acting spokesperson Mmoni Seapolelo denied that Nomonde has been fired but said she has been unscheduled. “The SABC can confirm that Ms Nomonde Vakalisa hasn’t been fired from Umhlobo Wenene. “Ms Vakalisa is currently unscheduled on the station and will return in due course,” said Mmoni. She also denied allegations that one of the station’s senior managers was suspended for sharing information with a sister station. “There’s no truth that one employee of Umhlobo Wenene had shared an idea of a Spar calendar with Ukhozi FM. Over the years, Spar has sponsored both stations.” Nomonde’s suspension follows allegations that she has been repeatedly playing certain songs more than twice on her hour-long show, Iqonga Levangeli. An informant claimed Nomonde is facing charges of misconduct, following allegations that she accepted payola from artists. The source said the SABC first launched an investigation before taking her off air. Commented the informant: “This isn’t the first time Nomonde’s been accused of accepting payola from artists and played their songs repeatedly in one show. “Years ago, she was investigated for the same thing but cleared of any wrongdoing. But now she’s been given the boot.” Another mole said Nomonde, who hosts a show on Tuesdays, may have gotten the short end of the stick. “I suspect she took the fall for someone, but this doesn’t mean she wasn’t involved. I guess she wasn’t lucky.” Mmoni could not divulge as to how long is Nomonde going to be off air for. But another mole insisted that she has been fired. Nomonde could not be reached for comment. Sunday Sun reported last month that several music producers complained to the station management that she was playing songs for the people who had paid to be on air. In 2017, the the public broadcaster cleared her after allegation that she had asked for money to interview Yongama Mrwetyana.