SPORT is a powerful tool in society and there’s a general perception that it has the power and potential to change the world. As the great Nelson Mandela once said, “sport has the power to change the world. It has the power to inspire. It has the power to unite people in a way that little else does.” In Mzansi, this has been evident on so many occasions, where sport has played an important role in uniting a nation once divided by racial tensions. It isn’t far fetched to think sport can once again play a key role in fighting the scourge of Gender-Based Violence that consistently keeps rearing it’s ugly head in the country. At the moment, South Africans are reeling from a series of horrific attacks on women and children that happen on a daily basis. These included the heinous murder of Tshegofatso Pule who was eight months pregnant, and the killing of 25-year-old Naledi Phangindawo of Mossel Bay who was hacked to death with an axe and knife. All these crimes have caused an uproar in society as the battle against the epidemic that is gender based violence continues. And sports people have added their voices in an attempt to curb this unacceptable violence against women and children during a difficult time where the world is gripped by Covid-19. Among those to speak up against this scourge are former Bafana Bafana star Siphiwe Tshabalala, Ramahlwe Mphahlele, Mark Mayambela, Abel Mabaso, Jackson Mabokgwane, Musa Nyatama and Gabadinho Mhango. “Let’s speak up. Let’s act now. Stop beating our women. Stop raping our women. Stop killing our women. Enough is enough,” wrote Bloemfontein Celtic goalkeeper Mabokgwane in his social media pages. Tshabalala simple wrote: “No to GBV.” “It starts with me, No means No!” wrote Orlando Pirates defender Abel Mabaso. Springbok captain Siya Kolisi and former Bafana assistant coach Thabo Senong have also been vocal. Senong, who is now the Lesotho senior national team coach quoted a message by the Dalai Lama which reads: “Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can’t help them, at least don’t hurt them.”