A KZN based justice foundation has accused the National
Director of Public Prosecutions Shamila Batohi of dragging her feet in prosecuting
the man who worked at the public hospital with fake medical qualifications. Foundation director from Durban Visham Panday told Daily Sun
today that he suspects the NPA was deliberately trying to sweep the matter
under the carpet because the fake doctor comes from a rich and well-connected
family. In a letter to Batohi seen by Daily Sun, Panday threatens to
take Batohi to court if she doesn't act swiftly in the matter. He said he has been fighting for the prosecution of the man
since 2017 when he was found working as a doctor at Northdale hospital in
Pietermaritzburg with a fake medical degree but up to now there hasn’t been
progress in the case. He said the man’s father is a well-known businessman and own
a private hospital but he allowed his son to go and work in a public hospital
because he didn't care about the lives of poor people. “We want action or I will be forced to take the NPA head
Batohi to court. The man committed a serious crime and I believed there are
people who died as a result of being attended by this fake doctor,” said
Panday. NPA spokeswoman Bulelwa Makeke said although the letter was
directed to Batohi it is still an NPA matter therefore the provincial NPA head
Elaine Zungu must respond to it. Provincial NPA spokeswoman Natasha Kara said the matter is
on the list of priority cases being monitored by Zungu’s office. She said there was still lot of investigation that is
outstanding in the matter which is receiving attention. Hawks provincial
spokesman Captain Simphiwe Mhlongo said Hawks finished its investigation and
handed over the docket to NPA for prosecution so he doesn't know why NPA was
delaying in prosecuting the man. "We have done what we were supposed to do. If NPA felt
there was still investigation to be done it could have brought back the docket
and showed us where are the loopholes if they were any," said Mhlongo. According to Health department report which Daily Sun saw
last year the man fraudulently obtained a medical degree from University of
KwaZulu-Natal and was employed at Northdale hospital for 14 months. After the
allegations emerged that he was holding a fake medical qualification, the
department set up the investigation and found out the man had never qualified.
The university also opened a fraud case against him while Health also opened
its own case. In Daily Sun story last year Health said it managed to get back
the money the man earned as doctor.