THE National Soccer League (NSL), made up of 32 Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship chairmen, is expected to adopt the regulations with regards to the resumption of football in the country. The Premier Soccer League’s (PSL) acting chief executive, Mato Madlala, has convened an Extra-Ordinary Meeting of the BoG this morning, via video conferencing. Among some of the matters to be discussed include the resumption of the league after Minister of Sport Nathi Mthethwa gave the go-ahead for professional teams to start group training, under very strict government regulations during Covid-19. The BoG will further be briefed about the Joint Liaison Committee’s report termed “Return to Football,” which will be presented to Mthethwa, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize and Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula. League chairman Irvin Khoza and SA Football Association (Safa) president Danny Jordaan were tasked by the JLC to submit the report for evaluation and acknowledgement. With this in mind, the JLC will also deal with the Covid-19 football regulations, where they will have to abide by the same proposals in the JLC report. More importantly, the players’ contract will be top of the priority as the coronavirus delayed Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship season could have dire legal consequences. Most players’ contracts are due to expire at the end of June, but Fifa, the world governing football body, has recommended that such players must be allowed to stay on with their clubs until their respective seasons are completed. This will also work along the lines of the Labour Relations Act where players and club administrators need to be kept abreast of the process and what impact it will have on them. This would also include players who have signed pre-contracts and would be challenged to register with the league while the 2019-20 season is yet to be competed. Another item in today’s meeting is the collective bargaining agreement. Madlala has requested all their members to be available due to the importance of decisions to be made. “Due to the seriousness of the matters to be considered at the meeting, and the impact that the decisions to be taken might have on the NSL, all club chairmen and CEOs are requested to attend the meeting,” Madlala said in a letter directed to clubs.