MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has not been shy to give talented prospects a chance to impress in the senior side. Mosimane has a growing reputation when it comes to moulding young talent and readying them for the biggest stage. The likes of Bongani Zungu, Percy Tau and Keagan Dolly all joined Sundowns as prospects who were turned into finished products ready to take Europe’s top leagues by storm. “We have a lot of young players also that have done well, we are not that bad,” Mosimane told the media. “The reality is we are not as bad as people say that when you come to Sundowns your career is finished.” Experienced campaigners Hlompho Kekana, Denis Onyango, Kennedy Mweene, Wayne Arendse and Anthony Laffor have all played a pivotal role over the years, but Mosimane seems to be aware that the future lies with the youngsters. The football world is always waiting to uncover the next best thing, and Sundowns are keen to develop the best of their youth prospects into first team regulars under Mosimane. SunSport looks at some of Sundowns’ youngsters who will be ready to take the baton from the experienced players soon. Siphelele Mkhulise: The Pietermaritzburg-born player is one of the academy graduates at Sundowns. He has fought his way firmly into Mosimane’s plans this season, and has gotten more minutes under his belt. Mkhulise, who is inspired by his former teammate Tau’s journey to stardom, is determined to succeed with the Brazilians. He has made 13 appearances in all competitions this season, scoring once and also providing one assist. Keletso Makgalwa: Makgalwa is another product of the Downs academy who has made an impact with the senior team. The 23-year-old striker, nicknamed “Aguero” due to his stocky build and keen eye for goal, has earned praise from coach Mosimane as one of the most talented youngsters in the Downs team. Following his promotion to the senior team during the 2016/17 season, Makgalwa had to bide his time before he could make his mark in Mosimane’s side. The Mokopane-born player has made eight appearances this season for Downs, scoring one goal. Nicholus Lukhubeni: The 24-year-old academy graduate has found himself thrust into the first team season due to injuries to Thapelo Morena and Anele Ngcongca. He has quickly racked up six appearances this campaign in all competitions scoring once against Chippa United. Promise Mkhuma: The 20-year-old was promoted to the senior team on a five-year contract after impressing with the reserve team, and he now awaits his Sundowns debut. Mosimane thinks highly of the youngster, who is the most recent graduate from the academy. “Promise has done very well. He has proved that he deserves my attention. He has really shown that I must look at him,” Mosimane said. “The free-kicks have been good and he has been supplying the balls. Let’s see first what Promise can do. “These young players need to be playing for Sundowns. There’s Harold Majadibodu and Abram Ngcobo, I want them to be playing for the senior team. “We now have Jose Ramon working with the youth teams, putting structure at the club and we should have more players coming through the system.”