ANGRY social media users have accused the government of running a scam. Many say they have applied for the promised R350 coronavirus distress grant, but have been denied for ridiculous reasons or have not received any money. This comes after Sassa announced there is no fixed payment date for the special grant. Social media users have now demanded to know why there are fixed dates for other grants, but not this one. On Tuesday, Sassa announced on Twitter that applicants would be verified each month. TOKOLOSHE HELPS MAGOSHA QUIT! It said: “There is no fixed payment date for the special Covid-19 SRD grant. The applicant will be paid for each month as long as they still meet the qualification criteria.” Solethu Nqolwana (42) from Glen Ridge in Soweto told Daily Sun he was approved last month, but had not received any payment. “I used the SMS line and I received a message that my application was successful. To this day, I haven’t received anything,” he said. “When I call their call centre to enquire about the status of my application and what is causing the delay, their lines are forever busy until they knock off at 4pm.” Solethu, who used to rely on piece jobs, said he was losing hope. PLACES TO HAVE THE BEST SEX FOR WOMEN! Sassa spokesman Paseka Letsatsi said it wouldn’t be possible for the Covid-19 grant to have a fixed date, as people were applying on a daily basis. Their information has to be verified by matching their data with other state entities such as UIF and NSFAS, social grants or any other financial support. Speaking on behalf of Sassa CEO Totsie Memela, Letsatsi said some applications have been declined as they did not meet the criteria and the majority of declined applications were from people already on the UIF database or qualifying to receive it. Sassa advised applicants to contact the Department of Employment and Labour to either apply for UIF or follow up with their applications. “We are doing everything in our power to solve the matter.” Angry applicants were advised to lodge their complaints either by calling 0800 60 10 11 or by emailing srd@sassa.gov.za 