During this period of
uncertainty and change to our daily norms the global pandemic COVID-19 has
forced, many organisations have needed to reevaluate their team practices,
while ensuring that they are able to sustain results. Seugnet van den Berg, Bizmod founding partner says that virtual working has, for some time, been at
the forefront of many technological discussions and a reality for many IT
organisations, in particular, but for many businesses this is unchartered
waters. She
adds that when it comes
to working virtually the assumption is that technology platforms, infrastructure
and connectivity challenges are the main elements that can derail the
process.  Contrary to this, it is
actually the interaction process and behaviours of employees that manifest complications
and difficulties. She recommends that the below points need specific attention
when it comes to teams working virtually together successfully: ·      
Each meeting or
session needs to begin with an outline of the desired goals and
expectations as this allows for everyone to be able to contribute. When working
virtually the goal is more than just tasks and deliverables. The way people now
need to work together and what can be done to improve this process is an
important element. ·      
Context is much more important now than in face-to-face
meetings. There are new tasks and team members working together who may not
have done so previously.  Therefore it is
necessary to set the scene at the start of each meeting.  As the team leader or meeting host you may
feel as if you are repeating yourself, however do not assume that everyone
shares the same understanding of what you are trying to achieve and what you
require from the attendees. ·      
Shared
frustrations is another element of
communication that needs some airtime in each meeting. In a more conventional
office setting, frustrations with process, people or technology would be
discussed, whether it was around the watercooler or during  a coffee break. The nature of communication in
virtual meetings is usually very task orientated and time needs to be allocated
to acknowledge that a virtual way of working takes getting used to and that it
is a process that people need to work through. ·      
Communicating
while working virtually means using multiple ways of engaging
with your team. More reserved team members will most likely ‘get lost’ if all
interaction happens in a team setting. Smaller group sessions allow for more
participation and individual sessions create another avenue for connection. The
onus lies on the manager to understand the communication preferences of each
employee and involve them in a way that works for them. “I believe that the
lack of a personal connection can cause the most disruption in an organisation
and team and therefore needs the most attention when working virtually, which
is a foreign concept for many of us,” says van den Berg. The social interaction
that takes place in an office environment is taken for granted – the shared
rituals with colleagues, dressing up for work, chatting about your life and
sharing a meal, are for the most part lost when working virtually. She says,“To
create a sense of cohesion, it is vital that the social aspects of the team are
given attention.” This could include: ·      
Where possible, set aside
time within a meeting to check in with each colleague – chat about other topics
that are outside of the work environment, providing context for their
co-workers on their circumstances and interests. ·      
Create a space and
time for social interaction only, for example a short coffee check in session facilitated in a way that provides some
structure but still allows for a more relaxed and humorous way of
interacting. ·      
Schedule a
time for ‘free play’ – an opportunity to ask for feedback on what an individual
has learnt during this time and what they are experiencing.  A large part of how we work, especially in
virtual teams is objective and task driven. 
Little space or time is allowed for unstructured and exploratory
activities. However, this is crucial for innovation and new ideas to germinate.
It also provides a welcome relief from the routine of work, that for many is starting
to feel a lot like Ground Hog Day. Van den Berg says
that for virtual working to be successful managers need to remember to focus on
the people and not just the technology. Choose people first, then tasks! “A
large part of what makes a good team is the social cohesion and interaction and
allowing enough time and focus for this is necessary for virtual working
success.”