THE much-waited news of the Bloemfontein Celtic sale have taken another bend with a major sponsorship deal coming to a conclusion, as SunSport reported in March. SunSport sources can reveal the matter will be concluded next week after Free State businessman Lebo Mokoena of Mokoena Group and Celtic management have had advanced talks to seal the windfall deal. Mokoena, who told SunSport a few months ago of his interest to rescue the club, will sponsor the club for five years to the tune of R50 million. Mokoena will pay R10 million each season to the club for the five year period according to information revealed to SunSport and will take over the marketing department of the club. “The deal is 90 percent close to completion,” said the source. “Sometime next week all parties would have finalised everything.” SunSport contacted Mokoena but the now Pietermaritzburg-based businessman was unwilling to talk. The news of this sponsorship coming to life will be music to the ears of Bloemfontein people. Celtic fans are also relieved that TS Galaxy chairman Tim Sukazi confirmed that he is taking a back seat, waiting for Free State people to exercise their interest in buying the club first. Mokoena has made his intentions clear to come in to rescue the club’s finances and keep the club in Bloemfontein. Sukazi initially confirmed that he was close to purchasing Celtic late last month. He said that by the end of last month, he’d have submitted financial guarantees and then all his documents to PSL for approval of the transaction by 25 June. If his documents were passed by the PSL NEC, he planned to relocate the club to Mpumalanga. But he added that if there’s someone from the Free State willing to rescue the club, he’ll step away. Meanwhile, Celtic chairman Max Tshabalala said anyone looking for a comment must refer to the club’s recent statement which said that the club being sold was fake news. However, the statement revealed there were interested parties. “The club is in process of securing a sponsorship deal and all that has been said in the media, has slowed down our progress.” At this stage, it is not clear if Celtic is still up for sale even if Mokoena’s sponsorship deal seems to be sealed.