The Western
Cape government has announced that it has cleared the province's Covid-19
testing backlog. The
announcement, as well as several other significant updates, was revealed on
Thursday at a weekly briefing led by Premier Alan Winde. In recent
weeks, questions have been raised about government's testing strategy when it
was revealed that there was a testing backlog of over 96 000. As at 25
May, the Western Cape had a backlog of around 18 000 tests, while the Eastern
Cape, KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng each had backlogs of over 22 000 cases. Last week,
the National Health Laboratory Services told Parliament 105 023 tests were done
in the first week of June. This is already almost half of the 232 862 tests
that were done in the whole of May and more than April's 94 203 tests. The
briefing also heard that in more than half (52%) of all Covid-19 deaths in the
Western Cape the victims had been suffering from diabetes as a comorbidity (see
slide). High blood
pressure was associated to 19% of the deaths as a comorbidity, HIV 12%, kidney
disease 9%, 4% to previous tuberculosis (TB) suffers and 2% to people who were
infected with TB at the time of death. Western
Cape Premier Alan Winde on Tuesday conducted a walk-through of the Cape Town
International Convention Centre (CTICC), which has been repurposed as a field
hospital to assist medical facilities in the province amid the coronavirus
crisis. In a third
major announcement, four Covid-19 patients have died at the new Hospital of
Hope, located at the Cape Town International Convention Centre, said Dr Keith
Cloete, head of department in the Western Cape Department of Health. Cloete said
there had been a total of 88 admissions to the field hospital, with 57 having
been discharged. Western
Cape Premier Alan Winde inspects the Cape Town International Conference Centre
which was converted into a Covid-19 hospital. Getty
Images Brenton Geach/Gallo Images via Getty Images At the new
Covid-19 hospital in Khayelitsha, there have been eight deaths - out of 72
admissions, with 36 patients discharged. On the
so-called "doubling time", spoken about by President Cyril Ramaphosa
during his address to the nation on Wednesday night, the briefing led by Winde
heard the province uses the death rate as the basis for its own "doubling
time" - as it believed this was a more accurate measure than the number of
cases, which depend on testing rates. In the
Western Cape, the current death "doubling time" was eight to 10 days.
The premier's briefing heard this was low compared to several other countries
such as the UK and Italy. There was
some indication the doubling time was slowing down but there were also some
delays in the reporting of deaths, said the Western Cape Department of Health's
Professor Mary-Ann Davies. Slow the
spread Winde said
everyone shared the responsibility to "slow the spread ... as we're
getting closer and closer to the peak". This was now expected as early as
next week, said Winde. Asked about
the availability of dexamethasone, which has been reported to show positive
results for patients either on ventilators or oxygen, Cloete confirmed the
province had supplies of "injectable" forms of the drug, but not
oral, and was "looking at availability". On
alcohol-related cases in hospitals, since alcohol sales were unbanned under
Level 3, Cloete announced there had been a total of "112 additional
admissions at the five central hospitals we are tracking the data in". These cases
were "competing for beds", with Covid-19 cases. SOURCE:
NEWS24