PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has called on South Africans not “to drink so much they injure others” and put undue pressure on the national healthcare system. This, after reports this past week that alcohol-related injuries had spiked almost immediately after the restriction on its sale was lifted on Monday under Level 3 lockdown. The president was speaking in Brackenfell, Cape Town, where he was inspecting a “Red Dot” transport initiative where 6 000 healthcare workers are transported safely in special taxis in the Western Cape. When alcohol sales were legalised on Monday, “we suddenly saw a spike in the utilisation of hospital beds” due to alcohol-related harms, Ramaphosa said. “It was always going to be a risk.” Ramaphosa said government was not contemplating re-banning alcohol, “as yet”. But he called on “all South Africans to behave in a manner that would take into account the rights of others. . . we hope that message will sink in”. “The coronavirus will be with South Africa for at least 18 months to two years, and governments should never be found wanting in securing essentials such as emergency beds.” This was the blunt warning by President Ramaphosa to South Africa on Friday as he officially opened a massive 862-bed “Hospital of Hope” in the Cape Town International Convention Centre. Western Cape Premier Alan Winde echoed Ramaphosa, saying: “Yes, COVID-19 is going to be a marathon. But the president also called the COVID-19 crisis a “war”. Said Ramaphosa: “We’re at war. A life-and-death war. Saving lives must remain the main issue. This is a war we must win.” And he promised Winde a lack of funds would not be the obstacle towards ensuring enough testing kits, hospital beds, staff and budgets to pay for “all the tools” required to fight COVID-19. Speaking of the need for more beds,Ramaphosa said: “We must always be ahead of the curve. We must never be found wanting. We must pull out all the stops.” He added that the Western Cape was monitored “extremely closely” because it led South Africa in COVID-19 cases by far. – News24.com