THE focus has to be on the explosive Safa reports has rather been about the cask and not about the wine inside the cask itself. Accusations and denials have centred on the conspiracy theories and the leakage of dossiers, which points to poor corporate governance and the violation of the Safa constitution. But to date, none of the allegations contained in the damning reports, compiled respectively by ex-vice president Gay Mokoena and former CEO Dennis Mumble, have neither been verified nor tested. The recent developments at the Safa headquarters, where Ria Ledwaba and Mokoena have been relieved of their duties as vice presidents, have brought these facts back to the surface. The two were dismissed after the Safa NEC expressed their displeasure at their violation of the association’s laid down internal processes and understood that as a lack of confidence in the Safa’s constitutional and governance structures, their handling of Safa matters in the public domain. But what about the Mokoena report itself? Safa has rejected it on the basis that it contained “many claims that could not be substantiated”. But the overarching question remains: how is that a conclusion is drawn on the report which, admittedly, hasn’t been tested? The NEC members seem to be more concerned about the fact that the report was leaked first to the media, the wine cask in this instance, than they are about its contents (the wine inside the cask). It appears the leadership has deliberately ignored the allegations therein and thereby discrediting the source. But that is not to address the accusations levelled against Safa president Danny Jordaan, for instance, why exactly did he travel to New York at the association’s expense or if indeed it’s true that he has taken unilateral decisions. Both Ledwaba and Mokoena have accused Jordaan of running the association as his personal fiefdom. The accusations seem to lend credence to claims by another ex-vice president, Lucas Nhlapo, that Jordaan owes his position to patronage. Yet for all we know, these accusations may be malicious and unfounded and indeed, as some have said, aimed at discrediting Jordaan. But without a thorough investigation of the allegations, ideally through an independent body, Jordaan will continue to be seen as a bully, a control freak, a dictator and a stumbling block to proper governance, and not a victim of a smear campaign. By dismissing the explosive dossiers, which are rather scathing about an individual, the collective will always be seen as protecting their interest at the expense of football. The stench will not go away until someone lifts the carpet. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso