THE decision to replace the out of sorts Zeca Marques with former Richards Bay mentor Brandon Truter has proven to be a master stroke by the Swallows FC management. The Dube Birds, who are currently in their first season back in the professional ranks following a long spell in the lower amateurs tiers, have been flying high in the GladAfrica Championship. But it hasn’t always been smooth sailing for Swallows, especially at the beginning of the season when they looked well out of their depth. Their early struggles left the Soweto outfit’s management with a difficult and crucial decision to make, replacing their coach Marques who had good ties with the club. The obvious candidate was a man they had admired for a while during his time in KwaZulu-Natal with Richards Bay as well as in the Western Cape with Cape Town All Stars. “Changing coaches is never an easy decision but for us it was a decision we had to make for the good of the team,” said Swallows chairman David Mogashoa. “It was very clear that things were not working out for both the club and the coach, we didn’t want the situation to deteriorate to a point where we find ourselves in a deep hole. “We were impressed by Brandon’s work and we believed he was the man to take the club forward. It was important that we gave him enough time to make his mark.” A few months later, Swallows are reaping the rewards of changing their coach, as they currently challenge for promotion back to the top flight. They are second in the Championship standings, seven points behind leaders Ajax Cape Town with six matches to go. Mogashoa, though, has admitted that he was not expecting Truter to make such a huge impact this season, describing it as a pleasant surprise. “We were not expecting it this soon to be honest,” admitted Mogashoa. “We just gave him a mandate of finishing in the top eight but he has just taken the team to another level. “Obviously, having seen the team progress to this level, we are hopeful our boys will go all they way and win promotion.”