DJ and music producer Sun-EL Musician has been the talk of the town since he burst onto the music scene. His signature sound and ability to work with great vocalists sets him apart from the rest. He’s back with a new single, Ubomi Abumanga. The song, aimed at motivating people during the Covid-19 pandemic, features talented vocalist Msaki. Speaking to SunBuzz, he said: “Ubomi Abumanga is a song that will uplift people’s spirits during this difficult period. “When Msaki came through to the studio, I asked her to write something to motivate people. “That’s because many of them feel as if life is not going anywhere. “The song is to remind people that although we’re under lockdown, life is still continuing and you can find other means to make things happen.” The 31-year-old musician, whose real name is Sanele Sithole, said he’s always wanted to work with Msaki on a song. “I’ve been Msaki’s fan for the longest time. It was really nice working with her. “We were both nervous when we were in studio, but it worked out for us and we created this beautiful track.” Sun-EL, who’s usually in the background and lets his beats do the talking, told SunBuzz he’ll release an album soon. “My upcoming album is called To the World and Beyond. It’s going to be a double disk which is a continuation of Africa To The World. This is basically what I’m always trying to achieve. “I try my best to export our African sound. I’ve worked with talented musicians such as Zolani from Freshlyground, Simmy, Mthunzi, Ami and Nobuhle.” The musician said he spends most of the time working on his upcoming album. “Although I had a lot on my hands with my upcoming album, the cancellation of gigs and prohibition of gatherings and events has affected me badly,” he said. “That’s how we make some of our income. It helps us with our monthly expenses. Even though we’re in lockdown life continues.” Sun-EL hopes this song brings light during this dark period. “I hope people will be uplifted and motivated during this difficult time,” he said. “Many of us are depressed and some are losing jobs, which is quite sad.” Ubomi Abumanga is available on all digital platforms.