Polokwane City will avoid the relegation axe when the Absa Premiership reopens. This is the promise made by Rise and Shine assistant coach Bernard Molekwa who also vowed the Limpopo based side will show a big improvement when football resumes. Molekwa says the decision by chairman Johnny Mogaladi to appoint local coach Clinton Larsen was a great move for the team as they have improved since the former Bloemfontein Celtic and Golden Arrows coach replaced Serbian born mentor Zlatko Krmpotic in December. “To be honest the reason we started slowly is because of injuries and the boys also struggled to understand the new coach Krmpotic when he arrived," said Molekwa who has also worked as an interim coach on many occasions at City. “Krmpotic was not a bad coach but the boys took too long to understand his style of play. We had the same players we had last season who helped us finish in six spot under Josef Vukusic." He added: “But that has changed if you look at how we play since Larsen took over. Larsen is local coach and it is easy for the boys to quickly understand him. We have improved a lot and we see more good things coming when we resume after this tough time of Covid-19. Larsen adapted fast as he knows local football as he has been in the game for many years as a player and a coach. The chairman made a right move to appoint Larsen. Everyone in the team including myself was happy when he joined us. I am pleased to work with him and as a young coach. I am learning a lot from him." On City's chances of surviving, Molekwa says they are not even thinking of fighting relegation but to finish at a good position even a top eight finish is still possible. “We have a good team and a good coach and the boys are enjoying their football again under Larsen," he explained. “We know we are not a good position but our mind is to finish at a respectable position. We were coming right before the league was suspended (in March) due to the coronavirus pandemic. I believe we will continue with that form when the league restarts. The good news is we will have all the players available." City are currently in14th place with 23 points with six matches remaining to end the season.They are three points ahead of bottom placed Black Leopards but are only eight points behind Highlands Park who occupy eight spot.