PREMIER Soccer League clubs are gearing themselves for the resumption of season after a long lay-off due to coronavirus pandemic. Although the league has yet to decide on the date to resume the season, clubs are ready to start full contact training pending approval of Covid-19 regulations. Polokwane City coach Clinton Larsen said that his charges need at least four weeks to prepare for their first match in a bid to avoid relegation. Rise and Shine are third bottom and tied with Baroka and AmaZulu on 23 points from 24 matches. They are three points ahead of bottom club Black Leopards. Said Larsen: “We’ve got permission yesterday (Tuesday) to resume training. I am happy with what we have done so far as we organised video training for the players at home. There is still a lot that needs to be done to ensure the team is ready for our first match. I think we need three to four weeks of training to get the players ready. But we also need to be sensible how we approach this sessions to gradually prepare them for matches as they lost muscle mass and muscle strength.” However, Larsen is positive that his side will retain their PSL status come end of season. The fact that matches could be played at a neutral venue gives Rise and Shine hope. “The playing field is level for everybody and nobody will have a home advantage if we don’t have supporters. We will approach our remaining games like a team playing in a tournament that consist of six matches to win it.” Meanwhile, Baroka coach Dylan Kerr says they are still waiting for a certificate of compliance before they resume training. He went on: “We need a compliance certificate that shows that fields have been sanitised, fumigated and players must get tested for Covid-19. We don’t know when that will happen. I heard that other teams have already resumed training, but we are doing everything by book. We might take a week before we resume training.” The British-born mentor is concerned that they might not play their remaining games in front of their fans. He added: “We don’t know how long it will take before we resume play, where will our matches be played, where will we go for two weeks quarantine? We have heard a long break and it will take time to get everybody into shape. This is also not fair for our supporters.” Kerr says he has been visiting his players at their homes to ensure they don’t get off the rails during the three-month forced break. “I have been travelling through Polokwane and Lebowakgomo checking on my players. I found them skinny, but I don’t know if they haven’t being eating or doing exercises.” Bloemfontein Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco said: “We will follow all the regulations and testing before training can resume.”