PASTOR Makhosonke Sibisi (31), mum Nompumelelo Langa (25) and her relative Nkosingiphile Sithole (35) have appeared in court facing two counts of murder. They allegedly beat two girls to death, claiming the two were attacked by evil spirits. The three from Ezimambeni Village were bust by Nkandla police on Thursday for the murder of cousins Mbali Sibisi and Nonjabulo Langa, both aged nine. They were supposed to apply for bail today but their lawyer didnt come to court. Colonel Thembeka Mbhele said they appeared in Nkandla court and the matter was postponed. Mbhele said cops from Nkandla received a call on 24 March, informing them to come to a house in Ezimambeni because they suspected something bad was happening. Mbhele said when cops arrived, the family members didn’t welcome them and asked who had called them. “The cops then saw the two girls lying on the floor with bruises all over their bodies, one already dead and the other was unconscious.” Mbhele said the police called the ambulance to the scene. “Health officials certified one girl dead and the second one was rushed to hospital.” She said when they questioned the family about the girls’ injuries, they claimed the girls were attacked by evil spirits. “The family also claimed the girls had been complaining the evil spirits were beating them up and instructing them to drink blood.” Mbhele said in response to the girls’ attack by evil spirits, the family beat the girls. “A local pastor was called to pray for the girls and he allegedly also joined in the beating.” She said before cops arrived, the family had taken the dead girl to a traditional healer after beating her. “He could not do anything for her because she was already dead, and he brought back the body to the family.” Mbhele said a few days later, the second girl who was taken to hospital died of her injuries. “An inquest docket was opened. Thorough investigations by Nkandla detectives, coupled with medical reports pointed to the fact that the young girls were subjected to severe beatings which were the cause of their death.” Mbhele said the matter was moved to next Monday.