Kaizer Chiefs young gun Happy Mashiane is living a childhood dream. Like many prospective footballers in the townships, Mashiane grew up dreaming of one day donning the famous gold and black strip of the mighty Amakhosi. Fast forward a few years, the lad from Tembisa has achieved his goal and looks set to establish himself at one of the biggest clubs in the continent. But the road to stardom has not been an easy one for the 22-year-old who started out at the Future Through Football academy (FTF) in 2014. “I did not endure a difficult upbringing, but in terms of my football career, it was not an easy path to get to the professional level,” he told his club’s official website. Mashiane, however, always had something special about him and  people around him who believed he had what it takes to make as a professional footballer. And when the opportunity to join Chiefs’ youth academy came his way  in 2014, Mashiane was ready to grab it with both hands. “I impressed and got invited to Kaizer Chiefs youth Academy for trials. As the saying goes, the rest is history. Here I am a Glamour Boy today,” said Mashiane. “Playing for the Academy comes with pressure knowing very well it is every young boy’s dream to be associated with the brand Kaizer Chiefs. “I was one of the fortunate players to be accommodated in the Chiefs Academy. That came with the responsibility to be on my toes all the time. “We had great mentors in the Academy. Legends such as Ryder Mofokeng, Ace Khuse and Arthur Zwane have been in the game for long and they played a huge role in our upbringing. They taught us a lot and I will always remember their advice.”  it wasn’t too long until the talented left footed player started catching the attention of the senior coach Ernst Middendorp. He was then promoted to the senior team in January 2019 where he continued to impress, especially in his first Soweto derby where he won the hearts of Chiefs fans. Injuries have not been kind to the youngster, however, he bounced back to make two appearances this season  just before the COVID-19 enforced break.  “Since gaining promotion to the first team, my life changed for the better,” added Mashiane. “But I still face challenges though, especially in this era that is dominated by social media.  We all know social media can make or break you. So being a role model to the younger ones comes with pressure because whatever you do, they try to emulate.” Mashiane has also achieved his dream of representing his country and was part of the South African Olympic team that finished in 3rd place at the 2019 U-23 Africa Cup of Nations and qualified for the Tokyo Olympics. 