THE grade 12 pupil from KwaZulu-Natal who attends his schooling in Free State has tested positive of Covid-19. The 18-year-old pupil was staying in the school's hostel when the results were known . He had arrived at the school premises on Sunday and was screened twice. Free State health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said they were aware of the case but the provincial education spokesman Howard Ndaba will be the one commenting on all matters which involved schools' Covid-19 cases. Mvambi said: "I have spent the entire morning with the Free State education spokesman Howard Ndaba going through the Covid19 incident at Grey Secondary School. We have agreed that on all school related Covid19 matters, he will be the primary respondent." Ndaba told Daily Sun:"The Free State Departments of Education and Health responded swiftly to a reported case of Covid19 at Grey Senior Secondary School. Close contacts of the pupil at school are already subjected to quarantine whilst doing everything according to health protocols to trace all close contacts of the pupil from Pietermaritzburg in KZN including the grandparents in Bloemfontein. The school will not be closed, instead the authorities will cordon off the affected areas where a pupil who has tested positive has been to and the environment that the pupil has interacted with.There is no need for panic as the school has laid all the basic systems in place to ensure the safety of pupils against Covid19. Although there’s no cure to Covid19, we know that there’s a higher number of recoveries." Grey College released a statement regarding the incident. " The first grade 12 pupil from Grey College Secondary tested positive for COVID-19 on 9 June. The pupil who stays in one of our hostels, woke up on Tuesday morning with a headache and a bad cough. Thanks to the fast and efficient response by the hostel staff and school's medical team, he was immediately taken to Isolation room. A family member came early to pick him up. He then went for COVID-19 tests and it was confirmed that he tested positive. Education department will make further recommendations  to the school."