The lockdown is a challenging time for every South African, however, every grey cloud has a silver lining, and this silver lining comes in the form of self-care and much needed space. Less physical interaction with the outside means putting your individual needs first and shifting the focus to things that make you feel happy and calm. “We can tackle this period with positivity and that includes self-nurturing. Positivity is contagious and can go a long way to help you and your family snap out of the gloom that is brought by COVID-19”, says Claire Bowen from Shower to Shower. Technology has been the real star in the fight against the virus and there is undoubtedly something for everyone. From mental health to fitness, financial management, gardening, cooking and baking, there is an app for everything and everyone. “Technology has been an instrumental source in dealing with the pandemic, helping us to keep a balanced and productive approach to maintaining healthy habits during this time in our lives”, says Bowen. Bowen offers a few fresh apps and activities to maintain a fresh mind, alongside a fresh body: A fixed routine helps with motivation Creating a fixed routine helps to keep things consistent. This routine could be the same as your normal work or school routine, or it could be a new schedule designed to suit your new home-based lifestyle. Eating at regular times, keeping a normal bedtime and making time for self-care or exercise will help your body cope with the heightened levels of anxiety around the unknown. A fresh App: Todoist - a five-star reliable to-do list app that works on all devices and offers great features for monitoring productivity. Start a home-based exercise routine It's important to stay active during this strange time, not only for your physical health but for your mental health too. Working out at home gives you the freedom to do it in your own time and at your own pace. Thirty minutes per day is all you need to get your heart rate up and keep the endorphins flowing. A fresh App: Workout Trainer - aesthetically pleasing app that’s user friendly and appealing to people looking for a workout (basic and advanced). This App is gold for people looking for personal coaching and workout plans. Stay connected to friends and family Connecting with your friends and community helps you to feel like yourself again. Communicating with people will help you stay sane and socially active even if you can’t physically see them. Take part in virtual classes, participate in house parties with friends, be part of an online community or commit to talking to someone once a day. A fresh App: HouseParty - a face-to-face social network where you can connect with the people you care about most. The app makes connecting face to face effortless, alerting you when your friends are “in the house” and ready to chat so you can jump right into the conversation. Eat healthily and sleep well Your immune system is responsible for protecting you against illness, so taking care of it should be a top priority now.  The best way to do this is by resting, choosing healthy food options and drinking water. By rest, we don’t mean Netflix and chill, it’s important to switch off your devices and get at least 7 to 8 hours of sleep every night. A fresh App: Sleep Cycle - relax, sleep better and wake up feeling rested with Sleep Cycle, the smart alarm clock. Track sleep from bedtime to morning and get detailed analysis with the app that makes waking up in the morning just that bit easier. Develop new skills and habits Research shows that it takes 21 days to develop a habit and with the regulations still in place, you might come out of this pandemic a brighter and healthier person. Developing new hobbies such as yoga and meditation. These may be difficult at first, but they will help you relax and manage anxiety and stress, switching negative energy to positive thoughts. A fresh App: YouTube - a Google App that needs no introduction. Home to tutorials and everything you need to know to develop new skills For more information like Shower to Shower on Facebook and Instagram.