SOMEONE who has benefited from the indefinite suspension of PSL action due to Covid -19 is Mamelodi Sundowns utility player Thapelo Morena. The speedster from Randfontein, west of Joburg, has used the extra time to nurse himself close to full fitness having been ruled out for the remainder of the current season. Although he is still unlikely to feature for Downs should the season resume, Morena has made huge strides to give himself a chance of having a full pre-season ahead of the beginning of next season. The 26-year-old, who fractured and damaged ligaments on his right ankle in a Nedbank Cup first round match against SuperSport United back in February, is now approaching full fitness. Speaking to his club’s official website, Morena said he has been working hard on his recovery and is looking forward to getting back in the field of play. “My foot is not 100 percent. I push myself to a certain limit with team exercises and those that I feel my foot can’t take yet, I then do other activities such as cycling, strengthening and mobility,” said Morena. “I keep focused by reminding myself of the end goal, where do I want to see myself by the time the league resumes. The team allocated me a physical trainer and he has been very helpful and motivating. “He helps me a lot with my rehabilitation progress and exercises. “It felt inspirational. I could see myself back on the pitch. From that day my whole mentality changed because I saw the possibility of everything again. My injury was not easy, even dealing with it wasn’t easy. So every milestone is worth a celebration.” Before his injury, Morena was one of the most important players for Downs coach Pitso Mosimane, having featured in whopping 29 matches across all competitions. He scored four and registered eight assists in all the matches he has played for the Brazilians this season. The Tshwane giants recently rewarded the former Bloemfontein Celtic player with a new contract which will keep him at Choorkop until 2025. He is itching to continue building his legacy with the Brazilians as soon as he is fully fit, and when football returns after the enforced coronavirus break. “You never know how joyful and important something really is until you lose the sight of it,” added Morena. “Boredom is taking a strain on us but with football around, we know things will change for the better. I can’t wait to give Mzansi that joy again.”