Limpopo boxing promoter Prenomen Chauke has accused the World Boxing Association (WBA) Africa director Stanley Christodoulou of using underhand tactics when sanctioning regional championship bouts. The Tsatsa Media Promotions boss claims he got a raw deal when he staged his maiden boxing showpiece last October, which featured a WBA Pan African junior lightweight championship between Sibusiso Zingange and Paul Mangxilana. Zingange scored a knockout victory to successfully defend his crown. According to Chauke, he paid R38 500 on sanctioning fees, and that included a new belt and money for ring officials. It’s been eight months and the budding promoter has not received the WBA belt. The Limpopo businessman wants his belt or the money he paid for it. Said Chauke: “I want them to give me the belt that I have paid for or refund me my money.“I’m very disappointed in the way Stan has treated me and I’ve even considered quitting boxing. “I feel this WBA body is a scam that is used to rip black people off who want to be involved in boxing business.” “Its been eight months now, trying to get that belt with no success. I have tried everything to reachout to them, Stan does not take my calls or responding to my emails. “As a new promoter, it doesn’t give any courage to go on with this sport. And even BSA is quiet about this and I believe there are lot of promoters who are ripped off,” he added. Meanwhile when contacted for If he contnues to run business like this he will dicourage people who still want to be involve in boxing,” said Chauke. When contacted for comment, Christodoulou referred SunSport to Boxing South Africa (BSA). But the local boxing governing body also distanced itself from the matter. BSA CEO Tsholofelo Lejaka told the People’s Paper: “Boxing South Africa is worried about the rising pattern of complaints about some boxing sanctioning bodies, which don’t honour their obligations to our licensees. “If this pattern persists, we’ll need to evoke our powers as enshrined in the Boxing Act and review such delinquent world bodies’ recognition to operate in South Africa.”