The mother
of former finance minister Trevor Manuel has died of Covid-19. Philma
Manuel turned 94 on Sunday. She died on Thursday. According
to a statement issued by the ANC in the Western Cape, Philma Manuel was a
garment worker who was widowed when her husband died in 1969. At the time,
Trevor Manuel was 13. She raised
Trevor and his sisters, Pamela, Beryl and Renecia, as a single parent. "Years
ago, Mrs Manuel said, in an interview about her life, that her son's political
activism prior to 1994 was 'particularly stressful for me. "He
was always either on the run from the Security Police or in detention. I would
never in my wildest dreams have imagined that the years of anguish would
culminate in him being elected as a Cabinet Minister in the Government of
National Unity'. "We
salute Mrs Manuel and mothers like her, who gave their children to our
struggle. But they went beyond giving their offspring, they also joined and
supported them. We will be forever grateful to all the Mrs Manuels of our
country," the party said. Mrs Manuel is
survived by her son and daughters, 10 grandchildren and eight
great-grandchildren. Eastern
Cape mourns death of former MEC Max Mamase Meanwhile,
Eastern Cape Premier Oscar Mabuyane has sent his condolences to the family of
former health MEC, Max Mamase, who also died this week. The cause
of death was not stated. In a
statement from the premier's office on Thursday, spokesperson Mvusiwekhaya
Sicwetsha said Mamase had played a vital role in the country's struggle for
liberation and in the development of the country. "As
part of this, he was deployed to various provincial government departments as
an MEC for housing, local government and traditional affairs, and agriculture.
Premier Mabuyane thanks him for his service to the people of our country,"
Sicwetsha said. He added,
"On behalf of the Eastern Cape provincial government, Premier Mabuyane
sends heartfelt condolences to the family of Mr Mamase, his friends, loved
ones, including members of the ANC, of which he was a member, and his
colleagues who worked with him in various areas of responsibility." SOURCE:
NEWS24