SUPERSPORT UNITED coach Kaitano Tembo said New Zealand striker Jeremy Brockie is more than welcome to return to the Matsatsantsa a Pitori setup. Brockie, who was on loan to Maritzburg United from Mamelodi Sundowns, desperately wants to return to the three-time league champions. SunSport once reported how the 32-year-old striker had begged Matsatsantsa a Pitori CEO Stan Matthews to re-sign him, as he was not happy with the Brazilians last year. Brockie’s career took a nosedive since he joined Sundowns in 2018 and he was loaned out to the Team of Choice in KZN. He struggled to fit in with thestar-studded Brazilians team under coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane. Matthews said he didn’t mind having Brockie back, but that decision was left to coach Tembo to decide if he still wanted the man who had scored 23 goals for them before his departure to their city rivals. Tembo cleared the air and said he’s prepared to welcome the striker back into their fold. “Although I’m still focusing on finishing the season before I can think of beefing up the squad, I’m happy to say that Brockie is more than welcome to rejoin us,” he said. “Any player who can add value to the team is more than welcome and Brockie is no different. “He’s an exceptional player.” Tembo’s charges are third on the log table with 40 points from 24 matches. But Brockie is an exception as he knows what the man can do in the field of play. Tembo, who has added former captain Thabo September as his second assistant coach, is also set to sign an extension, as his two-year contract expires at the end of the month. Former Bafana Bafana goalkeeper Andre Arendse is the other assistant coach. Matthews has since confirmed he will be given a new three-year contract. Said Tembo: “I’ve never been worried about my future here. The focus has always been on getting the job done and exposing young players to the first team. “We’re looking forward to returning to training and finishing the season.” The Zimbabwean-born coach, who has been with the team for more two decades, said they will train in a small group. “Players can’t wait to report for camp,” he said. The coach said he wants to focus on finishing the season and a possible top-four finish before he makes any additions to his squad.