 A car
fleeting company at the center of the City of Johannesburg car rental scandal
is crying foul that it is being used as a political football to settle
political scores. Afrirent
has come out brandishing several points which it said has led to National
Treasury making adverse findings against the company after investigating its
contract with the municipality. The company
said it was not involved in the investigations of its contract with COJ by the
Treasury and its internal processes has concluded that the department was given
inaccurate and incomplete information regarding its contract with the
municipality. “This led
to adverse findings by the National Treasury, as contained in several media
reports over the past two weeks. A letter from the National Treasury reportedly
found that the contract between Afrirent and the CoJ was irregularly awarded
and should therefore be terminated. “The
Department also said a forensic investigation should be conducted. Although
constrained by the confidential nature of our contracts, Afrirent is of the
view that it should correct the misleading information and resultant inaccurate
findings by Treasury,” company chief executive officer Senzo Tsabedze said. He said the
company has shared the misinformation used in the investigation against the
company with the municipality and is currently waiting a response. At issue in
the contract according to the findings of the Treasury was that the awarding of
the contract was irregular. But the company argues that the contract was
awarded in line with Regulation 32 which legally allows a municipality to
appoint a contract to a service provider who is providing a service to another
municipality. In this
case, Afrirent is providing the same service to Mogale City and CoJ awarded
them the contract on those basis but Treasury has questioned this, saying the
number of the vehicles in the Mogale City contract were not the same as those
of CoJ. Tsabedze
argues according to Regulations 32, the monetary value and goods necessarily
have to be the same when a contract is piggybacking as was the case in their
case. “For over
two years now, we have been subjected to various investigations by the media
and the CoJ. Nothing has been placed on the table proving that Afrirent’s
conduct was inappropriate or unlawful. “Furthermore,
although Afrirent has not received any communication from the National Treasury
or the CoJ about any pending investigation, the company has committed itself to
cooperate fully with any lawful enquiry. The CoJ has conducted two independent
investigations that exonerated the company,” said Tsabedze. He pointed
out that some of the misleading information given to treasury while
investigating the contract was that the tender process to appoint the contract
was cancelled due to material defects of specifications. This was not true,
said Tsabedze. “However,
our understanding is that the process was cancelled because it was seemingly
conducted in such a way it unfairly excluded certain bidders, amongst other
things. “ The CoJ,
on several occasions, confirmed with various authorities that the type of
agreement entered between the City and Afrirent is a Vehicle Fleet Financing
contract, similar to the one awarded by Mogale City to Afrirent,” he said. Tsabedze
said two independent investigations by the municipality has exonerated the
company but these allegations were persisting. The
contract was awarded to the company when the municipality was run by a
coalition led by the DA and former mayor Herman Mashaba was in charge. And when
the ANC took over, it resuscitated the allegations and wanted an investigation
conducted. Mashaba has
dared anyone with information to put him in a stand in court of law, denying
that he was never involved in the awarding of the tender. 