With cannabis getting legalised in many countries, we have noticed how its demand has increased due to other uses such as medical products and some women assumed it was safe to use since it was considered a safe drug. A recent study found one in three pregnant women didn’t think cannabis could harm their baby. A research done by Medical Journal of Australia has shown that using cannabis during pregnancy is also associated with poorer outcomes for babies. STUDY Data from 5,610 women who were in their first pregnancy and at low risk for pregnancy complications was analysed.At 14–16 weeks of pregnancy, women were grouped by self-reported cannabis use. Main outcome measures: Infant birthweight, head circumference, birth length, gestational age, and severe neonatal morbidity or mortality. Of the women in our study, 314 (5.6%) reported using cannabis in the three months before pregnancy or during their pregnancy. Of these women, 97 (31%) stopped using it before pregnancy and 157 (50%) stopped during the first 15 weeks of pregnancy, while 60 (19%) were still using cannabis at 15 weeks.Compared to babies of mothers who didn’t use cannabis before or during pregnancy, infants of those who still used it at 15 weeks had a smaller birth weight, head circumference and length. They were also born at an earlier gestational age.This is cause for concern as these outcomes are strongly linked to future child health and development. ALSO READ: ZOL AFFECTS YOUR DRIVING ABILITY! We saw bigger differences in these neonatal outcomes for women who used cannabis more than once a week than for those who used it less often.We also found severe complications following birth, such as breathing problems and the need for admission to a specialist neonatal unit, were twice as likely for babies of mothers who continued to use cannabis at 15 weeks compared to babies of mothers who didn’t report using cannabis.We’ve seen similar trends in recent studies from the United States and Canada.Notably, we didn’t see differences in any neonatal outcomes among women who reported stopping cannabis in early pregnancy or just before becoming pregnant compared to babies of mothers who reported no cannabis use.How cannabis might be harmful is not clear.The link between using cannabis during pregnancy and poorer neonatal outcomes could be related to the toxic compounds, such as carbon monoxide, produced when cannabis is smoked. This is similar to what we see with cigarette smoking and leads to a lower amount of oxygen reaching the baby.Or it could be a direct effect of the compounds found in cannabis which we know can cross the placenta and reach the baby.These active compounds, THC (tetrahydrocannabinol) and CBD (cannabidiol), influence a range of bodily functions, including in the brain. This is why people typically use recreational cannabis in the first place.So when these compounds can reach the developing baby this raises a number of concerns about what they might do to growth and brain development. 