Amy's aunt, Berenice Sias, said she could not speculate on how
the family could have contracted the virus, adding Barry particularly was extra
cautious, undressing at the door of their Retreat home and sanitising even
"up to his head". Heidi and Amy were tested that
same week. By Friday, Heidi, too, had been admitted to the Constantiaberg Mediclinic,
also battling to breathe. Amy said she would phone up to
three times a day for an update on her parents' condition. During her last conversation with
her mother that Sunday, Heidi explained to her which bills to pay and from
which accounts, Amy said, laughing. "And she told me to continue
praying for my dad because he wasn't doing too well. We hoped that we would all
make it through this. As hard as it was, we had to have faith and hope. "After that, my mommy was
put on a ventilator. We didn't speak again." Sias, who had not seen her sister
in the last three months in compliance with the lockdown, said Barry's body had
started shutting down as his condition worsened by the day. After his death, she had the hard
task of breaking the news to Amy. "I spent the day with her.
While I was there, the hospital called. They said that they don't allow
visitors in the Covid ICU, but that they would allow her in. I asked if I could
accompany her as she wouldn't want to go alone." That afternoon, the aunt and niece,
dressed in full personal protective equipment were allowed to speak and pray
for a comatose Heidi while holding her hand at her bedside. Amy said her mother's face had
been swollen and she "looked bad". "She didn't know about my
daddy. I told her she needs to come back home. I asked her to continue fighting
because now that daddy is gone, I need her to be here for me." Heidi, who had diabetes, died
shortly after they left. A joint funeral will be held for
the couple next Saturday.  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/even-though-they-are-gone-they-are-still-together-daughter-as-mom-dad-die-hours-apart-of-covid-19-20200623 