THE much publicised divorce between Enhle Mbali and DJ Black Coffee has been iced. This, thanks to the internationally renowned DJ’s estranged wife . . . WHO HAS REQUESTED THE COURT NOT TO SIT DOWN THE MATTER FOR TRIAL! And no, it’s not for sentimental reasons. Mbali wants her superstar hubby (real name Nathi Maphumulo) to first settle her legal fees. This as she will allegedly need a whopping R4 million to mount a fair legal fight with the star. According to insiders, Mbali demands that Black Coffee be hung to dry for a monthly maintenance fee of more than R100 000. This, combined with child support. But the SunTeam’s trusted sources said Black Coffee wasn’t going down without a fight. He was even given until the end of last week to file his response, the SunTeam’s informants said, which he allegedly did. But the demands don’t end there, informants said. An insider insisted Mbali wanted her soon-to-be ex-hubby to give her more than R17 000 for her beauty expenses. She also allegedly needed compensation for her medical expenses, including being admitted into hospital for alleged depression said to be caused by the stressful situation between them. This includes the money she spent on medication. This as Black Coffee, who reportedly earns more than R100 million per annum, had allegedly stopped paying for everything for Mbali this year. Another source said she also wanted hubby dearest to reinstate the R30 000 he allegedly used to give her monthly during the happier times of their marriage. This, along with a petrol and shopping allowance, another mole said. When called for comment, Mbali referred inquiries to her publicist Tlhogi Ngwato, who sent a statement to the SunTeam. It read, in part: “The matter is being handled by our legal counsel and we would prefer to keep the details out of the public eye. “All parties involved are working together to find an amicable solution. My client’s priority remains to ensure the health and well-being of herself and her children. “Mbali will forever cherish the memories and the time they shared together in making this family. Mbali continues to respect Nathi and wishes him well.” Another source said the relationship between Mbali and Black Coffee was so bad they only spoke through their lawyers. The source said Mbali had even blocked him on every platform of communication. Another insider said Black Coffee “is really trying to make peace and wants things to flow, especially for the kids”. When called for comment, Black Coffee asked the SunTeam to send him an SMS, but he hadn’t responded at the time of going to print.