BY HIS own admission, Evans Rusike has endured a disappointing spell since swapping the blue strip of Maritzburg United for the blue of Supersport United. Injury and loss of form have combined to curtail his progress. The Zimbabwean international striker, nonetheless, assured fans from the Tshwane-based team that he would soon overcome his blues and start banging in the goals to help them win silverware. Rusike has not hit the desired highs after joining the former league champions in 2018. And before the coronavirus pandemic wrecked the current campaign, he had scored two goals in 19 appearances across all competitions. “Honestly, this season, I’m not happy with my performance, especially not scoring many goals,” the striker conceded. The man from Chitungwiza, who turns 30 on 13 June, was speaking to CAJ News Africa in an interview. “Remember when I joined SuperSport United from Maritzburg, I became the top goal scorer with only six goals but that was far below my capabilities and abilities,” Rusike, the scorer of only six goals in 46 SuperSport appearances, added. Former SuperSport coach Eric Tinkler, coincidentally now the coach at The Team of Choice, brought the player to Gauteng after the forward scored 20 goals in 74 appearances for the KwaZulu-Natal side. Before Covid-19 halted the current Absa Premiership campaign in March, Rusike was already on the sidelines with a knee injury sustained at the end of February. He said he has made steady progress and is already looking beyond the current uncertain campaign as he has been ruled out of action, even if the league resumed. “I’m going to try my best to bang as many goals as possible next season,” added Rusike. “Our fans deserve to rejoice. “It is my sincere hope I heal 100% so that goals start coming my way.” The hard-running forward also relishes hopes of playing in Europe, hence he has to start rediscovering his goal scoring form. “It is no secret. Every player who does well in a league like the Absa Premiership would always wish to play in top European leagues. I am no exception,” he said. “It is my dream to play in Europe before retirement. “Rubbing shoulders with big guns is what I like most, but I have to work extra hard to ensure I draw the attention of European teams.” Contracted until next year, with an option of two years, Rusike is currently undergoing rehabilitation. He said training on his own during the lockdown also might have contributed to his longer than anticipated recovery, as he was relying solely on instructions from the technical team and doctors, instead of doing exercises with fellow players. Coach Kaitano Tembo’s SuperSport were on third position when the Covid-19 pandemic put the Premiership campaign on hold. Placed behind leaders, Kaizer Chiefs and defending champions and cross city rivals, Mamelodi Sundowns, SuperSport had a mathematical chance of winning the title. Matsatsantsa, with six matches remaining are eight points behind Amakhosi, who have eight fixtures left to complete their programme. Rusike seized the opportunity to assure the Zimbabwe national team was capable of qualifying for the next Africa Cup of Nations, whose qualifiers have also been suspended because of the pandemic. “Our national team has so much talent. “The current crops of national team players are capable of giving Zimbabwe the desired results,” he concluded. – CAJ News