A total of four Eastern Cape Cop Shops were shut down this week after members
tested positive for Covid-19. The East London 10111 Command Center, Bethelsdorp
Police Station, Kabega and Mount Road Police Stations were closed decontamination. The
latest station to be affected by corona is Bethelsdorp. This follows last week's closure of Humewod Police Station and KwaDwesi Police
Station. Last month Motherwell, New Brighton and KwaZakhele were also closed. The national police spokesman Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo said all communities
being serviced by the Kabega Park police station are advised that this police
station is temporarily closed due to a member having tested positive for
the Covid-19 virus. The Community Service Centre, (CSC) will now be operating from Rocklands –
response attendance and serious crime dockets opened at the satellite station. The other part of the Community Service Center will be operating from the SAPS
Information Desk at the Baywest Shopping Centre – Affidavits, accident reports
and permit applications will be done during the day and at Rocklands in the
evening. "The station’s contact details will be temporarily suspended.
However, contact to Rocklands satellite station is 041 9555710 and to
the Information Desk at  Baywest, Col Tony Nomdoe on 082 303 0504. "The station will be decontaminated and the community will be informed
when the station will be re-opening. SAPS management apologises for any
inconvenience that may arise from this," he said.Provincial cops spokesman Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana said that on Sunday,
Bethelsdorp members attended a complaint of mob justice and arrested one
person. He was brought to the police station and while processing him, it was
established that this person had tested positive for COVID-19. The temporary
CSC (victim support centre) was closed for decontamination. "Only the two members who have been in contact with the suspect will go
for testing.The CSC is also closed due to a member previously been tested positive however
decontamination was done and all members reported back to work on
Wednesday," he said.  