DESPITE playing without an out-and-out striker, Mamelodi Sundowns have already achieved relative success this season. They have bagged the Telkom Knockout trophy and reached the Caf Champions League quarterfinals. But that has not put an end to their hunt for a “hitman”, who can fill the number nine spot upfront. Expected to plug in the gap, Mauricio Affonso has been spending more time nursing injuries in sickbay than banging in the goals on the pitch. And coach Pitso Mosimane has hinted they may rekindle their long-time interest in Kermit Erasmus... though emphasising timing was key to any transfer. Erasmus had been a target for Mosimane when he returned from overseas. But the Bafana Bafana striker chose Cape Town City, apparently as his family preferred to settle at one of the world’s top tourist destinations, and not Joburg. But with uncertainty over the future of the injury-prone Affonso, Mosimane may be forced to relook his old targets. “Kermit is always a good player, but timing is important in the transfers. “You may have wanted a particular player at a certain time and that player decide he is not ready to join you at that time, and you may also have moved on and find someone,” Mosimane explained. “Sometimes the player you need may be available for recruitment. “If he is not, you move on. He might be available next year, only to find you don’t need him anymore. “Football is a game of moments and players need to understand that sometime you might be needed, but six months down the line you are no longer needed. “But as I said, we are looking to add two more attackers to our team. We know our targets.” Sibusiso Vilakazi, who has netted 10 goals this season, explained the team have been relying on a collective effort for goals. “It doesn’t matter who scores, as long as the team is winning,” said the midfielder. “We always have that brotherhood. You must just play your part in the team, and contribute as much as you can. Whoever is in a good position to score, you pass to him because it’s all about sharing.” Themba Zwane leads the chart with 12 goals in all competitions. His sizzling form was halted by the Covid-19-enforced lockdown.