FOLLOWING the surprise retirement of World Boxing Council (WBC) mini-flyweight champion Chayaphon Moonsri, former title contender Simphiwe Khonco hopes to get another shot at the crown. The Thai legendary boxer sent shock waves through the global boxing community when he announced his exit from the fistic sport this week. Now Khonco, who fell short in his quest to dethrone the long reigning former WBC title holder with an unanimous 12 round points defeat, wants to give it another try. “Being crowned a WBC champion is every boxer’s dream,” Khonco said. “That is why I would like to be given another chance. I also want to live that dream. “I think I deserve a second chance. “Moonsri’s retirement came as a shock to me because he was still going strong inside the ring, even in our clash in October I did not notice any signs of his body tiring. In his entire boxing career he did not absorb much punishment as he never engaged in tough battles.” After his loss against the record breaking Moonsri, the South African fighter dropped to fifth position on WBC world ratings. That means he is still in line for a much sought-after green and gold belt. According to the Eastern Cape-born fighter, his camp will be watching every movement on the international stage once the Covid-19 pandemic is contained. “If it was not for Covid-19, I would say I might get another chance very soon, but at this stage it’s difficult to say. After things return to normal I will know what is next in my career as my camp will be monitoring every move,” he said. Although the 34-year-old Moonsri is not regarded as a great boxer of his generation, he managed to surpass American boxing legend Floyd Mayweather Jr’s 50-0 record. He retired on 54-0, including 12 WBC title defences. Earlier this year, the unbeaten fighter was signed by the United States-based boxing promotion company Golden Boy Promotions. He was scheduled to make his US debut last month after he fought his entire career in his backyard, but the event was postponed due to the outbreak of coronavirus.