THE hefty price tag placed on Highlands Park striker Peter Shalulile is not meant to scare off potential suitors. The club are looking to cash in on their valuable assets and as they gradually clear the shelves ahead of the imminent sale. The club have dismissed reports that they are on the verge of selling their PSL status. But it is open secret that the Lions of the North are in on-going talks with prospective buyers as the club buckle under the financial pressure brought by coronavirus-enforced football ban. And according to a source, Highlands are looking to fetch good money for Shalulile, whose value they have described as “higher” than that of Percy Tau and Keagan Dolly. “They have Shalulile on a four-year contract and are not expecting anything less than R15m for him,” said the source. “They have already parted ways with several players and more and more could be leaving soon. The financial strain has put the owners in a difficult position and the national lockdown hasn’t helped the situation. The shareholders have the first option to buy out the other members. “But the question remains. Is Shalulile worth the price tag?” Highlands chairperson Larry Brookstone has explained the R30m price tag, reasoning Shalulile was rated better than the overseas-based Bafana Bafana duo. Shalulile has been quoted as saying he doesn’t understand the rationale behind the price tag, but that he knows the club have his best interests at heart. “As a player you feel valuable. I take it as a positive thing because I do not know why they are doing this and what their thinking is. But at the end of the day if you are positive, good things will come,” Shalulile said. Highlands have already handed clearances to Tendai Ndoro and Innocent Mkhabela and several other players are headed for the exit door. Highlands are not the only club facing extinction, with Bidvest Wits and Bloemfontein Celtic also put on sale. TS Galaxy boss Tim Sukazi has been linked with the sale of both Celtic and Highlands.