DESPITE being on Covid-19 lockdown, Mzansi is celebrating some memories that will never fade in sports. June 2020 marks 10 years since South Africa successfully hosted the 2010 Fifa World Cup. South Africa was the first African country to host the world showpiece which was played in all nine provinces. Also, Banyana Banyana are celebrating one-year anniversary since making their Fifa Women’s World Cup debut in June last year. The month-long women’s tournament was staged in France from June to July of 2019. Banyana were part of the tournament for the first time and they played against the likes of Spain, China and Germany, unfortunately, they were knocked out in the first round of the tournament. Banyana coach Desiree Ellis, who was in charge when the team qualified for the tournament by reaching Women’s Afcon finals in Ghana 2018, said she still remembers everything like it happened yesterday. “We can’t forget the qualifying tournament,” Ellis said. “After we booked our spot for France before the Afcon final against Nigeria in Ghana, we got a video call from our President Cyril Ramaphosa to congratulate us. “He also wished us well for the final. “This is a memory that will stay with all of us for a long time to come. I remember it as if it was yesterday.” A year later, Banyana players are reaping the rewards as most of the players who were part of the team have managed to secure themselves contract with overseas clubs in France, Italy, Spain, Sweden, Portugal, Belarus, Albania, Turkey. Ellis added: “We did not get the results we wanted in France, but in terms of memories, those will be etched in our minds for as long as we live. We shall never forget.” Goalkeeper Andile Dlamini, who was one of Banyana standout players, said she still gets excited when talking about their achievement. Dlamini said: “I remember everything about that period like it was yesterday, even though it is a year now – such memories no one can take away. “If I were to relive the moment, I don’t think I would take anything back. It happened the way it was supposed to happen. Of course, we wanted to win, but God’s way is not our way. We can never change it and we have learnt a lot from all that.