Is it true that Fifa has a plan B? Will South Africa be stripped of the World Cup hosting rights... will they meet the deadline? It feels like yesterday when the doomsayers and fear mongers targeted press conferences to sow a seed of doubt about the country’s capacity to host Fifa’s flagship event. Trouble started when then Fifa president Sepp Blatter intimated that the world football governing body would activate an alternative plan... only in the event of a natural disaster. Little did the diminutive Swiss know that his revelation would trigger a flurry of speculation about possible alternatives for the 2010 finals. This was despite the successful hosting of the Confederations Cup. I remember a foreign news correspondent harping on an unverified reports about the "killing field", in an attempt to spread fears the about safety and security of the  thousands headed for these shores. Hell, even the vuvuzela was flagged as a potential weapon for hooligans. In the end though, the first whistle was blown on the opening match as the Fifa show got underway. It was on this day that the hard work and dedication that went into the bidding, and the subsequent preparations for the event finally bore fruits. It was truly a time for Africa. And I was privileged to be a part of it all. But as Mzansi celebrates the 2010 World Cup anniversary this week, it is worth noting the role played by Blatter for Africa to have its greatest footballing moment. The former Fifa boss may be disgraced following the scandals which forced him out of office. But the continent will eternally be grateful for his bold decision - a great risk to his reputation and the organisation he led - to back Africa for the tournament of such magnitude, in the face of the doubting Thomases and relentless criticism. Yes, a lot of lobbying happened behind the scenes... also not discounting the "Madiba magic".But Africa, the so-called dark continent, needed the backing of a European. And an influential figure at that.World football has never really trusted Africa. Ever wondered why European nations never play high-profile friendlies on the continent, except of course, in a selected few countries? In fact, it may take a century, if at all, for the World Cup to return to Africa. ”I will be proud because it is a little bit like my baby. I've had a dream for 34 years to bring the World Cup to Africa, ” said Blatter, who made no secret of his aim to bring the event to Africa. Danny Jordaan, who was the World Cup Local Organising Committee chief executive, put it better. ”The president (Blatter) took a big risk in championing Africa and especially South Africa to stage the World Cup. ”We sit here today glowing in the success of a fantastic tournament just completed. But had it gone wrong, Blatter would have been made to answer.” Indeed, Mzansi delivered a unique and a memorable World Cup, one which will be talked about for many years to come.