The unions represented at South African Airways (SAA) feel they are unfairly being made to suffer the consequences of years of corruption and mismanagement at the state-owned airline, culminating in it being placed in business rescue at the start of December last year.   The business rescue practitioners published a rescue plan earlier this week and creditors, which include labour, lenders and lessors, will get to vote on 25 June. The plan proposes keeping only 1 000 of the almost 5 000 current employees. It could be increased in future, depending on the airline's ability to increase operations once it is able to restart. Employees have not been paid salaries since 1 May, when the practitioners indicated that there is no money left to continue operations. The Covid-19 flight bans had led to SAA only doing ad hoc repatriation and cargo flights. Neither government nor the practitioners have been able to find a suitable equity partner for the airline yet and it is unclear whether Minister of Finance Tito Mboweni will make any funding for SAA available in his emergency budget set for 24 June.      "If government is serious about the new SAA recovering and becoming viable and profitable again, it must take to the skies at the same time as other airlines are doing currently, and all the routes that were terminated must be reinstated," say NUMSA and SACCA. They already face a Labour Court appeal hearing by the practitioners at the end of the month against a finding in their favour that a section 189 retrenchment process started by the rescue practitioners was unfair. The two unions are now also considering legal action to try and stop voting on the proposed rescue plan. NTM The National Transport Movement (NTM), on the other hand, urges government to finalise the funding of severance packages at SAA. It believes the R2.2 billion allocated in the rescue plan is not enough to cater for two weeks' pay per year of service. The union also regrets that the plan only provides for the retention of 1 000 employees. Furthermore, it is not happy with the benefits that will accrue to pilots due to a prior agreement from before the rescue process that they have in place. According to NTM president Mashudu Raphetha, the union wants to see the rescue plan implemented without delay and severance packages payable within 14 days thereof. It also wants to see the selection criteria for employees to be retained for the "new" airline to be completed by 1 July. NTM wants the DPE to redeploy staff who cannot be retained at SAA, to other state-owned entities and transformation remains a top priority for the union. SATAWU For the SA Transport and Allied Workers Union (Satawu) it is important to protect South Africa's state-owned airlines from privatisation or liquidation. At the same time, the end goal must be the creation of a sustainable state-owned airline. "Satawu's discontent with the reality at hand is that ordinary workers are casualties of corruption, poor leadership and maladministration caused by previous managers," it said in a statement. The union reserves its rights to collective action if it deems it necessary. Satawu also realises that trimming staff numbers is an unavoidable reality, but it still hopes that a substantial number of jobs can be saved by re-deployment in the creation of a new airline. Solidarity  For Derek Mans, Solidarity's organiser in the aviation industry, the proposed rescue plan is basically the same airline structure, just with fewer employees. He also notes the, as yet, absence of a strategic equity partner to be able to implement the plan.  "No strategic equity partner will invest in a company if there is no certainty on the ownership cap as well as government's policy as it relates to a developmental airline. What is also upsetting is that the plan gives money to other state-owned companies, like subsidiary Mango, while the rest of the industry, such as FlySafair, SA airlink and Comair, are suffering," he said.  "Solidarity cannot support retrenching more than 3 000 SAA employees while the cadres deployed are still at top structures. It is common cause they don't have the cause nor the skills to run the airline."  SAAPA  In the view of Captain Grant Back, chairperson of the SAA Pilots' Association (SAAPA), the proposed rescue plan contains inaccuracies. The union is dismayed about what it regards as certain required consultations not having taken place.  SAAPA also questions the millions of rand spent on consultants - both by the practitioners as well as the DPE - in the attempted rescue process.  "SAAPA is further concerned that the DPE continues to act as though they have the necessary expertise to turn around an airline and are making operational decisions without having anyone in their ranks who has airline business experience," says Back.  "DPE's involvement in SAA historically has assisted in putting SAA into its current poor position and we have no faith that their continued involvement will assist the new SAA."  At the same time, the pilots remain committed to assist in the relaunch of the national carrier, but on a viable basis.    https://www.news24.com/fin24/companies/industrial/saa-unions-we-are-the-victims-of-corruption-mismanagement-which-govt-allowed-20200619 