Popular music duo Blaq Diamond has launched a own record label called Umuthi Record. The duo consists of Ndumiso Mdletshe and Sphelele Dunywa. They have teamed up with their current record label Ambitiouz Entertainment on the business venture. ALSO READ: MBALI IS GATVOL OF DATING RUMOURS! Announcing the news, the Ibhanoyi hitmakers took to Instagram and said: “We have created this new platform for the youth and have partnered with Ambitiouz Entertainment. We will be accepting demo submissions soon.” Speaking to Daily Sun, Sphelele said: "We created the record label because we wanted to inspire the youth. These are the opportunities we didn't have when we started out. We decided to take the little that we have and create something for the youth who do not have resources to showcase their talent." The duo explained their decision of partnering up with Ambitiouz Entertainment. "More than anything else, Ambitiouz is home for us and they gave us a chance to prove ourselves. When we signed with the label, we only knew how to write and produce for ourselves, but they opened doors for us to be able to write for other artists." "So when we thought of who can guide us to do the right thing, Ambitiouz came to mind," said Sphelele. They said all their songs are still going to be released under Ambitiouz Entertainment and this move was not to dump the record label. "Just to clear things, the aim is not for us to leave Ambitiouz and we have no intentions of ending the relationship we have with them. They are family to us," said Sphelele. "We are happy under them and we are still grateful for the opportunity they gave us when we had nobody," he said. Ndumiso said: "As young black artists we struggle to get proper platforms that can assist us. And having a platform such as Ambitiouz, which has helped us and a lot of artists to be known, is amazing." The duo said they are looking for authentic people to sign to their newly established record label, which already has one artist signed under it. "We are looking for young authentic musicians. The more raw you are, the more true you are to yourself. We are not looking for someone who wants to become famous, we are looking for people who are passionate and hungry for this." "The best way to catch our attention is to tag us on your videos online, showing us exactly what you can bring to the table," Ndumiso said. SEE POST BELOW: We have created this new platform for the youth & partnered with @ambitiouz_entertainment . Follow @umuthirecords ?????? Lets Go , We will be accepting demo submissions soon A post shared by  U M U T H I ?? (@blaqdiamond150) on Jun 19, 2020 at 4:18am PDT  