KAIZER Chiefs defender Siphosakhe Ntiya-Ntiya has opened up about how he went from working as a herdboy to playing professional football for one of the biggest clubs on the African continent. The 23-year-old, who was born in the area called Buzana in the Eastern Cape, recalled how he used to spend a lot of time in the farmlands herding cows and tilling the fields. This was after he had moved to Durban to stay with his grandmother and mother, who were working in Kwa-Zulu Natal at that time. Speaking to the Kaizer Chiefs website, Ntiya-Ntiya, who is one of the academy graduates at the club, revealed that his upbringing has helped mould him into the man he is today. “I stayed with my great grandmother. When she died, I moved to Durban and stayed in Umlazi township. My grandmother and mother were working in Durban,” said Ntiya-Ntiya. “As far as I can remember, I did everything that you can think of a village boy can do, ‘Ukulusa izinkomo nokulima’ (herding cows and tilling the fields).” But football was always on his mind and in his heart, especially after he had the joy that the sport brought to his brother who was his inspiration in football. The diminutive left full-back had a solid foundation in football as he played for various youth teams, including the SuperSport academy before joining the Soweto giants. “I started playing soccer when I moved to Durban around 2005-06,” said Ntiya-Ntiya. “I was inspired by my brother. He was enjoying it and playing football looked cool. I played for a township team called Barsenal FC. “In 2013 I was scouted by SuperSport United academy and moved to Pretoria. I enjoyed good years of learning at United before I moved to Chiefs in 2016. “Moving to Chiefs was a blessing in my life until today, I have never looked back.” He has been one of many talented youngsters who have been afforded an opportunity to shine in Chiefs’ senior along with the likes of Happy Mashiane, Njabulo Blom, Nkosingiphile Ngcobo and Bruce Bvuma. Since his promotion to the first team, Ntiya-Ntiya has stamped his authority in the Chiefs squad whenever he’s been fit, making a total of 45 appearances across all competitions. This season, Ntiya-Ntiya has played 16 games in all competitions for Amakhosi, starting 10 of those matches. “It took me by big surprise when I signed for the first team. Everything changed,” said Ntiya-Ntiya. “For starters, I was able to provide for my family back home. “And that is a great feeling. My grandmother was able to resign from work because I was able to provide for her needs. There are many things that changed for the better. I am very grateful to Chiefs.” The fact that Ntiya-Ntiya has made it as a professional player for one of the biggest clubs in the country has not made him rest on his laurels. The youngster is aware that football is a short career and continues to further his studies, he is currently a Business Management student. “I think there is only one way out for the youth to advance in life,” Ntiya-Ntiya said. “The only opportunity that is real is to study and be qualified. The youth must study as much as possible. “With education the youth will be able to avoid the many ills that we witness happening everyday in the society.”