PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has misled the nation in his
address on Wednesday when he announced that parliament was dragging its feet on
laws that would assist to fight gender based violence. This was the charge by official opposition DA chief whip
Natasha Mazzone who said this emerged during a parliament programme meeting
when Ramaphosa’s address to the nation was reflected upon. In his passionate speech on gender based violence, Ramaphosa
said some demonstrable progress has been made in supporting survivors, citing
regional courts that have upgraded to sexual offenses courts. “Legislative amendments have been prepared around, among
other things, minimum sentencing in cases of gender-based violence, bail
conditions for suspects, and greater protection for women who are victims of
intimate partner violence. “I urge our lawmakers in parliament to process them without
delay,” said Ramaphosa on Wednesday night. But Mazzone said this statement was discussed in full at the
programming meeting on Thursday morning, and it was found and agreed upon that
there is currently no legislation that Parliament has not dealt with in terms
of GBV. “The only Bill that comes close to dealing with GBV is the
Prescription of Sexual Offenses Amendment that has already passed through
Parliament and is currently before the National Council of Provinces (NCOP) for
consideration. “It is clear then that inaction in dealing with this scourge
comes from the President’s own Cabinet, and that his Ministers are simply
trying to shift the blame for a problem that has been paid nothing but lip
service for years,” said Mazzone. She said she has written to Parliament Speaker Thandi Modise
to inform Ramaphosa that he has actually misled the nation in this regard. She, however, said that since parliament debated
gender-based violence in September last year, there has been no attempt by
Cabinet to address this problem. “Parliament has always processed any Bills that come to it
with the necessary urgency. Unless the President steps in and ensures that his
Ministers draft Bills, his statement last night will only be empty words to try
and appease the anger simmering in communities but will ultimately not stem the
GBV tide,” she said.