FORMER Bidvest Wits winger Sifiso Myeni is saddened by the demise of the club that launched his professional career. The Clever Boys management sold the team’s Premier Soccer League status to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila boss Masala Mulaudzi at the weekend. Masala will relocate the team to Limpopo ahead of the start of new season, meaning a demise to one of Mzansi’s oldest club. Myeni made his PSL debut with Wits in 2008 and went on to win the Nedbank Cup and MTN8 trophy prior to his move to join Soweto giants Orlando Pirates. He re-joined Wits in 2016 and helped them to lift the Absa Premiership title for the first time in the club’s history. Said Myeni: “It’s sad that a club with such a rich history has been sold. The owners know why they sold it, maybe it was a business decision. I thought it was just rumours when I heard about the sale for the first time. But when I heard TTM boss reveal on radio that the only thing left now was for the PSL to confirm the sale, then I knew the club was gone.” The 31-year-old, who is currently club-less after his contract was terminated by GladAfrica Championship side TS Sporting due to financial constraint says Wits created a lot of great memories he will always cherish. “I joined the club because they had a good youth set-up. Coach Roger de Sa and Eric Tinkler gave me the break to play professional football. I was signed within three days of having trials with the team. I played with a lot of great players like Marawaan Bantam, Winstanley brothers (Ivan, Neil), Richard Rantjie, Lehlohonolo Majoro and Moeneeb Josephs. Other youngsters like Patrick Phungwayo and Sibusiso Vilakazi found me in the first team. I am proud that I made history by becoming one of the first players to play at the new FNB Stadium in 2010 when we beat AmaZulu (3-0) in the Nedbank final. I made more history by winning the league with the club.” Myeni’s hopes of reuniting with his former teammates to celebrate the club’s 100 years next year will no longer happen. “Maybe the team would have done something to celebrate 100 years and invite all players. ” 