  BASIC
Education Minister Angie Motshekga has given the green the light for return to
class of further grades on July 6 as the country continues to grapple with the
coronavirus pandemic. The
confirmation is contained in the set of directions which, provide further
clarity and guidance on a variety of matters affecting the basic education
sector. The
directions have been signed by the minister and published in the Government
Gazette. According
to the directions, all the grades; Pre-Grade R, Grade R, Grade1,2,3,6,10, and
11 will return to class on July 2. Also
returning to class will be Schools of Skill: Years 2 and 3; Schools for
Learners with Severe Intellectual Disabilities (“SID”): Grades R, 1, 2, 3 and
final year (Occupational); · Schools
with Learners with severe and profound Intellectual disabilities (“LSPID”):
Years 1-3; and · Schools
with autistic learners: Junior Group (below 13 years) and final year (18 years
and above) The
regulations make room for schools to deviate from the phased approach to bring
back other grades that are not covered by the directions. According
to the directions, the school may be permitted to deviate from the phased
return to school in respect of specific grades or dates, as contemplated in
direction. This will
only be done provided that such school complies with the minimum health,
safety, and social distancing measures and requirements on COVID-19, referred
to in section 5 of the DBE Standard Operating Procedures and the Department of
Basic Education Guidelines. In the case
of a public school, it also has all the COVID-19 essentials in place and the
principal and chairperson of the governing body or school board or their
delegated official notifies the Head of Department of the Provincial Education
Department. The
department has further emphasized strict adherence to all health and safety
requirements put in place in schools and said it will continue to monitor the
return of learners to schools with a sharp focus safety for all. “We will
continue to work hard in schools to make sure that we protect our learners,
teachers, and employees within schools. It is important to work together to
ensure that we beat the virus,” she said. The
Department is working hard to make sure that all schools are COVID-19 compliant
before it can receive learners. “What is
also important is to ensure that even during school hours and beyond we stick
to the basic requirements of wearing the mask, sanitize, wash hands and keep
physical distancing,” Motshekga said in a statement released by the department. The
minister called in members of the community to refrain from visiting schools as
that also increased the risk for more infections.