The family of an Umlazi councillor, who was
brazenly shot and killed in his own yard while his children helplessly watched
on, have spoken about the traumatic incident. Ward 84 councillor Bhekithemba Phungula, who was
also an ANC branch chairperson, died in a hail of bullets as unknown assailants
opened fire on him at his home in eNgonyameni, south of Durban, on Tuesday
evening. Speaking out after witnessing her father's murder,
Nqobile Phungula said they were shocked and did not expect such violence at
their home because her father worked hard in the community. "As a family, we have no suspicions of
anything because at the moment we don't know much. We are still awaiting to
hear what happened and we are all still in shock about how this happened." She said her father never mentioned feeling under
threat. "He had never mentioned anything about
intimidation, and nothing up until this point had happened, to raise
suspicions. We were really shocked when it happened right in front of us." Phungula said she had gone to the hospital and
returned home at the very same time as her father. "Our cars entered the yard one behind the
other. When he got out of the car, a person we do not know approached. I don't
know where they came from." We heard gunshots, and then he was
down She said she heard two gunshots ring out "and
then he was down". "We didn't see the suspect and what he looked
like, but we are shocked that dad was shot inside the yard and right in front
of us. My eyes are like this (bloodshot and puffy) because we couldn't sleep
last night because we don't know what will follow and who these people
are." Phungula said they had to now "bury our father
in peace and leave the rest in the hands of the law". "My dad was a quiet person, who loved people
and loved his community. He had a lot of love for the community and he always
put them first as their councillor. We have suffered a great loss." Rampant killings KZN Premier Sihle Zikalala on Wednesday announced
the resuscitation of the Multi-Party-Political Intervention Committee to combat
rampant killings in the province this week. He directed the MEC for Transport, Community Safety
and Liaison, Bheki Ntuli, to come up with a plan of action to combat the
murders.  https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/our-dad-was-shot-right-in-front-of-us-family-of-umlazi-councillor-speaks-out-20200624 