Prolonged closure of restaurants over lockdown has forced
rodents to flee cities. Hordes of giant rats that are immune to poison and carrrying
a wealth of diseases are moving away from the cities and setting up colonies in
the suburbs in search of food. Daily Mail reports that the prolonged closure of
restaurants, cafes and other eateries during lockdown in Britain has resulted
in less food available for the vermin and they are instead moving further out
into residential areas. There have even been reports of hungry and territorial rats
turning to cannabilism in recent weeks. A survey from the British Pest Control Association revealed
more than half of UK rat catchers have seen a surge in complaints about
infestations, The Sun reports. Rat catcher Martin Kirkbride, of Openshaw, Manchester, told
the Telegraph that he believes there are more rodents in the UK now than during
the industrial revolution, but they mostly live in sewers. He said: 'They live with us and are here because of us. The
more people there are, the more food there is for the rats.' Scientists have also found an increase in rodents spotted in
the suburbs since lockdown began. Professor Steven Belmain, of Natural Resources Institute in
Greenwich, added that while some will move back to the cities after
restrictions end, many others will continue to maintain their new strongholds
in the suburbs. He said: 'What is happening is they are moving into
residential areas and finding food sources there, so deciding to make it home.' Away from Britain, other countries are experiencing a
similar problem with rats during lockdown. In the United States, the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention has put out a new advisory alerting people to be aware of 'aggressive
rodent behavior' on the unsuspecting public. 'Community-wide closures have led to a decrease in food
available to rodents, especially in dense commercial areas,' the CDC said.
'Some jurisdictions have reported an increase in rodent activity as rodents search
for new sources of food.' 'Environmental health and rodent control programs may see an
increase in service requests related to rodents and reports of unusual or
aggressive rodent behavior,' the advisory reads. Speaking about the rodent turf wars displayed by the rats,
Bobby Corrigan, an urban rodentologist, said: 'It's just like we've seen in the
history of mankind, where people try to take over lands and they come in with
militaries and armies and fight to the death, literally, for who's going to
conquer that land.