FORMER Uzalo actress Nokuthula Mabika’s chest of secrecy has been smashed wide open. And she’s broken her silence about the accident she was involved in that left a Grade 11 pupil mentally disabled. The young star, who played Thobile in the SABC1prime-time drama, didn’t hold back. According to the actress, she decided not to speak to the media at the time of the accident because the matter was under investigation. Said Nokuthula: “I believe the family failed to speak the truth. After the matter was reported in the media, I felt my life was in danger. “Many people blamed me for what happened. “I even received threats via phone calls from strangers.” The actress ran into Sanele Maphalala (19) from KwaMashu with her BMW on that fateful day on Dumisani Makhaye Road in August. A case of reckless and negligent driving was opened at the KwaMashu Police Station. But Nokuthula said it was withdrawn due to lack of evidence. The incident resulted in Sanele spending time in ICU and being discharged from hospital this year. At the time, Nokuthula was accused of being under the influence of alcohol when the accident happened. But the actress denies the allegations. “I wasn’t drunk. It hurts to hear people say I caused the accident because I was drunk, which isn’t true,” Nokuthula explained. “That day, I’d come from fetching my car, which I’d sent to the mechanic for service. “How could they possibly give me my car if I was drunk? I wasn’t.” Nokuthula said the accident was beyond her control, as it was dark already. “That road is wide open and there were no robots where the accident happened. These boys risked their lives by crossing where they weren’t supposed to and without checking for danger first. She also denied being in the car with former Uzalo colleague, Nelisa Mchunu (Fikile in the telenovela), at the time of the accident. “Nelisa and Simphiwe Majozi (Sbu in Uzalo) arrived at Polly Clinic, where I’d rushed the boy. “I was alone in the car when the accident took place.” Last year, Sanele’s family toldthe SunTeam Nokuthula gave the Sanele and his friends R150 at the clinic and disappeared. But Nokuthula said the R150 wasn’t payment for injuring the boy. It was paid for transport to take the injured boy’s friends back home. Asked for comment, Sanele’s family told the SunTeam the teen was now on a special diet due to his condition as a result of the accident. Sanele’s mum Sbongile Maphalala said they couldn’t afford it. She said the least Nokuthula could do was help buy Sanele food. But Nokuthula said she couldn’t do anything to help the family since the matter was handled by the law. Sbongile told the People’s Paper her heart bled whenever she looked at her son. Insisted Sbongile: “I don’t have the power to deal with that girl or punish her. I’ll let God take over. “My son’s future has been ruined. I’m poor and unemployed. “And my son was my hope to change my poverty-stricken life, just like her [Nokuthula]. “Now, all my hopes are shattered, along with my son’s dreams.” “The case was withdrawn by the court in March, but it’s all because it was manipulated. “What comforts me is that it was manipulated by a person living on this Earth, and not God,” she said. “God will deal with all those who were the course of my son not getting justice for what had happened to him.”