 The Western
Cape says 55 schools have been affected by cases of Covid-19 in the province,
while 30 schools in Gauteng have reported cases. A total of
11 Western Cape schools were closed on Friday due to Covid-19 concerns, but
were expected to reopen on Monday. This was
confirmed on Monday by the Western Cape Education Department (WCED), which
manages 1 509 schools across the province. School
gates in the province opened for their second week on Monday. WCED
spokesperson Bronagh Hammond said: "Over 99% of our schools were open as
of last Friday. Eleven schools were closed on Friday due to cleaning. These
schools should be open today [Monday], however, reports have yet to be collated
in this regard." On the
number of cases of the coronavirus, she advised: "Last week 55 schools
reported new employee cases of Covid-19. This affected 66 employees. In each
case, the necessary cleaning must take place. This may or may not affect the
school in terms of closure, as some cleaning can take place on a weekend. It
depends on the day of confirmation and the times at which the cleaning can take
place." In Gauteng,
Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi confirmed on Sunday that 30 schools in the
province reported cases of Covid-19. The province manages approximately 2 000
schools. Lesufi said
26 are public schools, and four are independent. Six of the cases were pupils. Redhill
School in Johannesburg has implemented strict protocols to protect students
from contracting the virus from each other while at school. Hammond was
asked to detail the steps taken at schools, and explained: "Whenever an
employee or learner tests positive or is exposed to someone who has tested
positive, the necessary protocols are followed. These protocols can be found in
WCED Guideline L: Managing Covid-19 cases in schools." "Schools
have been provided guidelines on cleaning, as well as what to do when there is
a positive case of Covid-19 in a school or if someone has been in contact with
a positive case of Covid-19. "Those
who have been in close contact (e.g. handshake or hug) with a confirmed
positive case are required to self-isolate for 14 days from their last contact
with the individual. Those not in close contact do not have to self-isolate. "If
there has been a confirmed case of Covid-19 then the school is required to
contact the district for assistance in terms of further cleaning. In all other
cases, schools should follow the guidelines and protocols for cleaning as
provided," the education department's spokesperson concluded. SOURCE:
NEWS24