THE mood was sad as women mostly dressed in black gathered outside Tshegofatso Pule's home this evening in Meadowlands, Soweto to honor her memory. They lit their candles visibly pained by the death of the 28-year-old and 8month unborn baby. Mmabatho Leepile told Daily Sun that she had to defy the lockdown rules and come to pay her respect to the Pule family.   "I didn't know and had never met Tshegofatso but as a woman and a mother I felt the pain that the family is feeling. I pray hard that whoever killed her gets what they deserve l," she said. Ntombufuthi Sibeko said this was a dark tone for the country and this particular incident isn't making things any easier. " I know people are going to blame it on alcohol, but this was intentional and I hope whoever did this rots in. I'm coming back for the funeral to pay my last respects," she said. Tshegofatso was last seen by her family last Thursday when she was going to her boyfriend. She was found four days later hanging from a tree at Durban Deep in Roodepoort.   No arrests have been made. She will be buried tomorrow. Mzansi’s scourge of gender based violence is once again in the spotlight with Tshegofatso’s painful death and that of Naledi Phangindawo. The 25 year-old from Cape Town  was brutally killed on Saturday. A 34-year-old man was expected to appear in the Mossel Bay Magistrate's Court today in connection with  her murder. According to Southern Cape police spokesperson Captain Malcolm Pojie, the man handed himself over to the police in Lwandle, Cape Town, on Sunday at around 18:00. "The preliminary investigation reveals that the suspect attended a cultural function at a residence in KwaNonqaba on Saturday when [Phangindawo] was called outside, where the suspect was waiting to address her. "Eyewitness reports reveal that the suspect attacked the victim with sharp objects, which they described as a knife and an axe, without any warning. She was taken to a local hospital for medical treatment. "Unfortunately, she succumbed to the injuries sustained during the brutal attack."  