FIRED Ria Ledwaba has grounds to challenge her dismissal as Safa vice president in court. This is according to lawyer and football law expert, Dennis Sebuyi. Football authorities frown upon their members approaching the courts for relief, and Fifa invariably encourages aggrieved parties to exhaust internal processes for conflict resolutions. But a case law, which has been established as one of the resolution mechanisms, would allow Ledwaba to head to court. Ledwaba was dismissed after the Safa NEC expressed their displeasure at the her violation of the association’s laid down internal processes and understood that as lack of confidence in the Safa’s constitutional and governance structures, her handling of Safa matters in the public domain, as well as her engagement with third parties. Ledwaba has insisted she has done nothing wrong and indicated she will be challenging the decision to dismiss her. “Fifa say football matters can be taken to Caf and Fifa for resolutions. “However, the High Court in Johannesburg has since changed the scenario,” said Sebuyi. “It says Safa cannot insist on forcing people to resolve issues through internal procedures. The court ruled that Safa’s conduct is subject to review in court in terms of Paja (an administrative act in the bill of rights), which simply says she has a right to immediately go to court. She doesn’t need the support of the other vice presidents to do that. “There is a case law by Judge David Unterhalter. Safa is aware of it. You’d remember the case involving Ajax Cape Town, Tendai Ndoro, Safa and the PSL. “The court acknowledged that Safa and Fifa have so much power, but said that cannot shield them from the decision of the court. “They’re a public institution and if you have a situation where the very same leaders are implicated in a matter, the matter can be referred to court.” Ledwaba said her advice that the controversial Mokoena report (former acting CEO Gay Mokoena) be referred to an independent body for investigation did not go down well with fellow NEC members, and subsequently subjected her to personal attacks. But Sebuyi further said that ideally Danny Jordaan, the Safa president, should step aside and let the association deal with the matter in his absence. “The Safa council must pass a resolution to appoint an independent body to investigate the allegations and avoid possible conflict. That is a standard practice.” The Mokoena report contained damning allegations against Jordaan, accusing him of violating the constitution. Safa has since rejected the report on the basis that it contained “many claims that could not be substantiated”.