MZANSI’S road running queen Glenrose Xaba says nothing beats the feeling of being back on the road to exercise. Xaba was frustrated by the lack of training outside because of lockdown restrictions, but she can now afford a huge smile on her face. Athletics South Africa (ASA) cancelled events in March due to the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. Xaba did not take part in any competition so far this year, because of the coronavirus. Even though she misses competitive running, she is grateful to be able to do her long runs on the road daily. The lockdown level 3 regulations allow people to exercise from 6am to 6pm. “That feeling of being on the road for the first time to exercise is indescribable. It felt like my athletics career was taken away from me, but just to be given a chance to train again is unbelievable,” said a relieved Xaba. Xaba, who is coached by renowned athletics mentor, Michael “ Sponge” Seme, is a training partner of marathon super star Stephen Mokoka and Collen Mulaudzi. Xaba runs in the colours of Boxer Running Club, and she is grateful that the supermarket giants is still supporting her financially during these tough times. She also benefited from the Minister of Sports, Arts and Recreation Nathi Mthethwa’s relief fund. The minister distributed R150 million to the sports and arts sectors, as part of the relief fund. Each athlete was given R20 000 and Xaba said the money has helped her and her family to survive. “ Boxer is taking care of me and is contributing to my financial needs. And the money that I got from the relief fund also helped me and my family a lot,” said a grateful Xaba. The former Spar ladies 10km challenge and SA 10km and cross-country champion is studying electrical engineering at Tshwane North TVET College, at the Mamelodi campus. “I’m able to focus on my studies and enjoy my subjects there. We are learning online. But I would have preferred to attend classes though,” she said. Xaba said that she misses the Spar ladies’ races and she is hopeful that at least one of the races will still take place this year. It consists of six races run in six cities – Cape Town, Durban, Pietermaritzburg, Port Elizabeth, Pretoria and Joburg. The overall winner on points pockets R187 000, but no race has taken place so far.