MONDAY marked the first day of alcohol sales since it was banned when lockdown started in March. People were over the moon and many waited for hours to quench their thirst. While they were out queuing, the Department of Economic Development’s inspectors and law enforcement were also out to play their part. They managed to close three alcohol outlets that were violating lockdown regulations. Two of the outlets were in the eThekwini district, which is one of the Covid-19 hot spots, and the other was in uMkhanyakude district, which is in the far north of KZN. No safety measures were in place at the stores and they did not adhere to social distancing guidelines. Economic Development MEC Nomusa Dube-Ncube commended a team of inspectors from the department, KZN Liquor Authority, Department of Employment and Labour, Metro police, cops, crime intelligence and other law enforcement agencies for their unannounced visits to all licensed premises across the province. “I want to reiterate that our entity, KZN Liquor Authority, is empowered to recommend the suspension of the liquor licence until the end of lockdown, or for three months,” she said. Dube-Ncube said if they brought enough evidence pointing to the violation of any of the provisions contained in the regulations or the sale of liquor in terms of the KZN Liquor Licensing Act, they could make the recommendation to shut down the outlets. “In addition, I’d like to thank all the major permit holders for their adherence to the regulations. These are aimed at ensuring the health and safety of customers, workers, liquor traders and the people of this province as a whole,” she said. Dube-Ncube said that there were 8 000 liquor licence holders in the province that were back in business. She called on people to remember that they were only allowed to buy alcohol to take home, not to stay in the trading space. “We wish to remind customers that no consumption of liquor is permitted in bars and shebeens,” said Dube-Ncube. She also emphasised that the team would continue to ensure all regulations are observed.