Miss Eco International 2019 Suheyn Cipriana has reportedly abdicated her throne after falling pregnant. The Miss Eco International Organisation released a statement in which they mention that Suheyn agreed to the rules set out by the pageant when she first filled out the application.The crown has been handed over to Amy Tinie Abdul Aziz, who was the fourth runner-up in the competition. According to Rappler, rumours that Suheyn is pregnant started to circulate on pageant sites toward the end of May. A statement shared by the Miss Eco International Organisation on Instagram reads in part: "Ms. Cipriani had agreed to the rules from the moment she filled her application form. The hectic schedule of the Miss Eco winner is unsuitable for pregnant women. Since it may negatively affect the upbringing of a newly born child deprived of his monther's love [sic]." "We feel sad that Ms Cipriani is unconvinced and insists the rules made her feel uncomfortable and burdensome," the statement goes on to say, adding that Suheyn "did a great job" performing her duties. The organisation also mentioned that in future it would "look into" making rules more inclusive "without hindering the overall essence of the pageant". The post was also used to introduce the beauty queen who will be taking over the title of Miss Eco International 2019 - Amy Tinie Abdul Aziz, who was fourth runner-up.  Like many pageants, Miss Eco International's rules stipulate that the winner cannot fall pregnant during her reign - something which Miss Universe Canada 2016, Siera Bearchell, described as "archaic" in a video she shared on YouTube. The clip was posted before Miss Eco International released its statement and sees Siera, who is also a mom, address the rumours circulating about Suheyn at the time.    Like many pageants, Miss Eco International's rules stipulate that the winner cannot fall pregnant during her reign - something which Miss Universe Canada 2016, Siera Bearchell, described as "archaic" in a video she shared on YouTube. The clip was posted before Miss Eco International released its statement and sees Siera, who is also a mom, address the rumours circulating about Suheyn at the time. Today a woman was stripped of her international pageant title because she "fell" pregnant. Some will say "rules are rules." However, it used to be a rule that women could not vote.  It used to be a rule that women could not hold property.  It used to be a rule that women could not open a bank account.  It used to be a rule that women were not considered 'persons.' Rules are not always rules. ???????????? For those who don't know, most pageants ban women who have ever carried children from entering their pageants.  It is also a rule in most pageants that if a woman is to "fall" or "become" pregnant during her reign, she will be stripped of the title. ???????????? I believe each situation should be looked at individually.  In this case, the woman only had a few months left of her position and likely would not be visibly pregnant.  What a beautiful thing it would have been for this pageant to celebrate the power and magic of women to grow life.  Pageants are meant to empower and celebrate women.  In this case, a woman is being punished for her choice. ???????????? While I also believe it would be VERY challenging and truly impossible to be 7-9 months pregnant and be travelling the world as a titleholder.  I think each situation should be considered differently.  For the most part, women are not going to become pregnant during their reigns because it is such a busy time.  But things happen and such is life! ???????????? I hope other pageants will take this opportunity to re-evaluate their archaic rules and develop systems that support and empower the women who represent their titles. ???????????? *not pregnant. Photo from when I was 7 months pregnant with Lily. My hair doesn’t grow 13 inches overnight lol ?? photo by @snairjessiephotography edit by me. A post shared by  Siera Bearchell (@sierabearchell) on May 27, 2020 at 6:07pm PDT  Suheyn did not immediately address rumours, but has now confirmed that she is indeed pregnant, sharing a post on her Instagram Stories where she showed off her baby bump.She has also saved part of the clip on her Instagram highlights bar and captioned it "Mi" along with a baby emoji and a blue heart. The Miss Eco International 2020 pageant, which was supposed to take place from March, has been postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. The competition will now take place from 25 August to 12 September 2020. ??Important announcement: Miss Eco International is Back!! Wait for this year's edition on 25 August to 12 September 2020 in Egypt, for first time IN THE SUMMER! Let’s continue spreading awareness for our Mother Earth! ????? ???!! ???? ???? ?????? ??????? ??????? ???? ????! ???????? ?? ????? ?? 25 ??? ?? ?????? ?? ???? ???? ??? ?? ?????. ?????? ?? ??? ????? ?? ??????? ????! #missecointernational #pickalbatroshotels #Dantydentalspaeg #hemajoe_hairstylist #vatikanatural #ecoteleg #ecspire #missecointernational #thisisegypt #ecospire #egypt #sharmelshekh #hurghada #instaegypt @ecospirewonderfulworled #Miss_Eco_Teen @suheyncipriani @amberbernachi @natalia.carvajal_ @patrisharimfire @thia_thomalla A post shared by  Miss Eco International (@missecointernational) on May 3, 2020 at 11:07pm PDT 