MAMELODI Sundowns striker Mauricio Affonso is grateful for the time that the Covid-19 enforced break has afforded him to recover from his injury. The lanky striker, just like his teammate Thapelo Morena, was expected to be out for the remainder of the season after he underwent ankle surgery. However, it seems like the Uruguayan forward could still have a chance at featuring for the Brazilians this season afterall. He is one of many players who have used the lengthy break due to the pandemic to nurse themselves back to fitness. “It’s going well. It’s been three months since the operation and thankfully that had gone well. I did it at the right time because I was dragging these pains in my ankle and it wasn’t allowing me to play at my best,” the forward told his club’s official website from his home in Uruguay. “I must say this lockdown has allowed me to heal properly and relax a bit. And also not be so anxious because if you are busy with rehabilitation and you see the football continuing around the world and Sundowns carrying on, the anxiety can make you want to play before you are ready but thankfully this wasn’t the case. “I’ve been recovering well and just taking it day by day. To be honest, with these long injuries you have to be patient. But thankfully I’ve been feeling good and working well with the physiotherapist here in Uruguay.” Affonso, who is eager to return to action with his club, will be delighted to learn that clubs have finally been given the green light to return to training by minister of Sport, Arts and Culture, Nathi Mthethwa. He has been a potent weapon for Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane whenerver he's been fit, banging in six goals from 13 matches in all competitions. “Obviously I am just waiting like everyone for everything to go back to normal with this COVID situation. I am also excited to travel back to SA to see the team and train again with them. The time I’ve spent with the team has been great,” Affonso added. “I felt welcomed by the coaches, my teammates and the directors. So right now I am just waiting for when I can return and play football which is what I love.”