THE SA Football Association (Safa) are expected to endorse the Premier Soccer League’s swift proposal for the return of football in their Joint Liaison Committee (JLC) meeting today. Embolden by the statement of Sport, Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa over the weekend, the PSL representatives in the JLC will motivate for the resumption of domestic league matches as soon as it is possible to do so under Level 3 lockdown regulations, with the month of July earmarked for the restart. Safa have been following Fifa’s directive on the football ban as the football leagues around the world grappled with the coronavirus outbreak. The PSL suspended both the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship in March due to Covid-19. But the football association’s position is understood to have shifted somewhat after Mthethwa’s statement and they will support the league’s efforts to conclude the domestic season. Mthethwa announced all sporting codes will be expected back at training, explaining athletes have not been in training and ”we do not want to have them out of shape forever”. “The process of training will ensue for both contact and non-contact sport,” the Minister said on Saturday. “From the point of view of non-contact sports it’s both training and resumption of play. But for contact sport it’s only at the training level.” Safa have admitted Mthethwa’s statement will be helpful as the JLC sought a way forward for the resumption of football. Mthethwa has since urged the two bodies to work together and come up with a single position on the feasibility of football resumption. Like other public gatherings, football is prohibited under Level 3 of the national lockdown. “Safa welcomes continued engagements, mindful of the negative financial impact Covid-19 has had on sports in general,” said acting Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe. “Football is amongst the major sporting codes that have been heavily affected by the pandemic. We welcome the fact that athletes can start training under strict specific conditions.” The latest government developments present the league with an opportunity to push for the proposed plans to conclude the season under strict health and safety protocols. Said a well-placed source: “Safa have not been in favour of any proposal to lift the football ban under lockdown. But their position will now shift as a result of the Minister’s statement. This could allow for the PSL to go ahead with their plan to put teams in a camp and work out a format for matches to take place under strict health precautions and conclude the season. Venues have been identified but it’s unclear at this stage where all 32 NSL teams can possibly converge.” The PSL executive committee is set to meet tomorrow and thereafter brief the clubs. Clubs have been advised to act responsibly and support the efforts of government.”