 The Gauteng Department of Health says it is closely
monitoring Covid-19 cases at mental health institutions, after three department
facilities and three contract facilities recorded multiple cases. This comes after positive cases have been recorded at three
out of the department's four mental health facilities and at three contracted
facilities. As of Tuesday, out of the 699 mental health care users
(MHCU) at Weskoppies Hospital, 19 tested positive for the virus, five are
awaiting their results and 675 tested negative. "Of those that are positive, one person with underlying
illness died on 15 June 2020, while another one was admitted to the Tshwane
District Hospital on Monday," spokesperson Kwara Kekana said in a
statement on Wednesday. In addition, eight staff members tested positive and are
subsequently in isolation, 34 are awaiting their results while 1 165 are
negative. At the Sterkfontein facility, none of the 490 mental
healthcare users are positive. However, out of the 873 staff members, seven
have tested positive, 359 are awaiting results and 507 are negative. Meanwhile, a female user tested positive for Covid-19 at
Tara Hospital on 4 June, while one staff member tested positive on 11 June
following exposure to the woman. "The employee is currently in isolation at home with
mild symptoms," Kekana added. In the contracted Baneng Care Centre - a total of 14 mental
health care users were tested and seven people were confirmed positive for
Covid-19. "These include four females and three males, with the
results of five MHCU still pending," Kekana said. Gauteng education MEC Panyaza Lesufi has announced that 38
schools in the province have reported Covid-19 cases. Lesufi was updating media
on the first day of the reopening of schools on Monday afternoon in Midrand. In addition, nine staff members tested positive, three of
those have recovered and are back at work while two remain in isolation at a
quarantine centre and four are isolated at home. The Waverly Care Centre has seen one MHCU test positive for
Covid-19, while four staff members tested positive and are isolating at home
while one staff member is awaiting results. Out of the total 426 MHCUs at Solomon Stix Morewa Memorial
Hospital, 93 tested positive, 255 are negative and 68 are awaiting results. "Sadly an elderly man with underlying conditions who
was admitted at Charlotte Maxeke Johannesburg Academic Hospital died on 17 June
2020," Kekana explained. In addition, 18 staff members tested positive at the
facility while 43 are negative. The 18 staff members who tested positive are in
self-isolation, with three of them accommodated at one of the Clinix Health
Group's health facilities. "The department is closely monitoring the situation
across the facilities. A number of the MHCU's are people with co-morbidities. "Coupled with the inability of most patients to adhere
to Covid-19 precautionary measures put in place such as regular hand washing,
cough etiquette, wearing of masks and maintaining physical distance, this makes
mental healthcare users to be among the most vulnerable groups," Kekana
concluded. Gauteng currently has 24 041 cases of Covid-19, with 5 620
recoveries and 122 deaths. SOURCE: NEWS24