HUNGER forced the early adjournment in the murder case of Andile “Bobo” Mbuthu. The six suspects appeared in the Verulam Magistrates Court today. They were finally brought to court after they previously appeared through a TV screen while in Westville Prison. Mlungisi Thabethe (28), Andile Nhleko (27), Mcedisi Mzobe (27), Siyanda Msweli (27), Lindani Ndlovu (22) and Malusi Mthembu (27) applied for bail. The first accused, Thabethe, was the first to apply for bail. However, just when senior prosecutor Krishen Shah started his cross examination, the matter was adjourned. Shah asked Thabethe if he was okay as he seemed down. Thabethe said he was hungry. “I’m hungry as I haven’t eaten the whole day.” Magistrate Thiloshir Badal then postponed the matter for tomorrow. The accused’s lawyer Chris Gounded asked Thabethe if he knew Bobo, and how he was related to him. Thabethe said he and Bobo were cousins. “Our fathers were brothers,” he said. Gounden then asked Thabethe to tell the court where he was on 28 April, the day Bobo went missing. Thabethe said: “I remember that day very well because it was my birthday. I arrived at the tavern called Magagula in Hambanathi where my five co-accused were. We then discovered that there was some alcohol missing.” He said someone told them the alcohol was stolen by Bobo. “This person told us where we would find Bobo. I then asked accused number five Lindani Ndlovu to drive me to the place where Bobo was,” he said. He said he asked Bobo where the alcohol was. “I only slapped Bobo on the face a few times and asked him to take me to where the alcohol was. “He wasn’t injured. We then drove to a house where we found the alcohol. Some of it was in the wardrobe, while some was placed under the bed. We took the alcohol and left,” he said. Thabethe said after Bobo gave him the alcohol, he told him he never wanted to see him at Magagula again. “He left and that was the last time I saw him. I then left the tavern to buy some meat because I wanted to have a braai with my co-accused as it was my birthday,” he said. He said he went back to the tavern to ask the co-accused why they hadn’t arrived at his home for the braai. “When I arrived I saw three woman related to Bobo. I asked if Bobo was still there because I had asked him to go,” he said. He said he and his co-accused then proceeded with the braai as they had planned. Gounden then asked him about his arrest. “My mother told me the police were looking for me. I looked for them and found them at Shell garage at Fair Breeze, and they arrested me,” he said. Thabethe said he didn’t have a reason to kidnap Bobo as he had given him the alcohol back. He said he had no previous convictions or pending cases. “I’m self-employed. I own taxis. I support my three children, mother, wheelchair-bound gogo and two unemployed brothers,” he said. Thabethe said he wasn’t a lawbreaker and wouldn’t interfere with the state witness as he didin’t even know them. “Regarding Bobo’s death, I was not told about how he died and when he died,” he said.