THERE
was drama at eThekwini metro cop's funeral when other cops boycotted the
funeral because mourners were more than 50. The funeral of Lindo Madonsela who
was shot and killed together with his colleague Innocent Thusi on Tuesday was
at Magaba hall in Mpumalanga township west of Durban today. When SunTeam
arrived at the venue there were many metro cops who were in full uniform
outside the hall. After an hour they all disappeared while the funeral was
still proceeding. Only two members remained who spoke on behalf of the
colleagues. Superintendent Musa Mbonambi apologized to the family and said when
they realized that the hall was packed and people not observing coronavirus
regulations they felt they shouldn't be part of something against the law. He
sent his condolences to the family and also left immediately. "I'm sure all of you see that
you are more than 50. If as police we come in here we will have to enforce the
law so we felt we shouldn't come in rather," said Mbonambi. Generally when there an officer
has died cops do the guard of honour and parade but none of these activities
took place at the funeral. Madonsela's coffin was draped in ANC colours and
party supporters packed the hall. The meeting was attended by senior leaders
including former Social Development MEC Meshack Radebe and Thabani Nyawose who
spoke on behalf of the ANC. He called for calm within party structures and
urged them not to point fingers at anyone but allow the police to do their job.
He said although Madonsela was a police officer but he was ANC leader and very
active member. He said he had a view on who should lead eThekwini region when
the elective conference sit. "Comrades lets be calm and
the only we can avenge's Madonsela is to have a peaceful conference and ensure
that the leadership he was campaigning for wins the conference. ANC youth league  ward 91
brsnch chairman Siphiwe Khoza said it was no longer a secret that Madonsela was
in Nyawose's camp. He said he was a chairman of the Nyawose's supporters in the
ward. He said ANC youth league branch secretary Kingdom Gcabashe who was killed
three weeks ago in the area was also in Nyawose's camp. Meanwhile another cop Thusi was
burried in Tongaat north of Durban yesterday.