THE Limpopo province could produce the next Miss SA 2020, if the gods continue to smile on them. The province boasts two finalists in this year’s Top 15 of the pageant. One of the finalists, Shudufhadzo Musida, said village girls can do big things too. The 23-year-old from Ha-Masia, in Limpopo, said she hoped other girls from small villages would be inspired by her. Said Shudufhadzo: “I’m an example that where you come from doesn’t mean anything. Young girls should know that nothing is impossible. No dream is off limits. They can dream as big as they want and as much as they can, regardless of where they come from.” She said she started modelling as a means to make extra money. “I started modelling when I was 17 years old. It was just a plan to make extra money, I did editorials and campaigns. Now I am part of the biggest pageant in South Africa,” she said. The beauty queen, who holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from the University of Pretoria, said she cannot believe she has made it this far. She’s also currently studying a BA Honours in International Relations at the Wits University. “My family and friends are actually the ones that convinced me to enter for the pageant. For me, it was just an experiment. I wanted to see if I could do it because my people believed in me. Now, I have made it to this far and it’s been really amazing,” she said. Shudufhadzo, who has been a favourite on social media since the Top 35 was announced, said the love she’s receiving is overwhelming. She insisted: “The love and support I get is really great. “But it’s overwhelming for someone like me because I’m shy. “But I don’t let it get to my head. Otherwise, their love has made the journey a great one.” When asked what she’ll do if she wins, she said: “I’m already doing what I love, and that’s charity work. “I really enjoy helping, my focus is the education and empowerment of women and children. Should I win, I’ll continue with the charity I am working with because I am passionate about it.”