 THE FAMILY are still confused about what happened. The man came onto the property, sat down in the middle of the yard, and seemed to do some rituals.  THEN HE CAME TO THE DOOR AND ATTACKED THE FAMILY WITH AN AXE! The Manzinis from Greenfield, Ekurhuleni, told Daily Sun the man attacked and killed Thulani Sgubudu (46) and injured Stella Manzini (67) on Monday, 8 June. Said Stella: “I’m very grateful to be alive. But I can’t understand why the man attacked us.” She said the man kept chanting words while speaking to what may have been evil spirits. She heard him saying: “I’ve arrived at the black house. Show me the light, gogo Dubulamanzi. Should I kill them all?” The house is referred to as a black house because it has black tiles. Stella tried to close the security gate as the man approached, but he hit her in the face with the back of an axe before she could push the lock. She fainted and doesn’t know what happened next. Gogo Rose Manzini (92), who was in the house, said the man fought with Thulani and overpowered him. “Thulani lay on the sofa and the man went to the bedroom,” said the gogo. “He took off his clothes and returned to Thulani. The naked man butchered Thulani with an axe. “He kept on striking him as if feeding Thulani’s blood to evil spirits.” When Thulani was dead, the man ate the food Stella had prepared for the family, left the house with blood all over his body, and stood naked in the gate for a long time, praying to his spirits. No one in the house could go outside to scream for help as the man stood in the gate. All they could do was to peek through the window, watching him perform his rituals. They kept calling the cops and ambulance, who took a long time to come. A couple walking past saw the man and were terrified. When the man attacked, the neighbours stepped in to help. They held him down until police and the ambulance arrived. Thulani was taken to hospital, but died shortly afterwards. The Manzinis said they’d learnt that cops let the man go. “We fear for our lives. We don’t know if he’ll come back to finish what he started,” said Stella. “We need cops to find him and lock him away.” Captain Kay Makhubele said the man was taken to hospital by police after sustaining injuries following a beating by residents. “He is under police guard,” he said. Makhubele confirmed that police were investigating murder and attempted murder cases. 