MAMELODI Sundowns forward Lebohang Maboe admits he came close to joining one of the Soweto mega clubs - Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs - but the Tshwane giants had something more to offer, inluding competing against the best in Africa. What the Soweto giants could not guarantee and something that swayed Maboe was that they are not as ambitious as Sundowns are when it comes to Confederation of African (Caf) club competitions. Sundowns won the race for his signature as Maboe wanted to test himself against the best on the African continent. Maboe even turned down the interest of Chiefs coach, Ernst Middendorp, who signed him from Mbombela United in 2016 when the German was in charge of Maritzburg United. Since Maboe joined Downs from Maritzburg at the beginning of last season, he won the Absa Premiership in his first season and this term he collected a Telkom Knockout winner’s medal. He was Sundowns’ top scorer in the league last season with eight goals from 27 matches. “Sundowns showed far more interest than any other club. I was convinced that if I join this club, I would play in Africa and I have since played in Africa. Sundowns were the right team for me to join,” said Maboe. Even the fact Maboe’s father, Sidwell, played for Pirates, didn’t matter. Sidwell is a Pirates legend having scored the winning penalty against Chiefs in the Iwisa Charity Spectacular final in 1997 at FNB Stadium. Maboe said times have changed and Sundowns have made an impact in Mzansi and on the continent. He added: “At Sundowns you are also guaranteed that you are going to win two or more trophies every season.” Sundowns pushed to sign Maboe after he gave the Tshwane giants a torrid time in the Nedbank Cup semi-final in the colours of Maritzburg in the 2017-18 season, scoring in that 3-1 win played at the Harry Gwala Stadium. Maboe said joining the Brazilians was the best move. “I knew there was pressure, but it was going to help me grow by getting experience of playing in Africa. I don’t regret coming here. It’s the best decision I ever took”