MZANSI’S enthusiastic runners have been dealt yet another major blow as Soweto Marathon race organizers canceled the 2020 edition. Runners were still recovering from the cancellation of the popular races such as Old Mutual Two Oceans and Comrades Marathon races, and Soweto Marathon is the latest big race to confirm that this year’s edition won’t take place as planned because of the outbreak of the COVID-19 global pandemic. Last month the Soweto Marathon Trust chairman Sello Khunou said the board was waiting for the government to move to lockdown level 3 before they can deliberate on whether to go ahead with the race or not. But following the board and their partner’s meeting on Friday, the race organizers issued a statement to cancel the race today. The public gathering is still prohibited in Mzansi, and the race was only given permission to stage the event for elite runners only and not for thousands of casual runners according to a board member of the Soweto Marathon Trust. Khunou said they were planning to host 40 000 runners this year, but because of the safety of runners they decided to not cancel the 27th edition of the race. “We’re deeply disappointed at not being able to host the 27th edition of this iconic annual event,” said Khunou. “The People’s Race has always been a great celebration of our people’s strong spirit, but with the Covid-19 pandemic expected to peak only around September this year, we cannot take the risk of hosting 40 000 people on 1 November, which is too soon thereafter.” Vuyo Lee, Chief Marketing Officer at Old Mutual, the title sponsor of the race, fully agrees. “As a responsible business, we have a duty of care to all our stakeholders and we must do whatever we can to help curb the spread of the pandemic, and protect the health and safety of our people,” she says. “Much as we love the People’s Race and its unique celebration of iconic locations in Soweto, the struggle against Covid-19 is a battle that can only be won by social distancing and staying away from crowds as much as possible.”