 Teaching at
seventy-seven Eastern Cape schools has been affected within four days of
reopening - some due to confirmed Covid-19 cases and others as a result of
suspected cases. Eastern
Cape education department of spokesperson Loyiso Pulumani said 48 of the
schools were investigating suspicions of the novel coronavirus, and 29 were
closed after positive cases were confirmed. The
department, which manages about 5 000 schools, has called for calm. According
to the National Association of School Governing Bodies, 31 of the schools were
in the Buffalo City Metro (BCM), incorporating East London, King William's
Town, the capital Bhisho and surrounding rural settlements. Eastern
Cape chairperson of the association, Mongameli Peter, said they had warned the
department about the premature reopening of schools. "In
Nelson Mandela Bay, there are more than five schools closed and in [the] BCM,
there are 31. The numbers are rising by each hour. We are concerned. We had
said before that let us use June and July for thorough preparations and open
schools in August. This situation is forcing the education stakeholders to
review their position on this matter." One of the
latest schools to close in East London is St Anne's Primary in Southernwood. St Anne's
principal Meg Holmes confirmed that the school closed on Wednesday after one of
five teachers overseeing 78 Grade 7 pupils was in contact with someone who had
tested positive. "Yes,
we are closed until the educator gets their results back, possibly by Monday.
If they are negative, we will reopen. The person who tested positive is not
from our school. The teacher was called to get tested too," Holmes said on
Thursday. Schools
were reopened in a staggered manner for pupils in grades 12 and 7 on Monday,
amid great anxiety from parents, SGBs (school governing bodies) and teacher
unions over the possible rapid spread of Covid-19. The
outbreak of the novel coronavirus has forced the world to embrace a "new
normal". This week, a number of schools across the country welcomed some
of their pupils back. The
province has two metropoles - Nelson Mandela Bay and Buffalo City - and six
district municipalities. Schools in these areas were expecting 13 000 pupils in
grades 12 and 7 to return on Monday. West Bank
High School in East London was closed within hours of reopening on the first
day of school on Monday after a parent tested positive for Covid-19. Principal
Tom Dreyer sent all his 49 Grade 7 pupils home and barred parents from entering
the premises. The
affected pupil is expected to get test results on Friday, Pulumani said on
Monday. On
Thursday, Pulumani said: "We are reliant on science-led interventions in
this uncertain time and will not willingly put any learner or teacher's life in
danger. Adherence to these operating procedures is non-negotiable and action
will be taken against any principal who opens a school that has not been
cleaned or where there is a lack of PPE (personal protective equipment)." Pulumani
added it was important to remember that cleaning or fogging is effective in
killing the virus on school surfaces. "Schools
do not need to be closed for an indefinite amount of time as cleaning occurs.
After advice from the health department on who needs to isolate and [after]
cleaning has been done, schooling can resume. Pulumani
added: "We continue to wish all of those infected with Covid-19 a speedy
recovery and are still grateful that we have not recorded any deaths in this
province due to this disease as a sector. Through our preparation and
round-the-clock monitoring, we hope to keep it this way. We aim to save the
academic year, while preserving lives." SOURCE:
NEWS24