 HE USED to break into people’s homes to feed his nyaope craving.But one day, he broke into the wrong house and was caught, moered and necklaced.WHAT SHOULD HAVE THE BEEN THE END OF HIS LIFE TURNED OUT TO BE THE START OF A NEW ONE! Peter Kgatlhe (26) from Mabopane said he prayed to God to give him a second chance when he saw the flames of death last year. He thought he was dying and that this was a sign to change his ways. “I was scared when the tyre was put around me,” he said. “But what was frightening was when it was set alight and the heat and flames blinded me. “I saw heaven and prayed for God to forgive me. I woke up in hospital, in unbearable pain. “Instead of crying from the pain, I thanked God for yet another chance at life. “I’ve learnt from my mistakes and that crime doesn’t pay. People should work hard and not steal.” He was badly injured. “I have burn wounds all over and can’t carry things,” he said. “I didn’t open a case against those people. They let me go. They saw how badly they hurt me.” He didn’t care who burnt him. “I don’t remember them, but I know they saved my life,” he said. “Yes, I’m hurt. I’m injured and my life isn’t the same anymore, but I’m a better person now.” Peter stole from family when he became an addict. “I then stole from shops and neighbours just to get a fix. That became an everyday job,” he said. He didn’t feel guilty. “When you’re an addict, the only thing you think of is feeding your craving. I didn’t care who I was stealing from,” he said. He didn’t steal big things. “If I needed R35 I’d steal anything just to make money. I didn’t steal TVs and stuff like that. That would have been a lot of work.” Peter wants to quit drugs. He said: “I’m working on quitting and would appreciate help. To make money, I help shoppers carry groceries to their cars and taxis at the shopping mall.” Peter urged young people to make good choices and to respect their parents. “I had everything I needed and my family was supportive, but I disappointed them,” he told the People’s Paper. “Young people need to make wise choices, so they don’t end up like me.” Peter’s best friend Shimmy Mawala (25) said: “I’ve been asking and begging him to stop stealing. “He’s now a changed man and I’m happy for him. “He works with me at shopping complexes and no longer is a petty thief.”