The Gauteng provincial government says it may possibly look at
"intermittent lockdowns" as the province prepares for a peak in
Covid-19 cases. Intermittent lockdowns will see the province opening up and then closing the
economy for a particular period of time, Health MEC Bandile Masuku told News24
on Monday.&amp;nbsp; Masuku was speaking on the
sidelines following the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with car
manufacturer BMW South Africa and the German government. The multimillion-rand investment will result in over 700
additional bed capacity at identified hospitals across the province. Gauteng Premier David Makhura was
also present during the official signing, done via a virtual set-up, with
officials from the German government and BMW linking up from Munich. Also present was Health Minister
Zweli Mkhize, who joined in from KwaZulu-Natal. To alleviate cluster outbreaks
and the increasing spread, Masuku said the provincial command council was
looking into various options and would continue monitoring the changes in the
pandemic throughout the coming weeks. "The [Covid-19] response is not standard, and it's not
rigid. It is dynamic and agile - and it will depend on the circumstances as we
view them and as we review them every day. There are number of methods and
number of options that we are looking at, and actually discussing and reviewing
their outcomes, and what could be the objectives of them. "It is a possibility to look
at what we call intermittent lockdowns, where we open up for a particular
period and close for a particular period of time," Masuku said. Mkhize announced on Sunday that
Gauteng would emerge with the highest number of
cases in the coming days, overtaking the Western Cape, which
currently has over 60 000 cases. On Sunday, Gauteng had a total of
36 895 cases, according to Mkhize. The minister said factors
contributing to the rise in cases were due to the move from Level 4 to 3,
inward migration, the large population, especially in metros like Johannesburg,
Ekurhuleni and Tshwane, as well as increased congregating, which had led to
cluster outbreaks. MEC Masuku said the expected rise
in infections meant that regulations should be re-enforced, particularly on
physical distancing and hygiene in communities, which is something the
provincial government was already doing. He said, as the pandemic evolves,
the department will continue adapting its response.  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/gauteng-could-see-intermittent-lockdown-as-covid-19-peak-looms-masuku-20200629