THE sale of Premier Soccer League (PSL) club Bidvest Wits’ status has been confirmed, after weeks of speculation. The Braamfontein-based club’s status has been sold to Limpopo businessman and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila owner, Masala Mulaudzi. Mulaudzi, who sold the GladAfrica Championship status of Tshakhuma for around R13 million, proceeded to purchase the top flight status of The Clever Boys for an apparent R60 million. As from the beginning of next season, Tshakhuma will be campaigning in the top flight, ensuring Limpopo continues to be fully represented. Speaking to SunSport yesterday, Masala confirmed he had purchased Wits and would be relocating the team next season. “The deal is done, I have bought Wits’ status and we will submit the new name and relocation of the team to Venda next season,” said Mulaudzi. “All that is left now is for the National First Division to approve our submission. “I’m so pleased and happy as my dreams have came true. “I’m not doing this for me, but for all the Venda people to have more professional teams in the PSL, and to develop the place where I come from.” Should Baroka, Black Leopards and Polokwane City survive the dreaded relegation axe hovering above their heads, Limpopo will have four teams in the top flight next season. With TTM set to play their home games at the Thohoyandou Stadium, Venda will have two PSL teams with Lidoda Duvha also using the intimidating stadium as their home. “This is great news for the people of Limpopo, particularly in Venda. They should all celebrate. We hope the submission can be approved,” Mulaudzi added. In the past few weeks, the uncertainty around Wits’ future has seen their star players linked with moves to some big PSL teams. The likes of Thulani Hlatshwayo and Deon Hotto are said to be on their way to Orlando Pirates, while players such as Haashim Domingo and Gift Motupa are also said to be on their way out. Wits’ highly rated coach Gavin Hunt’s future is also uncertain with the sale of the club.