THE SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) arbitration process involving Tennis SA (TSA) board member Ntambi Ravele, TSA President Gavin Crookes, and suspended Sascoc acting president Barry Hendricks, is heating up. Ravele took Crookes and Hendricks to arbitration because of alleged political interference. Crookes and Hendricks are said to have unlawfully blocked Ravele’s Sascoc presidential candidacy in February. Ravele then wrote a series of letters to Minister of Sports, Arts and Culture Nathi Mthethwa to intervene. As a result of her complaint about the pair, an independent advocate was appointed to investigate the matter and it was referred to arbitration. Sascoc acted by putting Hendricks on special leave until the outcome of the arbitration. The arbitration commenced last month, but there’s still no outcome and the matter seems to be dragging. Apparently, parties involved in the hearing continue to threaten each other, as things are getting heated up. Hendricks refuses to go down without a fight as he is eager to contest the Sascoc elections. The elections were supposed to be held on 28 March at the Olympic House headquarters in Rosebank, Joburg north. But the complaints of Athletics SA president Aleck Skhosana, Netball SA president Cecilia Molokwane, and Ravele, forced Sascoc to call for a postponement. Skhosana and Ravele, whose presidential candidacy were rejected by the election commission, were reinstated. But Ravele will not rest until she is also re-instated in the elections. The International Olympic Committee has given Sascoc till November to elect a new board. But at the rate the arbitration is going, it might take a while before the public to get the outcome. “Yes, there’s a problem that’s affecting the arbitration process. But I can’t go on about it,” admitted Ravi Govender, Sascoc acting CEO. “We’re still engaging parties involved in the process and hopefully, we’ll have an outcome, but I won’t deny that we’re encountering problems.” Sources said Hendricks was fighting back and Crookes refused to shoulder the blame that resulted in leaving Ravele out in the cold. “I know you know more about what’s going on here. We need a little bit more time. “It’s unacceptable that the process is still dragging on, this case is tougher than you think,” that’s all Govender was prepared to say when asked why it was taking too long.