THE South African Football Players Union (Safpu) has asked the Premier Soccer League to investigate the controversial sale of top Premier Soccer League club, Bidvest Wits to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila. Safpu have written to the league raising a number of issues relating to TTM over alleged non payment of players and coaches contracts, and want these matters looked into before they decide on the transaction. Stated Safpu president Thulaganyo Gaoshubelwe: “This is a team (TTM) that is known for not complying and paying their players. When Covid-19 hit, they went ahead and deducted the players’ salaries without engaging them. “By our own knowledge, this is a team that doesn’t have money to pay the players and how do you make sense of that this is what you are going to do (if they have bought Wits)? But we are mindful of all those issues and that is why we wrote the letter to the league.” And the union boss told the Wits players: “Whatever happens, players must stay put and players must not settle for less, players must not run because the club is now owned by TTM. We urge them to stay with the club and they should not expect anything less than what their contracts were at Wits at this particular time.” The notoriety of TTM’s failure to pay players’ salaries previously may work against them when the PSL executive meet shortly to either approve or decline their request to buy Wits. TTM almost got sanctioned from Fifa recently, but they managed to avoid it. They paid Malawi striker Atusaye Nyondo before the deadline after their former striker took his complaint to the world football governing. Nyondo was paid all his dues on 4 June. Jean Munganga and Vuyani Ntanga are other players who complained the club didn’t respect their contracts. Also, TTM coach Vladislav Heric was put on “special leave” before the season was suspended in March due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Heric was the third coach TTM had employed this season, following the sacking of former Orlando Pirates assistant coach Momcilo Medic and Dutchman Errol Akpay. Another test that TTM will have to face from the league is that their chairman Mulaudzi cannot own another club after just selling his GladAfrica Championship club TTM in a short space of time. According to the NSL rules, an owner is mandated to observe a 12-month cooling off period. Former Royal Eagles co-chairperson Shauwn Mkhize (previously known as Mpisane) is current serving that cooling off period.