BANYANA BANYANA coach Desiree Ellis has expressed her admiration for South African Under-20 women’s coach Jabulile Baloyi. Ellis believes Baloyi has what it takes to make history by helping Basetsana qualify for their first-ever World Cup tournament. Having helped Banyana make history when they made their maiden World Cup appearance in France last year, Ellis tips Basetsana to follow and qualify for the 2020 African U-20 Women’s World Cup. Baloyi, who has dedicated her life to women’s football, also led Basetsana to the AUSC Region 5 Games championship title in 2018 in Botswana. “Coach Jabu has paid her dues in the game, she has a lot of experience and is capable of achieving big things with that team,” said Ellis. “She is one of the students of the game that we have in women’s football. I have been very impressed by the amount of work that Jabu has put into this squad since she took over. “This team hasn’t been to the Fifa World Cup yet, and the current technical staff will definitely want to change that. They have our full support.” Ellis is determined to form a solid working relationship with U-20 coach Baloyi and U-17 coach Simphiwe Dludlu. Ellis insists coaches at all levels of women’s national teams have to be on the same wavelength to make the process of players moving up the system a lot easier. “We already have players from the Basetsana squad who have Banyana Banyana caps,” added Ellis. “Players like Sibulele Holweni, Karabo Dhlamini and Noxolo Cesane. We have also looked to bring Oratile Mokwena into the fold slowly. “We are always looking for quality to add into the Banyana squad because we are always thinking about the future. We have to be ready and have a proper succession plan in place. “What’s key is the relationship between all the coaches. We all work together and assist one another to improve and grow women’s football in the country. “Coach Toki (Dludlu) is doing a fantastic job, producing good players at U-20 level and coach Jabu is also doing the same for Banyana.”