In the next four weeks, the number of Covid-19
cases nationally is estimated to top 400 000, and 7 400 deaths could occur, according
to updated projections used by the government. Updated projections by the South African Covid-19
Modelling Consortium (SACMC) was published by the National Institute for
Communicable Diseases (NICD) on Wednesday, providing the first update to projections published
initially on 19 May. "The model projects that if testing patterns
remain unchanged there may be more than 408 000 detected cases by mid-July.
However, prioritisation of testing may result in a reduction in detected cases
to approximately 133 000," the report, dated 12 June, reads. News24 previously reported that Health Minister
Zweli Mkhize confirmed that due to constraints on supplies of testing and
extraction kits, testing strategy nationally would
change to focus on patients who were hospitalised, those living
in hotspot areas and healthcare workers. The latest model used data from
laboratory-confirmed infections until 5 June and a detailed set of parameter
estimates. "The cumulative number of deaths by mid-July
is expected to be 7 440 (3 610-14 000)." ICU bed capacities are expected to be exceeded in
the Western Cape and neighbouring Eastern Cape by the end of June, according to
the updated model. But the SACMC urges caution when interpreting the
projections. The report reads: The models have
been developed using data that is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. All
models are simplifications of reality that are designed to describe and predict
system behaviour and are justified by the assumptions and data with which they
are developed. The May projections estimated that, by mid-July,
the number of active symptomatic cases would be around 500 000 on an optimistic
band, and 1.2 million on a pessimistic outlook, with estimated roughly 5 000
deaths by mid-July. The SACMC is made up of key experts from several
university-based institutions and is convened by Dr Harry Moultrie, a senior
medical epidemiologist based at the NICD, the Modelling and Simulation Hub
Africa (Masha) from the University of Cape Town, the South African DSI-NRF
Centre of Excellence in Epidemiological Modelling and Analysis (Sacema) from
the University of Stellenbosch, Health Economics and Epidemiology Research Office
(HE2RO), which is made up of experts from the University of the Witwatersrand
and Boston University School of Public Health, based in the US.  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/investigations/covid-19-7-400-deaths-400-000-cases-expected-by-mid-july-but-data-uncertainty-remains-20200624 