Aaron Mokoena (c): The Bafana Bafana World Cup captain who led from the defence has since retired. Mokoena, who played for English Premiership side Blackburn Rovers retired from football at the age of 33 in 2016. Last year, Mbazo, as he is affectionately known in football circles, joined GladAfrica Championship side Swallows FC to work as the head of the scouting department. Lance Davids: Davids hung up his boots in May 2015. The 35-year-old from Mitchells Plain is now a football agent and has shipped off players such as Tashreeq Matthews to Germany’s Borussia Dortmund and Bradley Cross to Schalke 04 respectively. MacBeth Sibaya. He called time on his playing career in 2013, while still on the books of Moroka Swallows. The 42-year-old has ventured into coaching. He has coached SuperSport United’s MDC squad. Steven Pienaar: He retired from football in 2018 having enjoyed 18 years playing at the top level around the world. He called it quits on his international career back in 2012 and is currently serving as an international ambassador at former club Everton. Katlego Mphela: The former Bafana Bafana striker nicknamed “Killer” for his finishing ability, hung up his boots in all forms of football in August 2019 after struggling with injuries. Since his retirement, he has been helping young players in various academies. Siphiwe Tshabalala: The man who set the 2010 FIFA World Cup alight with his stunning opening goal, is one of the few Bafana members of that squad who are still playing. The 35-year-old is, however, clubless after parting ways with Turkish outfit BB Erzurumspor last year. Reneilwe Letsholonyane: “Yeye” is also rounding up his career at Highlands Park, having left Amakhosi for SuperSport United four seasons ago. He has started business initiatives with Tshabalala in order to prepare for life after football. Bernard Parker: The Reiger Park-born goalpoacher is at the twilight of his career at Kaizer Chiefs. Age is no longer on his side and he’s no longer in the starting line-up. Teko Modise: “The General” has retired from football after a sensational, professional career. Two years ago, the 37- year-old released a book titled: “The Curse of Teko Modise”. Matthew Booth: He retired after a fulfilling career that saw him play in Russia, Mamelodi Sundowns and at the 2000 Olympic Games. He is now a TV analyst. Siyabonga Nomvethe: The veteran striker is still playing and scoring goals in the first division for GladAfrica Championship side Uthongathi FC. He has also played in the Italian Serie A, the Danish and Swedish leagues and locally for Amakhosi, Orlando Pirates and Moroka Swallows. Moeneeb Josephs: The veteran goalkeeper is currently contracted to Absa Premiership side AmaZulu FC. Josephs was appointed to back up Ayanda Dlamini as assistant coach after the removal of coach Jozef Vukusic. Siboniso Gaxa: The KwaMashu-born player last played for Ajax Cape Town in 2018. He graduated from Wits University with a Political Science and Social Studies degree last year. Surprise Moriri: He won plenty of trophies in his 12-year spell at Tshwane giants Sundowns and earned 35 caps for Bafana, scoring four goals. He’s back at Sundowns as assistant coach in the MDC. Itumeleng Khune: Probably one of the best goalkeepers on the continent when it comes to ball distribution. The 32-year-old has of late been dogged by injuries and the shoulder surgery forced him to miss the 2019 Afcon in Egypt. He has only featured in four matches in all competitions at Chiefs this campaign. Tsepo Masilela: Had a stellar career which has seen him play in LaLiga and also win two league titles with Kaizer Chiefs. The left-back is currently playing for AmaZulu FC. He almost missed the World Cup due to a bad injury. Anele Ngcongca: Ngcongca came back to South Africa to join Sundowns from Belgian side Racing Genk in January 2017. However, he has not managed to get much of game time in the Masandawana setup. Siyabonga Sangweni: Injuries forced the tough as teak defender to retire from football in 2016. He is back in his hometown in Empangeni, KZN and he is busy with his off-season soccer tournament. Shu-Aib Walters: Walters (38) was perhaps a surprise package in the Bafana’s 23-man squad. Walters is also busy with his coaching badges and he is keen on being a full-time coach. Thanduyise Khuboni: The talented 34-year-old defensive midfielder is now in the books of Uthongathi FC in the National First Division. Lucas Thwala: He was a no-nonsense left back. Thwala was released by SuperSport United at the end of the 2012-23 season, and that was the last time he was seen in the PSL. He’s said to be back at home in Nelspruit, Mpumalanga. Kagisho Dikgacio: He came back to Mzansi to rejoin Golden Arrows in October 2016 following his exit from Cardiff City. As a result of injuries and weight issues, Arrows announced in June 2017 that he would not return for the following season. In 2018, his apparel company International Sports Apparel Design Institute concluded a kit deal with the Football Association of Malawi. Bongani Khumalo: The 33-year-old was touted as the next Lucas Radebe after English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur signed him from SuperSport United just after the 2010 World Cup. But after plenty of loan spells, he rejoined Matsantsantsa. Carlos Alberto Parreira: The 77-year-old head coach of Bafana’s 2010 World Cup squad went back to his native country Brazil after the tournament. South Africa was his last major coaching job. Pitso Mosimane: Mosimane assisted head coach Parreira and is now the head coach of nine-time PSL champions Sundowns. Mosimane replaced Parreira as Bafana coach from 2010 to 2012 before he joined Sundowns. He went on to win the CAF Champions League and four league titles with Sundowns. Jairo Leal: He was Parreira’s third assistant coach during the 2010 World Cup. He came into the country with Parreira and stayed behind to continue his role under Pitso Mosimane. But he returned home to Brazil when his coaching career failed to take off in Mzansi.