Taxi operators confronted Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula during a
media briefing in Tshwane on Monday, saying they did not have essential
protection gear as well as the required permits. In addition, taxi operators are also unhappy about the grant amount
proposed by the government. Following reports of violence during a taxi strike in Gauteng on Monday,
Mbalula made his way to Tshwane to address the media as well as the taxi
industry. Some roads across the province were blocked by taxis affiliated to the SA
National Taxi Council (Santaco), who are demanding R20 000 per vehicle from the
government instead of the proposed R5 000. Mbalula condemned the violence, and also stood his ground on the grant
amount offered to the industry. While he was speaking, dozens of taxi operators surrounded Mbalula while
airing their concerns.   Things started to heat up, the crowd became more aggressive, and Mbalula
was forced to hop into his car and drive away. "You are running away," the crowd shouted as the minister and
his security detail left. Government and industry must work together During his briefing, Mbalula reiterated that the government and the taxi
industry must work together. He said they had a right to protest, but it was counterproductive
because there was "no need to intimidate to make your point heard". "No one would benefit from fighting," he said, adding that it
was an infringement on the rights of commuters to block the roads. Mbalula holds firm Mbalula also did not budge on the proposed grant amount. "Government is in a position to provide what we can provide - we
can't go beyond that [R5 000 per taxi]. There are other issues that the
taxi industry requested from me that I am going to be raising, and I am
negotiating in government [about] health measures," he said. Mbalula said the government and the industry were working together, and
added that he was not trying to undermine them. "We can't take decisions in this country because we are being
intimidated, otherwise there would be no government," Mbalula said.  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/taxi-strike-mbalula-in-heated-confrontation-in-tshwane-wont-budge-on-proposed-grant-amount-20200622 