BAFANA Bafana record goal scorer Benni McCarthy says Mzansi did not capitalise on the opportunity of hosting the 2010 Fifa World Cup. The 42-year-old soccer legend scored 31 goals in 82 matches for Bafana. According to McCarthy, who is the only South African footballer to win the Uefa Champions League title with Porto in the 2003/04 season, Mzansi is not at a level where it is supposed to be for a country that hosted a soccer World Cup. “I’m very disappointed at how we didn’t capitalise on what the country had,” he said. Mzansi will celebrate the 2010 Fifa World Cup anniversary tomorrow, but McCarthy said that we should have been far as a country by now. “We could have gone far after hosting the 2010 World Cup. We could have grown to a certain a level‚ I’m not saying near to the likes of Brazil‚ Germany‚ Spain‚ or England‚ and how England has strived to become better as the years have gone by,” said McCarthy. “And we have inherited all the stadiums and facilities‚ but we still achieved absolutely nothing‚ except for the Premier Soccer League (PSL).” The former Cape Town City coach is surprised that the PSL is the only thing that has grown in leaps and bounds, since Mzansi hosted the showpiece ten years ago. “And we have inherited all the stadiums and facilities – but we still achieved absolutely nothing – except for the PSL. McCarthy told the South African Journalist Association (Safja) that Bafana and the South African Football Association (Safa) are going backwards. “The PSL has made strides and made amazing steps forward in becoming a better league and definitely the best league in Africa. You see a change in the PSL‚ but when it comes to Safa‚ we’ve just gone completely backward. “And that really is just saddening to know that all the money that was spent‚ and all the money that was made‚ every time when you hear about Safa they talk about bankruptcy. “Like there’s no money‚ there’s no this‚ there’s no that. It’s just endless excuses and that is heartbreaking,” said a disappointed McCarthy.