It will cost the Western Cape government R16 000 per bed for
state patients to be treated at a private hospital if government hospitals no
longer have space for Covid-19 patients. This after Health Minister Zweli Mkhize hinted on Tuesday a
deal was imminent, and South Africans who cannot afford private healthcare will
benefit as the government foots the bill. Western Cape head of health Dr Keith Cloete said during a
digital press conference on Thursday: "I can confirm that the rate that
was agreed to for the ICU high care was R16 000." The province will also open its field hospital at the Cape
Town International Convention Centre on Friday instead of next week, to be
ready for the first expected patients on Monday as the number of cases spike in
the province. Cloete said national and provincial government health
officials as well as six private sector hospitals had agreed the price of R16 000
a bed included specialists, equipment, while state patients who were referred
would not be billed. Sites arranged Transport MEC Bonginkosi Madikizela said sites have already
been arranged for quarantine and isolation. The hospitality industry was forced into furlough so beds
and ablutions were procured from the sector, and government sites such as
resorts could be easily converted. Western Cape head of transport and public works Jacqui Gooch
said 13 government facilities were in use already with a 2 452-person capacity,
and 19 private facilities were in use for 1 396 people. On Cape Town's Heerengracht Street on Monday, long strings
of new hospital beds were seen being wheeled into the CTICC. The site is being
converted into a new emergency field hospital. The government has 13 facilities for 749 people ready to be
activated, and has arranged, in the private sector, for another 160 facilities
with an 8 933-person capacity. Additional sites such as police training facilities and SA
National Defence Force sites are also being sought. Cases The province has the highest number of cases and a backlog
of 28 000 tests and is bracing for a deluge of patients. In addition to the beds, the taxi industry has also formed
the "Red Dot" service run by the Umanyano Travel Service with 100
taxis set aside specifically to take health workers to work and back safely.
They can only be 50% full, and are sanitised after each trip. Six thousands passengers have been transported like this
since 18 May. By 12:00 on Thursday, the Western Cape had 634 people in
quarantine and isolation facilities. It had also made arrangements with 44 private facilities for
people who asked to go into private quarantine or isolation, and who can pay
for the services. SOURCE: NEWS24