Sizwe Dhlomo should be counting his lucky stars. Kaya FM has hired him as the host of their newly revamped afternoon-drive show. The previous show was hosted by Kgomotso Matsunyane and Ndumiso Ngcobo, who announced a week ago that they were parting ways with the station. They had also announced that they would be retrenching some of their employees. Sizwe will report for duty on 6 July with the hope of  bringing his vast knowledge of current affairs, popular culture and business acumen to the Monday-Friday show which will also showcase feel-good and familiar sounds. ALSO READ: MUM CHARGED WITH DAUGHTER'S DEATH! Speaking on a statement about Sizwe's new position, Kaya FM's MD Greg Maloka said the most fascinating thing about working with Sizwe will be their ability to explore the length and breadth of the Afropolitan’s interest, knowledge and achievements across many disciplines including science, the arts, economics, fashion, current affairs and more. "His handle on music and passion for Africa and the diaspora is yet to be fully experienced. Our focus will be on how we continue to shift the cultural needle with the view of reflection in five years’ time, on how much further we and our people have moved,” said Maloka. The former 702 radio presenter said he was very excited to be joining the Kaya FM family. "Working under the tutelage of Greg Maloka is something that I regard as an honour and a privilege. I am looking forward to engaging with Kaya listeners, as we drive the station and our country into the future,” said Sizwe.  ABOUT SIZWE He started his broadcasting career 15 years ago on MTV where he was selected as the channel’s first African video jockey. From there his trajectory has soared and he is one of  our country’s most familiar voices and faces in both the radio and television spheres. Some of his notable work includes presenting on SuperSport, forming part of the inaugural Newzroom Afrika team and interviewing Michelle Obama and Bill Gates, to name a few.