THURSDAY will mark ten years since Mzansi hosted the 2010 Fifa World Cup – the first and the only on the African continent. Former Bafana Bafana left-back Tsepo Masilela recalls how he almost missed out in the tournament. Masilela, who was playing for Maccabi Haifa in Israel then, picked up a bad injury against Colombia at FNB Stadium in the build-up to the tournament. Then Bafana coach Carlos Alberto Parreirra’s side won 2-1 in that game. And when Bafana finally kicked off the tournament at the same venue against Mexico, Masilela wasn’t in the starting line-up but on the bench. Parreira opted for former Orlando Pirates defender, Lucas Thwala, Masilela’s homeboy from Mpumalanga. It proved not to be working. It seemed the occasion got the better of Thwala as he was always caught flat, giving little in attack on the left hand side. Parreira saw the danger and changed his tactics as he hauled off Thwala and for Masilela at half-time. The former Brazil coach, who won the World Cup in 1994 in the USA, was looking for a powerful left back and Masilela had that in his locker as players like Giovani Dos Santos, Carlos Vela and Javier Hernandez were contained. “My injury was very bad, it was bad,” reminisces Masilela. “I missed matches against Denmark (another pre-match tournament at Lucas Moripe Stadium where Bafana won 1-0) and in Polokwane (against Guatemala where Bafana won 5-0). “I was busy with physios and the coach was panicking. He even asked if I was sure I was going to be ready. Still today I don’t know how I made it because it was bad.” The 35-year-old, who also played in Spain for Getafe, then started the last two matches against Uruguay and France. But it turned sour for the hosts as Oscar Tabarez’s side thumped Bafana 3-0 in the second group match. Going to the last match, South Africa could not seal their place in the next round, although they beat the shambolic Les Blues 2-1 in the Free State. As a result, Mzansi became the first World Cup hosts to not progress to the next round of the competition. To this day, Masilela said they let the country down. “The second game made it all impossible as it was a complete disaster for us. I think we shouldn’t have lost like that,” revealed Masilela.