By HOPEWELL MPAPU WHEN it comes to viewership, SABC1 primetime soapie Skeem Saam has toppled Generations: The Legacy, one of Mzansi’s longest-running series. This was revealed in the latest figures from the Broadcast Research Council of SA. According to the stats, Skeem Saam dethroned Generations last month as the second most watched soapie, capturing nine million viewers. SABC1 head of channel, Phumzile Zonke, saidthe reason for the surge in viewership was because the show told authentic stories. “What makes the show a success is that we tell real stories that are taken from real-life issues, stories our audience can relate to. “We’re funny, happy, sad, sometimes even with heartfelt tears and even infidelity.” Zonke said the show prides itself on championing conversations about friendships, parenthood and families, as well as career choices. “We even depict the hardships of unemployment, which affects most South Africans. “We hope to retain these numbers as we continue to tell Skeem Saam signature stories while we also remain an educational show.” He couldn’t attribute the rise in viewership to lockdown as that was something they couldn’t be sure about. Meanwhile, MojaLove’s controversial reality show, Uyajola 9/9, has become DStv’s top puller, with 2,5 million viewers. The show follows people suspected of cheating and often sets tongues wagging and tops the social media trend list. Head of channel Bokani Moyo said: “Our content showcases issues which affect them directly, and on the channel these stories are given a voice and a platform of expression without censorship or distorting the reality that the majority of South Africans face on a daily basis. “Uyajola 9/9 serves as a platform for people who’ve tried unsuccessfully to resolve infidelity in their relationships. “On the series, they have a mediator in seeking an answer as to why the partner continues to betray them. “Infidelity has serious societal issues and is one of the contributing factors to the breakdown of the family unit. “We’ll keep on doing what we’re currently doing, and that’s letting all South Africans tell their stories themselves.”