RELATIVES and mourners waited for the body to arrive for the funeral service. But it never did. SO MOURNERS WERE TOLD TO EAT FOOD THAT WAS PREPARED BEFORE GOING HOME. The family then buried the deceased’s trouser and T-shirt! And France Thubagale said he was instructed by the family as it was a ritual if no one could be buried after a grave had been dug. He was meant to bury his wife on Tuesday. France never expected his wife of 13 years, Mantsho Malimo (54), not to be at her own funeral. The 52-year-old from Makapanstad, North West, said he was shocked and heartbroken. “My wife fell sick four months ago and I bathed and fed her,” he said. “This was not a problem because she was my wife and I loved her with all my heart.” France said her family refused to see her. “They said my wife had corona and they didn’t want to get infected. This was an excuse for them not to visit,” said France. He said he and his wife were both sick and admitted to hospital, but he was discharged. His wife later died. “It all started when my stepdaughter took my wife to hospital, and that’s when the family visited her,’ he said. “She died in hospital and they took her to their mortuary. I don’t even know where it was.” He said he spent almost R40 000 on funeral arrangements! “Burial societies brought tents and chairs and my stepdaughter brought groceries to my home,” he said. But his in-laws visited him the day before the burial. “They told me I didn’t do all the lobola rituals. I gave them R1 900 because there was no way we could do them at the last minute,” he said. France said he had previously paid R10 000 for lobola and, according to him, he owed them nothing. He said what was left were rituals to bind both families, and they’d even planned a wedding for September. France said his wife was buried in Temba in Hammanskraal on Tuesday morning, the same day he was meant to bury her in Makapanstad. “My stepdaughter and my wife’s family tore my heart apart. They also went against my wife’s wishes.” France said he’d erect a tombstone. “When my wife died we were still in love. We never fought and I won’t let anyone come between us,” he said. They had five kids from previous relationships. One of the mourners, Regina Kekana, said what they witnessed was shocking as she’d known the family for a long time. “Everybody knows that the two were a couple and lived together,” said Regina. “Instead of us going to the cemetery, we were told we may eat and go home as there was no funeral because the corpse was not coming. “The man must be strong and God will prevail. What was done to him was evil.” Another mourner and family member, who didn’t want to be named, said: “We cooked and did everything, only to learn the body had been buried elsewhere. This was an embarrassment for the family.” When Daily Sun contacted France’s stepdaughter, she hung up several times. Sangoma Majoko Hlongwane said France should be cleansed in a river. “It’s possible for one person to have two graves because you sometimes find two families have problems and both want to bury the deceased.”