PUBLIC Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane’s expected to put a spanner in the works of former Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba’s political project. She’s expected to come down Mashaba for some of his alleged wrongdoings as mayor. Mkhwebane’s expected to make at least five adverse findings against the former DA leader when she releases a report into a probe lodged in 2018 and based on a complaint against Mashaba. Sunday Sun has seen a draft report that was send to the parties concerned to make inputs or respond to the findings before a final version is made public. In it, Mkhwebane said she entertained the anonymous complaint despite it being lodged more than two years after the incident. Wrote Mkhwebane: “Some of the special circumstances I took into account to exercise my discretion favourably to accept this complaint include the nature and seriousness of the allegations… “I submit there’s a huge public interest in the public administration or in the governing of public affairs.” The complainant had raised about 11 matters they wanted Mkhwebane to probe, among them irregular appointments of some of the city’s top officials, financial mismanagement and the mayor’s conflict of interest. According to the report, Mkhwebane intends to find adversely against Mashaba on the appointment of former Joburg Metro Police Department, chief David Tembe, and the late executive director of housing, Moses Mtileni. On procurement matters, Mkhwebane said unless the mayor showed her otherwise, he’d also be found to have done wrong in the extension of a KPMG contract without due process. Mashaba, who came into office after the 2016 local government elections on the DA’s ticket and promised a clean administration, was also found to have erred by funding an NGO that he and his wife, Connie, have interests in. The multimillionaire businessman was also found to have been offside by soliciting “free” consultation from one of his wife’s business partners. Some of the most contentious complaints Mashaba survived include the appointment of former Hawks boss, General Shadrack Sibiya, as the city’s corruption buster and his then city manager, Dr Ndivhoniswani Lukhwareni. Mashaba, who has since launched a political formation called The People’s Dialogue, told the SunTeam he disagreed “with the findings of the draft report and am of the opinion there are material errors of both law and fact”. He also blamed the ANC for leaking the report, saying they wanted to upset the launch of his new book, The Accidental Mayor. Mashaba has promised to tell all in the book about his behind-the-scenes experiences as mayor. He has also promised a legal showdown with the public protector, saying he’d already provided evidence in the past to dispel some of the allegations against him. “It’s important to note that in December 2019, the public protector, in a press conference, stated the allegations against me, as former Joburg mayor, were unsubstantiated. The Section 7(9) notice has accordingly taken me by surprise. “I’ve already commenced consultation with my legal team, and am prepared to take this matter to court, in the event that my response to the section 7(9) notice is not given due consideration,” Mashaba said in a statement. The public protector’s spokesperson, Oua Segalwe, declined to comment about the contents of the report. “Kindly note the investigation is ongoing. Beyond this, I’m not in a position to comment further,” he said. Speaking through his lawyer, Tembe – who stepped down as the JMPD boss in April – denied the allegations. “Our client is in the process of responding to the allegations and has been granted until the end of Lockdown to do so. Our client denies the allegations made in the Notice as if specifically traversed and will put the public protector to the proof thereof should she persist therewith,” Tembe’s lawyer Martin Henning of Martin Henning Attorneys said. KPMG’s head of communications Dudu Ndlovu said: the firm denied any wrongdoing and referred further questions to the city. “We understand the contract extension by the CoJ was applicable to all firms on the panel. Furthermore, we weren’t involved in the decision to extend the contract, this is a question that should be posed to the CoJ. “KPMG SA has also not received the report/findings raised by the public protector, nor has this matter been brought to our attention. We are unable to comment at this stage.” ANC Joburg region secretary Dada Morero said:  they felt vindicated by the findings in the draft report.“When we were telling people about some of the corrupt and unethical conduct of Herman Mashaba, we were not listened to.“We’re satisfied that an office like that of the public protector has done a good job in backing some of the things we’ve been saying.” The DA’s Tsepo Mhlongo had not responded to questions at the time of going to print. According to the public protector’s draft report, Tembe’s appointment was wrongful because of a number of glaring problems. Chief among them is Tembe’s questionable traffic diploma, which he allegedly obtained while already in the job. Mkhwebane also said Tembe was appointed to the position that required a B degree, while he only possessed a diploma. According to the report, Tembe came fifth in the interview process. On the appointment of Mtileni as executive director for housing, the public protector’s investigations revealed the candidate came fifth in the interviewing process. The city also failed to submit certain documents to the investigators that were related to the recruitment process. “My office was not furnished with minutes of the interview panel by CoJ, despite a request a request for same. “Notably missing from the appointment recommendation report was the following: details of the advertisement; the minutes of the shortlisting meeting.