This year has been a good year for Mzansi celebs as many many of them have babies on the way. From actresses to television presenters here are some of the local celebrities who have announced that they have babies on the way and they have been sharing beautiful snaps of their growing baby bumps. 1. Zenande Mfenyane Actress Zenande Mfenyane has had everyone's tongues wagging with her pregnancy shoots. The actress who plays Goodness in Mzansi Magic telenovela The Queen has also shared cute details of her pregnancy such as that she is expecting a baby girl.  Your stuffed toys are keeping your @tommeetippeeza Sleepee Moses Basket warm while we await your arrival, and while we wait we’re playing broken telephone, hopefully you’ll get the message that I love you so much my Ballerina ???????? #TommeeTippee #Ad A post shared by  Zenande Mfenyana ???? (@zenandemfenyana) on May 31, 2020 at 9:13am PDT  2. Pearl Modiadie The television presenter also has a growing bun in her oven, but according to the media personality's public relations team she is not ready to go public about the details of the pregnancy. My sanity during the lockdown... ?? What’s been yours? Tune in to the award-winning Lunch with Thomas and Pearl , Monday - Friday 12-3pm on @metrofmsa ?? A post shared by  P E A R L ?? M O D I A D I E (@pearlmodiadie) on Apr 28, 2020 at 12:01am PDT  "She's appreciative of the well wishes already coming through but has decided to embrace this moment privately with her partner, family and very close friends for now," the public relations team revealed. 3. Warren and Kgaugelo Masemola The talented actor announced their pregnancy in May when he shared a snap of their sonar scan which he captioned it and said:  "For this child I prayed and the lord has granted the desires of my heart. 1 Samuel 1:27." “for this child I prayed and the lord has granted the desires of my heart” 1 Samuel 1:27 A post shared by  Warren Masemola (@warrenmasemola) on May 7, 2020 at 11:24pm PDT  4. Asavela Mngqithi The Isibaya actress debuted her baby bump five weeks back when the show's cast returned to set She said this is the best thing she has ever done, although she revealed that she has had fears of going back to set pregnant. "Taking you to set was kinda scary but with all the risk assessments the team @bomb_productions put in place, I feel confident and happy to introduce you to the world. " The best thing I’ve ever done , I can’t wait to meet you. Taking you to set was kinda scary but with all the risk assessments the team @bomb_productions put in place,I feel confident and happy to introduce you to the world. I’m going to call you umfihlo lol because of the level of secrecy that we share. Thank you @zwabheka for the continuous support you have given US???? To all the mothers( new + pregnant) out there stay safe , healthy and strong in these difficult times?????? A post shared by  Asavela Mngqithi ???? (@asavela__m) on May 6, 2020 at 6:19am PDT 