FEARS of Zimbabwe losing their Indian-born cricket coach owing to the coronavirus lockdown have been allayed after the mentor pledged to honour his contract. By his assurance, coach Lalchand Rajput has put to bed speculation he could be eyeing a fresh opportunity elsewhere, away from the unstable side. The 58-year-old former batsman has been holed up in his hometown of Bombay since the outbreak of the global pandemic, which now has India as one of the most affected countries. Rajput said he would honour his contract that lapses next year. “I am contracted with the Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC) board until September 2021. I have no intention to leave before that. I have a contractual obligation and I abide by that,” he assured. Last week’s announcement by the Board of Control of Cricket in India (BCCI) that the national team would no longer tour Zimbabwe in July added fuel to the rumours Rajput was quitting the volatile Southern African team. BCCI’s decision to cancel the much anticipated tour is the latest in a series of Covid-19 back-pedalling global sports. Darlington Majonga, the ZC Media and Communications Manager, said apart from hopes of retaining their coach, the organisation remained confident of hosting Afghanistan in July and August. The tour by the Middle East team is subject to the approval of government, which has imposed a lockdown to curb the spread of the Covid-19. The Chevrons, as Zimbabwe’s elite cricket team is known, started supervised training in provinces yesterday after undergoing Covid-19 tests that all returned negative. Zimbabwe thus needs Rajput, to lead preparations for the tour of Afghanistan. “ZC is making plans to have him back in Harare as soon as possible so that he can take charge,” Majonga said. It has been an unstable past few years for Zimbabwean cricket. The International Cricket Council late last year suspended ZC over electoral malpractices and financial turbulence. The team’s performances on the field have also been uninspiring. -CAJ News