Parents were furious after their 13-year-old children
were told to plan their own funeral. This was in a religious studies homework which also included picking
out flowers and a coffin. The homework was given to pupils of St Paul's Catholic
School in Leicester, England during lockdown. The pupils were given a form where they had to make
choices for their funeral and give reasons why, including picking their
favourite music or hymn and choosing flowers for a memorial. They also had to decide whether they would be buried or
cremated and pick their own coffin, The Sun reported. The assignment asked: 'Where would you like your body to
be buried? Your ashes scattered?' Other questions asked the children who they would invite
and what kind of clothing would they want guests to wear.  Concerned mother Gemma Marston posted a picture of the
homework on Facebook and said: 'Anyone else feel that getting them to plan
their own funeral is a bit too much? Or am I being over the top?' Parents responded to Gemma saying they would be 'livid'
if their child received this assignment. One person said: 'Yes kids needs to start understanding
death but at least discuss this with the parents first! And homework? Does that
imply a lesson was as taught on this?' Other parents felt 13-year-olds were too young to be
given this type of assignment, particularly during the coronavirus pandemic,
when many families have had loved ones die. Tabby Mcgailey said: 'This is disgusting especially
seeing as we are in a pandemic and 1,000s are dying.' One Facebook user said: 'Especially at a time like this
50,000 people have died, not to mention the children have been stuck in at
home.' A teacher also responded to the post, saying: 'I wouldn't
do this. Some children can be very susceptible to ideas about death and
funerals. 'You don't always know if one of your pupils has had a
recent loss and this sort of thing can be very triggering for pupils.' The school have since contacted Ms Marston and
apologised, saying that the homework had been sent out 'in error'.