Is there
any question you have been dying to ask EFF leader Julius Malema?...if yes, then
the moment is here? The EFF leader has opened himself to be cross-questioned by journalists and the public on anything, from VBS, On Point to the collapse of Limpopo province. This after SABC journalist Samkele Maseko asked the NPA questions
about him and the EFF during an interview. Malema said Maseko asked about him even though the NPA
never mentioned him or the EFF during the interview. As a result the EFF leader has decided to invite Maseko
and five other journalists of his choice for an interrogation session at the
EFF headquarters on Thursday at 12 noon. Malema added that upon the advice of his son, who
insisted that if journalist Pauli van Wyk is not amongst these 5 journalists, “it
will look like I have something to hide.” “I have spoken
with EFF and requested that Paul ivan Wyk must also be allowed to form part of
this public interrogation session of myself on anything,” he said. According to Malema, the five journalists are 702’s Eusebius
Mckaiser, Tshidi Madia from News 24, EWN’s group Editor in Chief Mahlatse
Mahlase and Aldrin Sampear from Power FM. He said that the interrogation session will public and live on all EFF platforms and the public will also be allowed to ask questions. Thread on the Collapse of Limpopo, NPA & VBS: 1. Following the Press Conference held by NPA, SABC journalist @samkelemaseko asked about investigations regarding me and or the EFF in relation to VBS. This is even though there was no mention of myself or the EFF by NPA — Julius Sello Malema (@Julius_S_Malema) June 24, 2020 2: As a result, I challenged @samkelemaseko to gather 5 journalists from different media houses he trusts for a public interrogation session with myself. These journalists can ask whatever question they wish, from VBS, bank statements, On Point, and so called collapse of Limpopo. 3: Upon advice of my son, who insisted that if @PaulivW is not amongst these 5 journalists, it will look like I have something to hide. I have spoken with EFF and requested that @PaulivW must also be allowed to form part of this public interrogation session of myself on anything! 4: : I have been advices by @samkelemaseko that the 5 journalists which include @PaulivW have been arranged. The public interrogation will therefore take place under the following details;Date: 25 June 2020(Thursday)Time: 12h00 Midday Venue: EFF HQ, Johannesburg  5: the EFF, through our Spokesperson @vuyanipambo will liaise with all journalists and make necessary arrangements in line with Covid-19 regulations. The session will also be publicly broadcasted in all our online platforms and will take questions from the public at some point.        