HIGHLANDS Park coach Owen Da Gama says he sympathises with his friend and colleague Gavin Hunt, who is sending out CV’s searching for a new job. The Bidvest Wits coach is on the hunt after the Clever Boys’ Premiership status was sold to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and will be relocated to Limpopo. Da Gama said the sale of Wits made him relive his own horrors of Silver Stars when the Limpopo-based side sold their status to Platinum Stars back in 2007. Da Gama left Dikwena after six matches when the club relocated to the North West. Da Gama said confusion reigned everywhere when his former club was sold as the players relocated with Dikwena to Phokeng, Rustenburg as a result of that purchase. The new owners, led by chairman Mosala Mulaudzi, have confirmed they won’t keep Hunt in his coaching position next season due to his salary scale. Hunt himself has already started to search for a new home. Da Gama, who phoned him to share his own experience of a club selling their status to another, wished him well in his quest to find a new job. “It’s a very difficult situation for Gavin and the players,” said the Highlands Park mentor whose club is also not safe from being sold. “I understand the situation very well, and I know that it’s not easy on the players and the coach.” The former Orlando Pirates coach said it makes no difference whether the club should have sold their status now or wait until end of the season. “One can say that they could have waited until end of the season, but at the end of the day it’s always better to announce it early so that players and technical staff can be able to make their plans, basically nothing can prepare the team for this,” said Da Gama. The modest coach is also looking forward to returning to training, and said he is tired of on-line training. “It’s been three months doing on-line technical work. We all want the real thing now where all the players gather in the same place and get to work. We also sympathise with all the people affected by Covid-19. “Football is important, but people’s lives matter more than the game,” added Da Gama.