THE Mzansi boxing community has applauded Boxing South Africa’s (BSA) decision to approach the provinces to relax their criteria for the government’s relief fund to accommodate their deserving licensees. After the majority of their licensees fell out of the national sport relief fund application criteria bracket, the local boxing body decided to intervene. Only 55 applicants from the boxing sector were approved and have received their payments. Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa recently announced a relief fund to assist athletes and artists who can’t work and are struggling financially during the nationwide lockdown due to the outbreak of coronavirus. Boxing SA board has noticed that the provincial criteria is a repeat of the national criteria and as a result their deserving licensees will miss out once more. They decided to engage the affected provinces with a view to negotiate a different approach in dealing with applications from the professional boxing sector. The move by BSA has been well received across the boxing spectrum. The boxers who qualified for relief fund were those who were billed for cancelled tournaments of which were sanctioned by Boxing SA. Basically the criteria wants the evidence that athletes were confirmed to participate on an event that has been cancelled or postponed due to Covid-19. The BSA board wants provinces to note the following: Eastern Cape boxing promoter Thando Zonke said boxing is going to be the winner with this action from BSA. “This is a good initiative by Boxing SA,” said Zonke. “We have been hoping for that to happen. The majority of boxers were left out in the cold by the national sport relief fund application criteria. Most of them depend solely on fight purses for an income.” Well respected boxing matchmaker Abbey Mnisi, who has received a grant from Mthethwa’s relief fund said he is happy with the approach. “It is a good thing that everybody will get the money because some trainers ended up taking 25% from the money boxers received which is wrong,” said Mnisi. BSA has encouraged boxers, trainers and managers to apply for the relief fund in their respective provinces.