ANELA Mbelekana’s family is demanding answers from cops regarding his mysterious death. The 23-year-old’s decomposing body was found in the bushes by a shepherd. According to cops, his hands and feet were bound, partly burnt and he also looked like he was strangled. Anela’s mum, Vuyiswa, (60) from Govan Mbeki kasi in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape, said on 23 May, she saw her son enter the house through the window. “He was so terrified and said the community was chasing him and accusing him of stealing someone’s cellphone. A group of men carrying weapons then stormed into my house and said they were here to take my son because he has a firearm he uses to rob the community.” Luckily KwaDwesi cops arrived. “I also showed his room outside where they found a toy gun, which they showed to residents. “But the residents got angry and said it was not the firearm he used for his robberies,” she said. “I asked the police to arrest him so he can be safe. But they said they had no case against him.” Vuyiswa said she then begged the cops to take her son to her parents’ house in Zwide, and they agreed. But when Vuyiswa called her family, Anela allegedly never got to Zwide. She sent her kids to KwaDwesi cop shop to look for Anela. Her daughter Asanda said: “An officer advised us to check for him at other police stations and St Albans Prison. We searched for him all over but didn’t find him.” Anela’s father Mbulelo (69) said: “My son was naughty, but he did not deserve to die like this.” Police spokesman Captain Andre Beetge said officers could not arrest Anela for the toy gun, but took him to KwaDwesi for further interview. “Nobody could give any evidence the toy gun was the ‘firearm’ used to rob residents, and thus Anela could not be charged. The members were going to take him to Zwide after attending to another complaint. “But Anele didn’t wish to wait for their return to the station and said he’ll go to Zwide by himself. He then left on his own accord and didn’t wait for the vehicle to return.”