PUPILS are expected to return to school next Monday. But recent statistics of pupils and teachers testing positive for Covid-19 have many parents worried. On Saturday, the Department of Basic Education released statistics on positive cases at schools across the country, showing that 523 pupils and 1 169 staff members have tested positive for the coronavirus. The department said 775 schools across South Africa were affected. “Schools have been temporarily closed and reopened around the country in the past three weeks to allow affected areas to be disinfected,” said the department. It said schools, just like clinics, police stations, shops, mines and other frequently-visited places, had found themselves also having to close and reopen. “This is in response to infections identified during the screening process, in line with health protocols on how to treat an environment with possible contamination.” The department urged schools to strictly follow health protocols to manage the virus. It called on schools to ensure pupils and workers were screened using the Department of Health Covid-19 procedures and questionnaire. The department said schools should ensure pupils and employees were informed on the correct use of cloth masks and that a risk assessment was conducted to identify employees needing protective equipment. Parent Thandi Masilela (33) was concerned about pupils in lower grades. “My daughter is in grade 1. She’ll not wear a mask all the time. She might even swap masks with friends and will not wash her hands all the time without supervision,” she said. She said reopening schools was risky. “The numbers of those who tested positive are high already. What will happen when all pupils are back in school? This is a bomb waiting to explode,” she said. Another parent, Itumeleng Xikwambana (37), said she would not take her kids to school. “They will repeat grades. It’s hard to make sure they abide by regulations,” she said. “They want to play with friends and don’t wash hands unless told to do so. A teacher with 50 pupils won’t manage.”