AN Mpumalanga father accused of raping his 20-month-old baby
previously exposed the child to pornographic material. This was revealed by the 34-year-old mother yesterday
(Wednesday). She told Daily Sun early this year she suspected the father
was sexually abusing her daughter. She said he previously ordered her to leave the child behind
while she went to work. “When I came back from work, one of the girls who lives
around told me they heard my baby cry. The girl told me she tried to push the
door to investigate what was happening, but the father chased her away. “I didn’t take it seriously because I never thought he would
do something like this,” she said. She said she noticed when she was bathing her. She said her baby cried and didn’t want her mum to touch her
on her private parts. She said the father once pretended to be sleeping, allegedly
put in a pornographic video, switched off the volume and tried to penetrate her
daughter. She said she woke up and asked him what he was doing but, he
pretended to be peeing. “I was amazed because there was no urine in the bucket. I
asked him several times, but he denied it,” she said. She said after a few days, he found him holding a plank. “He was hitting my baby forcing her to open her legs while
the pornographic movie was playing. He placed his hands on my baby’s mouth
trying to stop her from screaming. “His trousers were already down while his 4-5 was on my
baby’s thighs,” she said. “It hurts me a lot that the person who did this is the same
person who was supposed to be protecting her. I wish justice can take its
cause.” The father (35) appeared before the KaBokweni Magistrates
Court on Wednesday and was remanded in custody until 2 July. Mpumalanga police spokesman, Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said
the police were concerned with rape incidents involving biological parents. “We are investigating strange cases where parents are
alleged to be raping their own children. We need men who will behave well and
look after their children,” he said