"It's a really good ball. It's Tshabalala! Goal Bafana Bafana. Goal for South Africa. Goal for all of Africa. Jabulela, rejoice... Bafana Bafana have popped the first cork," these were the words uttered by commentator Peter Drury when Siphiwe Tshabalala scored the opening goal of the 2010 Soccer World Cup at FNB Stadium when Bafana Bafana took on Mexico. Drury's words would echo throughout the last decade with great joy even if South Africa were the first host nation to be knocked out of the group stages of the global showpiece.Now 10 years on, the 53-year-old remains one of the finest voices in world football, commentating regularly on Premier League and Champions League matches.During the European summer, he usually spends time with his family unless an international football tournament is set to take place where his voice is needed and wanted the most by the broadcasting world and fans-alike.However, due to the coronavirus pandemic, all football across the world immediately stopped mid-March forcing Drury to self-isolate with his family in England.In a rare interview with famous South African broadcaster, Robert Marawa, Drury expresses much joy from covering the 2010 world cup, calling Tshabalala his "hero" and stating that the opening match at Soccer City remains his "favourite" fixture he has got to commentate on.MUST READ | 2010: South Africa's longest, best-ever party"He's my favourite player. He's my hero, I know we’ve had this conversation before on your radio show," said Drury."Honestly, this is not some kind of false modesty but whatever I said that day, forget it. That whole day was emblematic of how sport should be."That was an idyllic day before a ball was even kicked."That a guy (Tshabalala) from humble beginnings from Soweto should score that goal for the world said everything you needed to know what sport could do."And to look around that stadium and yeah probably it is idealised in my head now, but you know the way black and white (people) was together was so, so important for football, for sport and for the world."It is what I would think South Africa would have wanted for that occasion."If the world cup had stopped then, it almost would have ticked the boxes because it had proved that we are capable of doing this together and smiling together."People say what's your favourite game. That is my favourite game." WATCH THE INTERVIEW BELOW:  