BRIGADIER Thulani Douglas Shabalala has fallen out of favour with KZN police. And his gatvol colleagues want the former bodyguard of Police Minister, General Bheki Cele gONE BY YESTERDAY! Serious about getting rid of Shabalala, more than 100 police officers in the province signed a petition to separate him from his cushy post as head of KZN Protection and Security Services (PSS). The formal complaint was handed over to Cele, National Commissioner General Khehla Sithole, Divisional Commissioner Lieutenant-General S Shitlabane, KZN premier Sihle Zikalala, KZN MEC of Security and Safety Bheki Ntuli and union representatives. They want him removed within 14 days. The men in blue accused the head honcho of being a law unto himself, claiming he was being shielded by the minister. Shabalala was appointed by Cele in 2011. But he skipped six ranks, jumping from being a warrant officer to brigadier in a single leap. He’s responsible for VIP protection and the safeguarding of strategic installations. It was reported at the time his appointment was “solely on consideration of his vast experience”. But those who want him gone said he was a problem. They claimed Shabalala abused his power and victimised and intimidated colleagues. The complaint reads, in part: “We demand that he is removed with immediate effect. We are tired of his bad leadership. He has dismally failed as a PSS KZN provincial head . . . ” Insisted a police official, who spoke on condition of anonymity: “He openly tells us he has the minister’s protection and therefore untouchable. “At first, we didn’t take this seriously, but we’ve come to realise he’s right, he’s become a law unto himself and nothing can be done. “We’ve written grievances upon grievances against him but everyone, including the national and divisional commissioner, aren’t doing a thing. “For example, we wrote grievances about his abuse of power and nothing was done. There’s nothing we haven’t done to address these issues. “The national office is aware of them but no one is prepared to discipline him because of his relationship with the minister.” In October, Shabalala’s wife opened a case of attempted murder against him. According to media reports, an argument with his wife “led to a physical struggle in which she was shot in the arm. This led to him handing himself over to the Phoenix Police Station”. Shabalala was charged criminally and internally, but the case was closed abruptly, an insider claimed. Commented another informant: “I wasn’t surprised by the shooting incident. I was surprised that he used a state gun to shoot his wife..“The state gun should have been taken away from him a long time ago.” “As far as I know, he’s not even fit to handle a firearm. I know this because he hasn’t been to the shooting range in years. Claimed another mole: “Cele is also tired of Thulani, but there’s nothing much he can do.” Police ministry spokesperson Themba Lirandzu confirmed the “letter has been received, however such complaints are dealt with by SAPS management”. When asked to comment, Shabalala directed queries to Brigadier Vish Naidoo. Said Naidoo: “We’ve taken note of the issues raised in your query. But Such matters are dealt with internally and I’m not at liberty to make any public comments on such matters.” Public Servants Association’s national manager, Claude Naiker, said: “We received a formal complaint and escalated the matter to the national commissioner. We asked him to respond within 14 days, otherwise we shall escalate the matter to the SSSBC. We are also very much aware of the bullying, harassment and victimization of the members by Brigadier Shabalala.” IPID spokesperson Ndileka Cola said the attempted murder case against Thulani was referred to the NPA with recommendations. The National negotiator of the SA Police Union Lesiba Thobekgale had promised to respond but failed to do so. Attempts to get hold of him were unsuccessful as his phone was off.