"Rome
is burning and the state parties ought not to be allowed to fiddle unsupervised
[and] while only accounting to themselves." This is
what former DA leader and founder of the One South Africa (OSA) movement Mmusi
Maimane told the Constitutional Court this week in court papers, arguing
against the reopening of schools. In an
urgent application to the apex court, Maimane's OSA is challenging the
government's decision to reopen schools. He highlighted poor infrastructure,
school overcrowding, staff shortages, sanitation and public transport as the
motivation behind his application. Maimane
told the court that Minister of Basic Education Angie Motshekga did not give a
plan as to how these schools would be capacitated to open. He also argued that
the minister did not inform the country how other learners, who are schooling
under trees, tents and dilapidated buildings, will be catered for. "Overcrowding
is a norm in schools located in townships and villages. The minister did not
inform us how those schools will be made ready. As a result of poor
infrastructure, the department will not be able to protect the equipment that
will be delivered to schools for combating Covid-19. "The
logistical challenges of delivering masks, which must be changed daily, far
exceed the efficient distribution of textbooks once a year, which the
government has historically failed to achieve," he wrote in the 40-page
affidavit. Motshekga
postponed the phased reopening of schools from June 1 to June 8 after
consultation with stakeholders. Unions,
parents and student governing bodies have raised concerns over the readiness of
schools to reopen. Reports
have also emerged that some schools have not received personal protective
equipment. "The
minister’s statement is evidence that the reopening of schools is not primarily
targeted at combating Covid-19 but at saving the academic year at any human
cost or price. Our approach is that, much as the academic year must be saved,
if possible, it is more important to save lives - even, if need be, at the
expense of the academic year." Challenging
the government's obligation to human life, Maimane lambasted the state for
failing in its "constitutional" and "legal" duty to consult
with organisations to ensure meaningful public participation. Once the
country reaches Level 2, two-thirds of the student population will be allowed
back. He added
that an unconsidered and rushed reopening of schools poses a risk to life,
especially when it is scheduled to coincide with the general reopening of the economy
- from Level 4 to Level 3. "The
minister’s statement is evidence that the reopening of schools is not primarily
targeted at combating Covid-19 but at saving the academic year at any human
cost or price. Our approach is that, much as the academic year must be saved,
if possible, it is more important to save lives - even, if need be, at the
expense of the academic year." It is
unclear when the state is expected to respond to Maimane's application. SOURCE:
NEWS24 