THE possible sale of Bidvest Wits has dealt a major career blow to highly rated coach Gavin Hunt, who might find himself searching for a new club next season. And Hunt’s loss could be Highlands Park coach Owen Da Gama’s gain, if the rumour mill is anything to be believed. SunSport understands that Wits’ sale transaction is already at an advanced stage, with Limpopo businessman Mosala Mulaudzi ready to take ownership of the oldest club in the Absa Premiership. Mulaudzi confirmed to having sold his GladAfrica Championship club Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) for R10 million and put up a deposit for a Premiership club, which in this case is strongly believed to be Wits, for R20m. But SunSport understands more paperwork has been concluded, and the deal is now in the hands of the PSL executive committee, who will meet virtually on 25 June. Hunt told SunSport yesterday that he was in the dark about the details of the rumoured sale of the club, but said it was sad that Mzansi’s oldest club could be sold, and moved to Limpopo. “Look, I can’t comment or say anything about what is happening to the club. It’s not my place but that of Alan Fainman (Wits chairman),” Hunt said. “If that is the case then we will have to move on and be unemployed. It’s sad! Nothing has been discussed with us. We just read about it everywhere. Let’s hope we will finally be told something.” Fainman told SunSport last week that he couldn’t comment on speculations, though they have had a number of interested buyers, “but no offer to purchase was officially put on the table”. A source close to developments said Mulaudzi, when all is confirmed by the league, would prefer to snatch Da Gama from Highlands Park. However, Da Gama said he knows nothing about that, saying it was a bad joke. “I am Highlands coach and happy with everything here. We are building. I think that might be a joke. I think people are just taking everything serious, including jokes,” said Da Gama. SunSport’s efforts to solicit comment from Mulaudzi were unsuccessful as he failed to respond to numerous calls, as well as messages. “The deal is done,” said our source. “Now it’s up to the PSL to approve the deal as both parties have agreed. All Mulaudzi is waiting for now is to make an announcement after the PSL approval. Hunt knows about this and some of his senior players. “From my understanding, Wits are now in negotiations with players who are still contracted on a long term.” Wits are now clearing the house with players like their captain Thulani Hlatshwayo, Deon Hotto, Gift Motupa and Phathutshedzo Nange rumoured to be en route to Mamelodi Sundowns. There is also Thabang Monare and Sifiso Hlanti set for Orlando Pirates. Other players will also be released to clubs of their choice. Basically, other PSL clubs are now doing window shopping at Wits.