WHEN the league action finally resumes, amid the NSL COVID-19 Health and Safety Directive, all 32 member clubs are expected to strictly comply with the safety protocols – or face punishment. Failure to comply will result in a walkover in favour of the team that has complied. This is among stipulations suggested in the Safa-PSL task team document in order for football to resume safely in Mzansi. The PSL are hard pressed to finish the current season due to sponsors’ obligations. But there were reports over the weekend suggesting that Safa and the PSL could be headed for a collision course with regards to the date of the resumption of the league programme. SunSport has seen the 47-page document that looked to have covered all the dangers posed by COVID-19. Now, both parties are looking at where the 32-team camp will take place, but the Health Department advised Safa and the PSL that games cannot be played in cities considered to be hotspots. Previously, SunSport confirmed that Polokwane and Rustenburg were front runners to split the 32-team camp as they have less COVID-19 infetions. Durban, Cape Town and Gauteng were ruled out as they are risky. According to the document, games will be played in 2-3 days behind closed doors. But with both games played so closely to each other, the document states they are aware of the increased risk of injuries. This prescription came about after the JLC (Safa and the PSL standing committee) met on 12 May at Safa House to form a joint task team to investigate how football can restart. It then consulted some of the PSL club doctors, including that of Kaizer Chiefs Dr Mohammed Moosajee, Carl Tabane of Mamelodi Sundowns, former Bafana Bafana and Moroka Swallows team doctor Ephraim Nematswerani and other doctors in SA sports. The aim was to critically get a broader picture and find common understanding of the current COVID-19 situation. They took some medical protocols implemented in the Germany’s Bundesliga, but the challenge the PSL is facing is that, South Africa has entered its winter which sees an increase of infection cases. The number of infections in Europe is decreasing as they have entered the summer. The document says, after serious consideration of players’ livelihood, the doctors understood and agreed to critically engage the NSL of match day protocols to finish the season. It has urged clubs to educate players and staff regarding the COVID-19 protocols. Failure to adhere to these match-day protocols by member club, will be deemed as misconduct.