UNIVERSITY of Pretoria’s acting director of sport Toby Sutcliffe hopes athletics and other sporting codes at Mzansi’s leading sports institution will be up and running this week. Tuks Sport has started to send out documents to various national sporting federations in the country, as part of its plans to help athletes return to training. Tuks is a big institution with Olympic Games sporting codes like hockey, rowing, swimming, football, athletics, gymnastics and squash, among others. Big-name athletes Akani Simbine, Simon Magakwe, Sokwakhana Zazini, Henricho Bruintjies and Wenda Nel are dying to get back to the track and field for training. Sutcliffe has been locked in meetings with management, to set the agenda to open the High Performance Centre at the University. “We’ve been working day and night, putting together documents for all the sporting federations and plans to get back in training for our athletes. “We’re a big institution with a lot of sporting codes, and should comply with the rules and regulations of COVID-19. “We’ve written a 16-page document to swimming SA, golf and Athletics South Africa (ASA) and, as soon as they give us an indication, we will start with the whole process,” said an optimistic Sutcliffe. “We’re also hoping athletics will be up and running by next week. “We’ve already submitted the document to ASA and are waiting to hear from them to give us the green light for our athletes to start training at the Centre.” Sutcliffe also explained that there’s a lot that still needs to be addressed after Minister of Sports, Arts and Culture Nathi Mthethwa said sport can resume in the Government Gazette last week. “All athletes from all the sporting codes should be tested for COVID-19, facilities, equipment, and stadiums should be sanitised and athletes should be screened everyday.” Sutcliff added that as soon as the confusion of how and when athletes can start training again, Tuks will be ready to welcome them back. “It’s not just about snapping your finger and getting ready. We submitted documents and now we await approval,” he said.