WHAT can a big global event like the Fifa World Cup be without volunteers? The simple answer is: nothing. When Mzansi hosted the showpiece in 2010, there was an oversupply of these willing volunteers. Like in other World Cup events before ours, the volunteers were drawn from all over the world. I was fortunate to be part of the Local Organising Committee as a marketing co-ordinator for Tshwane, and had the privilege to work with some of the most amazing volunteers available. My then colleagues Simon Sebapu and Nelson Belebesi, who were the volunteers co-ordinators, knew how to pick them from the thousands of applications. It is also important to note right from the beginning that people who apply to be volunteers are not just loafers, or bored youth who don’t know what to do with their time. These are professional people and credible students who are doing it for the love of football. In our case, everyone from this country had a good patriotic reason to be part of this history and to ensure the success of the tournament, as there was a lot of doubt from the day we were granted the rights to host it. It was heart-warming to see doctors, lawyers and accountants abandon their busy and lucrative practices to volunteer their time to ensure that naysayers ate humble pie. Other professionals and public servants took leave from work to volunteer their skills. Entrepreneurs risked it all and spent hours that they could have used to chase after the next deal to be with us in the cold, putting up signs and cleaning the stadium seats. In my marketing team, I had a fantastic mix of university students and young professionals from all over the country, as well as from other parts of the world. I’ve since been in touch with most of them and it’s fulfilling to see most of them grow in their careers. Those who were students like Dineo Lehlomela, Mohale Malatji, and Gundo Tshimetshe have since graduated and are responsible citizens of this country. Like in any other situation, there were also light moments when some of the naughty volunteers would help themselves to the Budweisers in the storerooms, only to be given away by broad smiles and loud discussions later in the day. We worked hard and equally partied very hard. Fun was had.