 THE GOGO looked at the face in the coffin and immediately knew it was not her grandson. The family were forced to make an arrangement with the undertaker, and drove 400 kilometres to a central point. THEN THEY MET AT A FILLING STATION AND SWAPPED THE BODIES! When Mkhululi Gwanyanya (38) stood at the graveside to watch his disabled son, Inam Gwanyanya (18),being buried, he imagined it was the end of a painful tragedy that had taken a long time to happen. But the tragedy was a long way from ending. His son was admitted to hospital in Atteridgeville, Tshwane, because of a high temperature where, according to Mkhululi, the boy died of starvation as the family couldn’t feed him. For the funeral they drove to Mount Frere in the Eastern Cape to bury the boy. But then the gogo saw that the boy in the coffin had long hair. “My grandson had short, neat hair,” she said. The gogo said they knew a dreadful mistake had happened. While Mkhululi was dialling the number of the Ntshabeleng Funeral Home, he received a call from the parlour to tell him that the body they had travelled with from Gauteng was wrong. “When I was about to call the undertaker, they called and told me that the body was not ours,” he said. He said the reason they didn’t check the body before they left Gauteng was because the parlour told them bodies were not supposed to be viewed because of Covid-19 rules. “I told them that the elders won’t allow that. We can take the body but at the end, the old people will want to see who is in the coffin.”  Mkhululi said his sister-in-law saw the body, but from a distance, and was convinced by the clothes they had taken to the parlour. “She didn’t want to get closer because of the virus. She was scared.” Mkhululi, standing at the graveside, pleaded with the undertaker to bring the right body, but they refused and offered to meet them halfway. He said they drove 400km from Mount Frere to a garage on the N3 between Joburg and Durban, where they exchanged the bodies. Mkhululi captured the video of the body exchange. In the video, the man from the undertaker tells Mkhululi they want to rush to exchange the body without the other family knowing what happened. “Chief, if we can quickly rush there while it’s dark, we’re going to get another coffin before they see us.” Inam was eventually buried the next day on 12 June. Windy Ntshabeleng of Ntshabeleng Funeral Home told Daily Sun they had two dead children about the same age. “They were both dressed. The family came and spent about an hour here. They viewed the child,” said Windy. “They said the child was theirs and took him to the Eastern Cape.” He said the family of the other child alerted him about the wrong body. Windy said Mkhululi’s family only realised the body was wrong after he called them. “How can they take the wrong body? We label the body, but we rely on the physical identification by the family. If they say it’s their child, we can’t say otherwise.” Windy said the body may be released only when positively identified. He said to avoid the same mistake happening again, they needed family members who were not afraid of bodies to help with the identification. He said the worst mix-ups in the industry were when they have to exhume the body. “If we were late by just one day, then we were going to have to do the exhumation process, which takes weeks,” said Windy.