WITH the new sheriff in town, senior SuperSport United player Clayton Daniels has embraced the appointment of goalkeeper Ronwen Williams to take the armband. This after Dean Furman left the club and headed back to Europe. Daniels said he is willing to help Williams win the players’ trust. “As one of the senior players I will always be there...,” Daniels said in an interview with his club’s official website. “He knows I always have his back, even though he plays behind my back, Trust is important in any relationship, so I think everyone trusts him with that responsibility. “He can only bring out more qualities he has. “Yes, we come a long way and we’re good friends, also besides the brotherhood we have on the field. Firstly, he is more than capable to lead the team. “The past three to four years he showed his maturity, and it showed in his game becoming number one also at Bafana Bafana level. “I’m happy for him. He deserves it more than anyone. He’s been with the club since he was 13 years. What does it take and what must one do to win your teammates over as a captain? “It’s the right time for him to lead.” Daniels described Williams as a player they can count on, one that always rise to the occasion. “He has a soft personality but when called upon, he has everything a leader needs,” www.sufc.co.za continued to quote Daniels. “He thinks before he speaks and when he speaks, everyone listens. I’m happy he’s my new captain. I have been the captain of the team before, and I have been captain at all the teams I have played for. “Over the years, I have learnt that you have to lead by example on and off the field, and your performance will lift the team, and your professionalism will make you win the trust of the players and I’ve seen that in Ronwen.” The duo have played for Bafana together, and Daniels said Williams was at first shy to show that he’s capable. “He was in a mindset that he is number two or three in the goalkeeping department because of Itumeleng Khune. But as soon as he got his break in the national colours, he took it with both hands and made that number one jersey his,” added Daniels.