TWO Free State paramedics tested positive for Covid-19 and now their colleagues fear for their lives. The paramedics from Ladybrand have now downed tools. They said the department hasn’t sanitised their workplace and ambulances. The paramedics said when calls come in they are attended by medics from Thaba Nchu and Ficksburg, which are 75 kilometres and 69 kilometres apart, respectively. A paramedic told Daily Sun: “Two of our colleagues tested positive for Covid-19 and we started getting worried. The management didn’t show any interest in helping us and we realised they probably don’t care about our lives. We are the people in the front line and our lives are vulnerable. All we see are those in high offices getting more protection than any of us in the field.” The paramedics said they wouldn’t respond to any calls until the department started taking them seriously. “Paramedics’ lives matter and if we get infected, we will infect innocent patients we attend to. We have parked the ambulances,” said another paramedic. Free State health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said: “We can confirm that two of our officials at the EMS station in Ladybrand have been confirmed to be Covid-19 positive. “The two officials got tested separately at different sites. One was in Gauteng and got tested while attending an interview on 1 June, and the second one was tested on 7 June at Mediclinic Hoogland as a prerequisite for admission for a moderate procedure.” He said it was unfortunate there were people who were taking advantage of Covid-19 to spread false rumours and portray the department as an uncaring employer. “We’re handling every situation according to Covid-19 protocols. We do understand there will be anxieties as and when people get directly affected, but we appeal for calm and management of each situation in accordance with the scientific principles on offer. “It’s not true that we had a tools down but our 32 officials are in self-quarantine after they had close contact with the two officials who tested positive but remained asymptomatic, which means they did not show signs of Covid-19. The ambulance service is running and supported by staff from Ficksburg, Clocolan and Thaba Nchu.”