TAXI boss Sifiso “Vila” Vilakazi says the government’s restriction of not allowing 100% passengers inside taxis is costing him lots of money. The former Bidvest Wits, AmaZulu and Ajax Cape Town midfielder, owns a fleet if taxis in Kempton Park and Mpumalanga. But since the outbreak of the Covid-19 global pandemic, taxis are not allowed to take a load of more than 70% during their trips. Vila (40) started his taxi venture in 2009 under the umbrella of the Kempton Park Taxi Association and he has never looked back since. “Money is no longer the same though, it’s different when you have a full load,” said Vilakazi, who retired in 2014. He won trophies with Wits and Ajax during his time as a footballer. “Life is hard after football, but I’m now into this taxi thing and I never fear for my life. It’s like I was born into the taxi business. “I respect my workers and passengers. I’m just a humble village boy from Mpumalanga,” explained Vilakazi. He scored two goals for Wits in the Nedbank Cup final when the Clever Boys defeated AmaZulu 3-0 during the re-opening of the FNB Stadium in 2010. He walked away with the Man-of-the-Match award in that final 10 years ago at the venue that hosted the opening and final games of the 2010 Fifa World Cup. The modest taxi boss also lifted the Telkom Knockout title with Ajax in 2008. Vilakazi is also part of Off-Pitch-Goal, a TV show and initiative that aims to help players to invest their football income, produced by Football Conversations. Vilakazi, who played in the Masters League in Tembisa on Sundays before lockdown, has been divorced, but says that he takes care of his children. “I won’t say how many kids I have. I’m divorced but I take care of all of my children,” he laughs. Vilakazi shares his first name and surname with Mamelodi Sundowns star Sibusiso Vilakazi, but the pair are not related. He says footballers should start to invest their money while they are still playing and not wait until they hang up their boots. “Today’s footballers earn big money, it’s their time and they deserve it. But they must plan today to avoid being caught in a struggle tomorrow. “My advice is simply ‘think ahead and don’t allow fame to get to you’,” said Vilakazi.