PREMIER SOCCER LEAGUE (PSL) clubs are busy preparing to get back to training. They have already started with their plans to sanitise and clean their facilities in order to comply with government regulations. Following the Minister of Sports, Arts, and Culture Nathi Mthethwa’s big announcement, that sports activity can resume, the 32 teams in the league, are just waiting for the PSL to make an announcement of when they can return to the field. Mthethwa gave sports federations the green light on Friday. The minister has published a letter in the Government Gazette to announce that sports can now resume in the country again. Under the Disaster Management Act of 2002, football is now allowed to return. The PSL must appoint a compliance officer and submit their safety and regulations plans of how they intend to return to action. The league must also provide the details of match venues, travel guides, and training facilities to comply with the government’s requirements of returning to action. The deadline for submitting the proposal is 26 June. This means the PSL have two weeks to submit their action plan to the government of how they intend to return to action. “All the footballers, officials, and teams must undergo tests for COVID-19 and chronic medical conditions as part of the regulations." SuperSport United CEO, Stan Matthews, said the news were like music to their ears. “We will consult this week and issue an update. The players, especially, are looking forward to going back to training properly with teammates. So, hopefully, that will be soon, and they can be match ready in a few weeks,” said Matthews. Bidvest Wits coach, Gavin Hunt, said the announcement was long overdue and that all he wants is to play. “It was long coming, but we have to wait for the PSL to give us a directive. We just need a kickoff date from the PSL so that we can train towards something. I just want to play,” said, Hunt. Highlands Park shareholder Sinky Mnisi also expressed his excitement following the minister’s announcement. “We are happy with the news and we will wait for the PSL to give us a directive. We are happy that the announcement has happened, and we are prepared to comply with the rules and regulations,” he said.