KZN artists are spitting fire after the eThekwini Municipality's online TV station called PRC was closed on Monday without notice. They have now given the municipality three working days to give them answers, before they take further steps. The municipality has blamed the closure on internal issue. According to the artists, this station was their only source of income during the Covid-19 lockdown period. They said when they didn't receive the Covid-19 relief funds promised to them by Minister of Art and Culture Nathi Mthethwa, they were told the station would continue to run to boost them during the lockdown. The station started broadcasting in mid April and it has boosted many artists and sport stars. On Wednesday afternoon artists under the Cultural and Creative Industry Federation of South Africa, led by its KZN chairman and kwaito star Tzozo Zulu, demanded a meeting with the mayor and other municipal officials in Durban. Tzozo told Daily Sun they had met with municipal officials to get clarity. “Our artist went to the studio to perform on Monday but the studio was locked without notice. They have until Monday to give us good answers or we take other further steps. On Tuesday we protested outside the mayor’s office in Durban City Hall demanding answers. That was step number one. The municipality can’t just stop a platform that boosts artists because we can’t work anywhere because of this lockdown,” he said. Tzozo said that in KZN there were only two or three artists they he knows of who have received money from the relief fund. “We heard that Minister Nathi Mthethwa allocated R150 million to the relief fund. We have a big problem about the criteria used for the relief fund. When we apply we are asked for Sars tax clearance certificates and many of us can’t get it because it is lockdown,” he said. Mayor Mxolisi Kaunda told Daily Sun he meet with artists and gave them reasons that he could not give it to the media. “The online TV is not cancelled but it has been suspended. All artists who have performed during this live streaming will be paid and we will attend to internal issues that resulted in the suspension of the live streaming. Once we are done, we will communicate our next course of action,” he said. 