By definition, being romantic is conducive to or characterised by the expression of love. Simply put, being romantic is one's ability to express love. This act is not only limited to sexual acts, but it also speaks to other gestures one can do "sweep their partners off their feet". Men, who are normally at the center of this conversation, are constantly being judged by their level of romance. With biblical evidence that men were made to love their women, it certainly makes sense that romantically the buck starts with them. With men competing for women's affection globally, we take a look at the top 5 most romantic nationalities in the world:  The country that is deemed to be constantly under God' watch because of the Jesus statue located in the capital, it is no wonder that God created the most attractive and sexiest human beings on earth in this samba nation, then intentionally distributed most of them in this country. Brazilian men take their emotions seriously and they often translate them in sensual samba moves.  The country that has a national language called, “la langue de l’amour,” or the language of love. This country is also famous for a certain French kiss. French men are known to be very affectionate and showy about their appreciation.  Although they’ve got quite a temper, you’ll still find them endearing and irresistible.  The country that might ultimately have produced the greatest footballer of all time in Lionel Messi, Argentina is part of the South American continent where men are more passionate and fiery. They consider themselves more capable of wooing the female population than any other group of men could.  The country that is home of the bullfighters, tomato festivals, and endless paellas. The majority of the population’s religion is Roman Catholic. So when a Spanish man falls in love with you, you’re guaranteed that there’s no other woman involved. They believe in monogamous relationships and "til death do us part".  If your'e looking for some Arab love, then look no further than these nation. This Arab country that has openly welcomed modernisation has men that are known to be very generous with gifts of jewellery, chocolate, and other material things just to show affection. So if your'e looking for someone to splurge you with gifts, than look no further than a Lebanese guy.  