RELAXED travel restrictions could mark the beginning of a new journey for two of Mzansi’s former world champions Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni and Thulani “Tulz Revolution” Mbenge. The pair has embarked on a redemption course to return to the top once more and ultimately get a title shot. Ndongeni and Mbenge, who held International Boxing Organisation (IBO) lightweight and welterweight respectively, are looking at America to relaunch their international careers. But the travel restrictions due toCOVID-19 could deliver a low blow to their plans. Their trainer and manager Sean Smith confirmed that there are fight opportunities lined-up for his charges in the US. According the mentor, he is in talks with an international agent Scott Patrick Farrell for the two pugilists to be featured in one of Top Rank events. “As you know it is difficult for these fighters to be billed at home, so I’ve been in talks with my colleagues abroad to get fights that side. There are one or two potential fights abroad but nothing concrete yet. But the future looks bright,” said Smith. “Let’s wait and see what will come out of those negotiations, provided we’re cleared to travel. Our boxers are ready to resume training and we’re awaiting Boxing South Africa to come for inspection.” Meanwhile, that the consideration is under way for professional boxing to be allowed to return training under level 3, boxing gyms should remain closed until compliance inspection of each gym completed by Boxing SA. “We need to be ready when the opportunity in America comes, we will jump to it. At that level there is no easy fight and on Top Rank shows we will have the highest competition,” he said. An excited Nomeva viewed the opportunity as a great chance to re-launch his boxing career and probably move towards championship bout. He expected to make his third trip to America to part of Bob Arum’s Top Rank event in Las Vegas on 16 July. Nomeva will be the supporting act of the unification championship bout between the WBA and IBF champion Naoya Inoue and WBO titlist John Riel Casimero. The mouth-watering fight was supposed to take place in April but postponed due to coronavirus outbreak. “Yes, there is a possibility of me fighting in US again with yet to be name opponent but with all the travel restrictions due to covid-19, it will depend on us being allowed to travel to America,” said Nomeva.