WHILE she must have been defending her women’s Comrades Marathon title on Sunday, Gerda Steyn will be participating at a fun race some 12 000 kilometres from the site of her last year’s victory. Men’s defending champion, Edward Mothibi, will participate in a similar run some 700km away. This as reality gradually sinks in that they will not be defending their respective titles after the cancellation of the 94km race run between Durban and Pietermaritzburg yearly from 1921. It has been run every year since then with the exception of a break during World War II that lasted from 1939 to 1945. With a new form of a world war in the form of the coronavirus this year, the 2020 edition of the Ultimate Human Race has been cancelled. Organisers of the Comrades, who initially were adamant the marathon would proceed despite the virus threat, have instead arranged the so-called “Race The Comrades Legends” virtual race on Sunday. Steyn will participate in the 21km virtual race from Dubai, the United Arab Emirates capital. She will, alongside a small group of friends, run along her favourite route around The Greens, which is close to the Arabian Gulf. “I will run at my Comrades pace but it will definitely be a social run rather than anything else,” Steyn said ahead of the virtual race. She won last year’s Comrades with a record-breaking 5 hours 58 minutes and 53 seconds. Steyn conceded the feeling of the virtual race will not be the same to the famed marathon. “The Comrades is all about its rich history and it will certainly not be the same without the stories of the legends of this great race. “It was really only after winning last year’s Comrades that I realized how big these people who came before us have made this race special in every way,” she said. While Steyn will run at her Comrades 2019 pace, it will not be feasible for Mothibi to maintain a similar pace that won him his inaugural title in 5:31:33 last year. “I have not been training properly with the lockdown regulations, so I will enjoy a casual run at a leisurely pace. “I am already missing Comrades this year, as are so many of our Nedbank Running Club members,” he said. Mothibi will run the virtual race almost certainly in Platinum Village in Rustenburg, North West. The Comrades Marathon Association disclosed that the virtual race has attracted about 20 000 participants. This includes winners and recreational runners. – CAJ News.