MAMELODI Sundowns Ladies goalkeeper Andile “Sticks” Dlamini has dedicated their Safa National Women’s League title to the supporters, and says “it’s sad that we can’t celebrate with them”. Sundowns Ladies were officially crowned the inaugural champions of the new Women’s League, after the association declared the season over due to the coronavirus pandemic – with just one match remaining. The dominant Brazilians managed to go the entire season unbeaten, winning all 21 of their matches to finish the season with a whopping 63 points, 11 clear of second placed Tshwane University of Technology (TUT). Dlamini believes this would not have been possible without their passionate supporters who spurred them on in every match. “We dedicate this title to our supporters who were with us every step of the way, they deserve it,” said the Banyana Banyana stopper. “It’s just sad that we can’t celebrate this and share this amazing moment with them because of the coronavirus, but hopefully we will get that chance once the dust settles. “There were times where the team was struggling on the pitch and our supporters’ energy and passion got us over the line. We are grateful for that. “They really rallied behind the team. Honestly, we have never ever seen so much support from them and we really appreciate it from the bottom of our hearts. “This also goes to show how much women’s football has grown in the country because we never used to have any supporters at our matches.” Dlamini also heaped plenty of praise on Sundowns Ladies coach Jerry Tshabalala and his technical team, who ensured they were ready to swat opponents aside every week. She described the mentor as a demanding coach who pushes each player to the fullest of their ability, hence he was able to get best out of his charges. “Coach Jerry, shouts a lot,” Dlamini shared. “But that’s only because he wants to get the best out of us. We get worried when he doesn’t shout because that means he is not himself. “He really pushed us this season. He made it a point to prepare us thoroughly physically and mentally. “He made us work so hard, harder than we have ever had to work before and the results showed. It’s not easy to win all your games, playing to the best of your ability in every match. “We look forward to defending our title next season, although we know it’s not going to be an easy feat, I believe we can do it.”