 The link between gender-based violence (GBV) and HIV/Aids
is usually rooted in the power imbalance between men and women. This was one of the findings of research conducted by
Goitseone Leburu, whose master’s and doctoral studies, both from the North-West
University (NWU), revolved around different aspects of GBV. Her master’s study, completed in 2015, explored the
interconnectedness of GBV and HIV/Aids, and how the two social problems
manifest, intersect and affect the lives of many women. That study investigated the experiences of 30 women from
registered non-governmental organisations that assist GBV victims and people
living with HIV/Aids. Goitseone’s research found that the power relations in
these women’s past intimate relationships was extremely unequal. Most women
stated that they were much younger than their partners and unemployed, which made
them economically dependent. When it came to women who earned an income, the study
found that a number of them surrendered their decision-making power due to
cultural pressure. “The apparent cultural allegiance for the participants
came at a price. Their culture silenced the discussions on topics involving
sex, sexuality, GBV, the negotiation of condom use, the practice of safe sex
and HIV/Aids,” Goitseone says. The study further revealed that all participants,
together with other women in their communities, experienced various forms of
abuse within their intimate relations but especially sexual violence. She adds
that, consequently, women prefer to suffer in silence than expose their
households’ “dirty violence linen in public”. According to Goitseone, sexual violence against women
manifests in various communities and within families in the high prevalence of
HIV/Aids. She also found that alcohol abuse is a major contributing factor to the
spread of HIV/Aids and GBV. Having established a link between GBV and HIV/Aids,
Goitseone went on to do her PhD at the NWU, focusing on how victims can be
empowered. Her research was titled “Evaluating social work services within the
Victim Empowerment Programme in addressing gender-based violence in North West
Province”. With 7,7 million people living with HIV in South Africa,
and South African women being five times more likely to be killed by their
intimate partner than women in other countries, the implications of these two
interconnected social problems are enormous, highlighting the necessity for
research such as Goitseone’s. *Goitseone Leburu was supposed to be graduating in May
2020 with a PhD but due to the lockdown the graduations were postponed.