FORMER Orlando Pirates winger Sifiso Myeni is not shocked that he has lost his job. Myeni was among eight players released by GladAfrica Championship side TS Sporting on Tuesday due to financial constraint as a result of the nationwide lockdown. Myeni joined Sporting in January after being released by PSL outfit Bidvest Wits at the end of last season. The 31-year-old said Sporting general manager, Vusi Ntimane, broke the sad news about the termination of his contract. “The general manager told me they can’t afford to pay my salary going forward,” explained Myeni. “I was not surprised considering what we are facing (lockdown) as a country, and this was bound to happen. The club is going through financial difficulties at the moment and I knew there will be job losses since the season has stopped. But they paid me well and we never had salary issues.” Myeni says the extended season would have made it difficult as his contract would have expired. He added: “I understand what they did because my contract also expire in June. Even if they decide to keep me, the league might finish in July with my contract lapsed in June, so it won’t work.” Myeni says that he added value to the team by helping them move away from the relegation zone. Sporting occupy 13th spot on the Championship table with 24 points from 23 matches and are six points ahead of bottom club Royal Eagles. “I thank management for giving me the opportunity to play again. The team was not doing well when I arrived and we won games, reached the Nedbank Cup quarter-finals. “I am proud that I added my experience in the team. “It’s just a setback that I could not finish the season with them. I wish them all the best in the remaining games and I would not want to see them going down.” At 31, Myeni says he still has a lot to offer in the top flight before the ball stops rolling. “I am still capable of playing and I love football,” he vows. “There are players my age, others older than me who are still doing well in the PSL. Coach Kenny Ndlazi made me aware that South Africa has a norm that when players reach 30 they are regarded as old. “Surprise Moriri won PSL Player of the Season (2005-6 season) when he was way over 30. Other players reach their peak at that age. “Siphiwe Tshabalala) and Yeye (Reneilwe Letsholonyane) are still playing.”