GAUTENG MEC for Sports, Arts and Culture Mbali Hlophe has made R28 million available as a Covid-19 relief fund for athletes and artists in the province. The pandemic has left many athletes vulnerable and without any source of income, and as the leading province, Gauteng is taking lead in lending support. Hlophe has acknowledged the impact the lockdown has on sectors, but noted the artists and athletes were among the most hit the hardest. “The relief fund the department is giving out of R28 million and we’ve indicated we want to be able to pay individuals an amount of R1 000 per month until the end of the year, ” Hlophe told the media in a video conference yesterday. “The national government has already allocated R150m for relief. But the fund is geared towards individuals you could say they fell through the cracks, the coaches who work in communities, the artists... people you could characterise as ‘hustlers’. They work in informal sector, are unregistered but play a central part to the mandate of the department. “You’d know that the national government is giving R350 to the unemployment. These two funds must speak to each other. We are going to keep the data of the beneficiaries to avoid double dipping.” Hlophe also received food parcels from the private sector corporations and various from foundations, the Kaizer Motaung Jnr, Zodwa Khoza, Steyn City, Soft free, JIM International and MultiChoice Group and from the youngest contributor, Prince ”Supermash” Mashawana. Hlophe also added she wants the funds to reach the needy as soon as possible. But most importantly, she emphasised the need for transparency. Said Hlophe: “We want as many people to apply through our corridors, our corridors being our regional offices. Because we are looking for people who run community activists, our corridors will assist those without access to internet. We want this to be as transparent as possible. “These are government funds and we want to be able to account for them. “We can’t delay the people’s plight. We must be embarked on the process as soon as possible so we can give people relief. “The pandemic has hit the globe by storm and we haven’t been spared.” The department has appointed an adjudication panel to ensure a proper split of the funds.