FORMER Orlando Pirates striker Lyle Foster’s star continues to rise as he looks to make his mark in Europe with Belgian outfit Cercle Bruges. The 19-year-old, who is on loan from League 1 giants Monaco, is making huge strides in European football and has been nominated for the 2020 Golden Boy Award. Foster, the only South African on the list, is seen to be among the best 100 young players under the age of 21 playing in Europe’s top tier leagues. The youngster from Soweto is alongside players such as Ansu Fati of Barcelona, Bayern Munich’s Alphonso Davies and Arsenal duo Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka among others. The Golden Boy award was established in 2003 by Italian publication Tuttosport, and is given to the best young player based in Europe’s top tier leagues. The award’s previous winners list proves that it is a good way to tell if a player has a bright future ahead of them as seen with some of the past winners. Players such as Rafael van der Vaart, Wayne Rooney, Lionel Messi, Cesc Fabregas, Sergio Aguero, Paul Pogba, Raheem Sterling, Kylian Mbappe and Matheus de Ligt have all won the award. Foster will be encouraged by his inclusion in only his first full season in Europe which has seen him play 19 matches and scoring one goal for Cercle Bruges. Foster started the current campaign with his parent club Monaco, where he featured in two League 1 matches, an experience he cherishes because of playing alongside some of the established names in world football. “I have learnt to win. When you are surrounded by winner all you want to do is win,” Foster previously told SunSport. “Cesc (Fabregas) for example spoke to me quite a lot. He is like a brother to me. He has given me advice and told me how he’s been through it all.” Foster will be hoping that he has done enough to impress Monaco coach Roberto Moreno during his time in Belgian as he approaches the end of his loan spell. The SA Under-23 marksman is eager to return to Ligue 1 football with the club next term.