THREE men aged between 27 and 29 were shot and killed at at Pitela reserve at Umbumbulu South of Durban. Tuckshop owner Sabelo Xaba 27 and his friends Sandile Gumede, 29, Xolani Ndlovu 29 died on the scene while Sanele Luthuli (31) was rushed to Prince Mshiyeni hospital seriously injured. The four were on their way back on Sabelo's car when they were attacked on Umbumbulu road. Residents living alongside the road said they heard several gunshots and looked out. One of the residents said he saw the car behind the deceased's car shooting at the occupants and the deceased's car veered off the road. He said he ran to his house because he was scared that the men might shoot at him as well. Sakhe Xaba who is a brother to one of the deceased Sabelo Xaba said he got a call from neighbours who asked him to rush to the road because his brother has been shot. He said people told him that there was a car that was following the deceased that opened fire on them. He said his brother had gone to order goods for his tuckshop and don't know why he and his friends would be killed in this manner. "We are still shocked by this. These are local boys and young. They are not in drugs so we are confused who killed them and why," said Xaba. He said the incident happened around 2 pm and pistol and high calibre firearms were used because different cartridges were found on the scene. Former KZN health MEC Sibongiseni Dlomo who is from the area expressed his shock. Dlomo who is now chairman of national health portfolio committee in parliament said he was home less than a kilometre from the scene and he was informed about the shooting. He said he rushed to scene and found three men already dead but one was rushed to hospital with an ambulance. He called for calm and families to give police an opportunity to deal with matter.  When Daily Sun arrived at the scene scores of people were there some comforting grieving family members. The incident also brought traffic to a standstill. The road is the only one linking Pietermaritzburg and Amanzimtoti on the south of Durban. Police were still on the scene where the SunTeam left. Cops spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele said she was unable to confirm as she was still trying to get hold of the members on the scene.