AN unemployed woman from Khayelitsha, who looks after her elderly dad, is accusing a nursing home of withholding his pension grant money. Walter Bantom (69) was staying at Ikhaya Loxolo in Gugulethu, Cape Town, for four years until his daughter Cikizwa (32) fetched him on 26 of March before lockdown. Since then, she has tried unsuccessfully to get her father’s grant money. “When I asked for the Sassa card, they said it is non-existent. They said Sassa directly deposits money into the nursing home’s bank account,”she said. After spending three months without getting a cent of her father’s grant money, the nursing home deposited R211 into her accounty two weeks ago. “He was supposed to get at least R2 230. We are not demanding money for all three months, which my father has been staying at home. We want the June grant, not a mere R211. Why are they doing that to a vulnerable old man? It’s unacceptable!” said Cikizwa. Western Cape Sassa spokeswoman Shivani Wahab said the matter is between the family and the home. “SASSA can only advise the aggrieved family that should they fail to obtain the SASSA card of Mr Bantom, they can approach their local Post Office branch and request to be issued with a new card. The card that is in the possession of the institution will then be deemed null and void. The SASSA grant amount is debited directly to the banking account of the client,” Wahab said. The acting manager of the facility, Nandi Dlamini, said money for all residents was deposited directly into the home’s account. She said the R211 they gave to the family was the amount that was due to them as they had returned the June grant to Sassa. “We returned the June grant to Sassa because the client is no longer with us. It’s unlawful on our part to forward it to them. They have to go to Sassa and fix the matter and ensure the money will not come to the home’s account going forward,” she said. Cikizwa said she went to the nearest Sassa offices in Khayelitsha where she was told her they hadn’t received any money from the home. “They told me to go and open a case at the police station,” she said.