THE past 12 months will go down as the worst for veteran goalkeeper Patrick Tignyemb. In these months, the Cameroonian has seen two stints with as many clubs ending in acrimonious fashion. In June last year, Tignyemb saw his 12-year stay at Bloemfontein Celtic come to an end in a bitter way. He was then signed by Chippa United in July, however, his stint which was set to come to an end in June 2022, was cut short by the arrival of new coach Norman Mapeza. Tignyemb hit the ground running and was made captain of the club. However, the arrival of Mapeza in October saw him demoted and he played second fiddle to Veli Mothwa. The veteran goalkeeper has now opened up about his short stay in Port Elizabeth with Chippa claiming that Mapeza, who is also no longer with the team, is the one who sent him packing. “I had no problem with coach Mapeza,” Tignyemb said. “There was this day we had a meeting as a team and I asked the coach why is he making goalkeepers run like onfield players, and that is where things turned to be sour, apparently he did not like that question. I asked because every player was complaining in the team.” Tignyemb continued: “I have a lot of respect for him (Mapeza). After I asked that he told the chairman that I am not part of his plans. That he can’t work with me. “He wanted to bring another goalkeeper from his country (Zimbabwe). That is why he was angry with me. That was a bit funny to me, it was like I’m not in a level of playing in the PSL while I have been here for 13 years.” Currently, Tignyemb is at home in Bloemfontein without a club. He said that in his almost 14 years playing in South Africa, he does not have any regrets. He added: “Right now I am enjoying time with my family, not panicking about anything. God will provide. “After all these years playing here (SA) I do not regret anything, instead I have memories that I will cherish for the rest of my life.” Mapeza is also no longer with Chippa. He resigned in March, meaning the club are now with their fourth coach (Rhulani Mokwena) for this season. Clinton Larsen started the campaign and was replaced by caretaker Duran Francis in September, who was replaced in early October by Mapeza, who has also left the club.