ACTRESS Thuso Mbedu has opened up about her insecurities. The talented actress, took to Instagram and shared a picture of herself that was taken three years ago and said that was the first time she felt pretty in her skin/complexion. “I came across this picture that was taken three years ago and the first thought that struck me was this was the first time I felt pretty in my skin/complexion. “It wasn’t even about the makeup because, as you can see, we went a little left with that. I just absolutely loved the brown of my skin that day. “For the first time, I, too, could be perceived as pretty ‘despite’ how dark I was. I have always been awkward and stiff and self-conscious in front of a still camera (and still am today) but after seeing that picture it was not as bad so this one image will always hold a special place in my heart,” she said. ALSO READ: BEING FRIENDLY WITH YOUR EX! The Emmy-nominated actress further recalled a time when she asked her sister that did she ever notice while they were growing up she was the only one who got compliments. “Did you notice that when we were growing up you were always told how beautiful you are? We were never told. “She hadn’t noticed. (not her fault) 26 years is a long time to stop being awkward in your own skin just because you turned out a little darker than your sibling and so I hope that my younger followers will learn to love their own shade right now,” she said. SEE FULL POST BELOW: So I have spent all morning thinking about whether I will post this old picture or not. It’s not even about the actual image but more about the story behind it… so here goes. I was actually looking for a file and, for the life of me, I could not remember where I had saved it, so I had to go through all my archives to try find it (I didn’t). But while looking I came across this picture that was taken three years ago and the first thought that struck me was “This was the first time I felt pretty in my skin/complexion”. That was the thought and then I thought “oh snap. That’s deep. And sad. That’s deeply sad.” And then I thought “No ways was this picture taken 3 years ago because that would’ve made me a very fresh and young-looking 25-going-on-26-year old” but alas, upon further investigation I found that, yes, I was that fresh and young-looking. It wasn’t even about the makeup because, as you can see, we went a little left with that. I just absolutely loved the brown of my skin that day. For the first time, I, too, could be perceived as pretty ‘despite’ how dark I was. I have always been awkward and stiff and self-conscious in front of a still camera (and still am today) but after seeing that picture it was not as bad so this one image will always hold a special place in my heart. I remember the first time I asked my sister this question “Did you notice that when we were growing up you were always told how beautiful you are? We were never told.” She hadn’t noticed. (not her fault) 26 years is a long time to stop being awkward in your own skin just because you turned out a little darker than your sibling and so I hope that my younger followers will learn to love their own shade right now. My niece is the same skin tone as me and so I make it a point to tell her how beautiful she is every day and not because I am making up for anything but because she is beautiful. I mean, have you seen my niece? Suka emabhozeni! Nawe umuhle. You’re absolutely beautiful. Don't let their silence convince you otherwise.???? Now let me go find that file!?? A post shared by  Thuso Mbedu (@thuso.mbedu) on Jun 21, 2020 at 4:54am PDT  