AN array of potential sponsors are apparently lining up to take over from banking giant, Absa. The two parties parted ways after 13 years. The PSL yesterday confirmed what has been an open secret that the bank is ending their sponsorship of the Premiership dating back to 2007. Officials sitting in important offices suggests MTN and Nedbank have expressed interest in upgrading their partnership with the PSL by grabbing hold of the flagship Premiership. Nedbank just cancelled their talent scouting campaign, which was important for the development of football in the country. The move is seen as clearing the way for the bigger league. MTN are currently running the top eight tournament, and landing the PSL sponsorship deal could grow their brand further – for a whole nine months, instead of two months of MTN8. “It’s just sketchy and the league is playing their cards very close to their chest. “But I have heard that the two companies are interested, though not sure about the bidding processes,” our mole said. Efforts to get comment from both MTN and Nedbank drew a blank. But surely, Absa pulling out will affect the league finances badly, which could see the club’s R2,5 million monthly grants, R15m winners’ prize money, affected. PSL chairman, Irvin Khoza, said the Absa Premiership era will forever be a reference point for football glory, “both in terms of club development and player performance in our sports history”. “The PSL is grateful to Absa for strengthening the league to true professionalism,” said Khoza in a statement yesterday. “Memory is a prized component for football followers around the world. The period of 2007 to 2020 will forever be etched in the memories of football fans as a high point in the PSL.” Daniel Mminele, chief executive of Absa Group, said they would still explore alternative options to continue their relationship with the PSL. “We have enjoyed a long, fruitful relationship with the PSL and have supported the PSL’s work in South African football and sports development,” said Mminele. “While we will no longer be the anchor sponsor for the PSL, soccer will always remain close to our hearts.” This season, Absa will be forced to stretch their sponsorship beyond the normal nine-month period due to the delay caused by Covid-19. lockdown.