IT looks like flashy Mpumalanga multimillionaire Sam “Mshengu” Chabalala has thrown in the towel. This after a video circulated on social media yesterday of 10 of his trucks lined up in a place believed to be an auction centre in Midrand, Joburg. Chabalala, whose real name is believed to be Gilbert Tachuona from Zimbabwe, disappeared a few days after he was granted R500 000 bail by the Middelburg Magistrates Court in February. This after the founder of Sam Holdings was rearrested on 13 February on an additional charge of corruption. This was after he tried to bribe a senior cop to release his impounded Mercedes-Benz X-Class. He allegedly paid R50 000 as a down payment, and a further R70 000 for the release of his vehicle and for the docket to disappear. When he was arrested, he was still out on R200 000 bail on charges of fraud, corruption and possession of an unlicensed firearm. Chabalala left a suicide note claiming he was going to throw himself off the Crocodile River in Pongola, and no one knows of his whereabouts. In the alleged note, he said he was not worried about the court cases against him, but an incident where he was almost killed at his house in Bethal. Sources known to Daily Sun revealed the Hawks were working on linking Chabalala with the murder case of Sam Holdings group manager, Nkosinathi Ngcongco. Ngcongco was shot eight times while he was on duty. When the People’s Paper contacted the company where the trucks were parked, a source known to the paper said the trucks were placed at the company’s site last month after Mercedes-Benz repossessed them. “Mercedes-Benz gave them to the company. “The company will auction them and it doesn’t have any deals with the owner,” said the source. The source said the trucks will be up for auction anytime soon. Hawks spokesman Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi said they were still working with the NPA to trace Chabalala. “Investigations have not stopped. A lot has been done in terms of allocating the suspect, however we cannot reveal more details,” he said.