THERE is hope, more than ever, that the Absa Premiership could return to action next month as envisaged. The lifting of the ban on contact sport training by government, has been seen as a major step towards the return of both the Premiership and GladAfrica Championship football. The PSL has already written to clubs informing them to appoint compliance officers, who have to ensure that clubs meet the obligations as set out in the health minister’s guidelines on lockdown. In his address to the nation on Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa has given the go-ahead of contact sports for training, as gazetted last week. But the president was clear that for contact sport, training “will be allowed only for training and modified activities with restricted use of facilities”. Acting PSL chief executive officer Mato Madlala, in a letter to the clubs, said “screening and testing of players and support staff must take place in accordance with the minister’s direction”. “Records and a register must be kept and archived for at least six months, including details of all players and/or staff who participate in training, including full names, residential address, telephone number and contact details of the person or person living in the same residence as the person attending training,” said Madlala. The league has earmarked next month for return to action as they aim to complete the current season. They have adopted the Joint Liaison Committee (JLC) report, which states that football can only restart under specific conditions as prescribed by the protocol. The JLC, made up of members of both the PSL and Safa, has helped the two organisations come up with a single position as requested by Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa. Mthethwa had asked the sports federations to detail what health and safety measures they would be putting in place to ensure athletes and support staff are at minimal risk of getting infected, when the ban on training gets lifted. The PSL might find themselves running against time due to Fifa’s deadline on the conclusion of leagues around the world. Leagues across the world have been advised to wrap up their respective seasons by end of July, and news of a return to training couldn’t have come at the better time for the PSL. The latest green light gives real hope that they can proceed with plans to ensure that the remaining eight league rounds, as well as the Nedbank Cup competition, are concluded.