THE big hungry PSL vultures are ready to pounce on the talent at Bidvest Wits whose immediate future looks bleak. Talks over the sale of the university side with potential buyers are said to be nearing a conclusion. As it is, Mamelodi Sundowns have already snapped up the trio of Cole Alexander, Thulani Hlatshwayo and Deon Hotto. The Brazilians are also looking to finalise a deal with Gift Motupa, who has been on their radar for a while. Motupa has never hidden his interest in joining the Tshwane giants. But the demands for his services have been beyond what is considered reasonable for a player of his quality, as Wits priced him out of the market. Their rivals Orlando Pirates are believed to be eyeing Thabang Monare and Sifiso Hlanti, while Buhle Mkhwanazi may find a new home at SuperSport United. But it appears the Brazilians have wasted no time in snapping up the experienced trio at a bargain price. According to a source, the Students have come under pressure to sell their prized assets, mostly the high-profile players. The sale will preclude them from cashing in on any player once it goes through. “It’s more like a ‘voetstoot’,” said a source. “The new buyers are getting every property of the club. So this means the sellers might not get anything for the players, some of which have a great market value. You will see many players joining other clubs and not necessarily remaining with Wits, once the sale has been concluded.” Hlatshwayo has been a long time target for the Buccaneers, having been linked with the Soweto giants in the last two transfer windows. But those hoping to see him in the Pirates jersey better not hold their breath. The least they can hope for is Monare, who is one of the high-profile players exiting the Clever Boys. There is also talk Hlanti might end up at Pirates, with the smaller clubs likely to balk at his huge salary demands. Striker Terrence Dzukamanja is not short of suitors. Granwald Scott could return closer to home, with either Stellenbosch FC or Ajax Cape Town said to be his possible destination.