RHULANI Mokwena is set for crunch talks with Orlando Pirates over his future. Mokwena finds himself without a title after he returned from a brief loan spell at Chippa United, the Port Elizabeth-based club having decided against extending his stay. He guided the Chilli Boys in only one match, a goalless draw against Bidvest Wits, before the league was suspended due to the Covid-19 pandemic. But now he has to ponder his next move, with his contract ending this season. Mokwena has no place on Josef Zinnbauer’s bench, having admitted he can’t be in the same environment as the incumbent Bucs coach. “He will sit with management and explain his plans for the remainder of his contract,” said a source. “But it’s unlikely he will stay beyond this season. He has said himself he can’t fit into the current coaching set-up and that means there’ll be no duty for him to perform in the senior team, which is he initially signed up for. “It’ a difficult situation because currently there is no football being played. “The Chippa job was a great opportunity for him. There is talk he is looking at other offers.” Mokwena was elevated to the Bucs hot seat shortly after Milutin Sredojevic resigned in August last year. He battled to move the team forward, despite the hard work he put in. The arrival of Zinnbauer, however, relegated him back to the assistant post, a position he held briefly before joining Chippa on loan. It appears he didn’t make too many new friends at Chippa with his management style. He allegedly demanded that the salaries of players, who didn’t attend training, should be cut, in spite of a directive from the club for players not to train due to health concerns. But SunSport understands it was his demand of a three-year contract beyond this season that did not sit well with the Chilli Boys. Mokwena may have received recognition as a assistant coach, both at Mamelodi Sundowns and Pirates. But the Covid-19 outbreak has robbed him of a chance to prove his credentials as a head coach with an apprenticeship at a lower team.