“I don’t think South Africans realise the pain and the journey of losing half of yourself and think it’s a joke,” those are some of the powerful word that were said by former Generations actress Sophie Lichaba when she first opened up about her fight against diabetes. The talented actress, who has been subjected to a lot of cyber bullying, has opened up about some of the difficulties of having to live with an underlying chronic disease during the Covid-19 period. ALSO READ: BULLIED RAPHAEL FINDS SAFE SPACE! Speaking to Daily Sun, Sophie said: “Living with a chronic disease such as diabetes in such a period is technical and you need to be super careful because you have to be strict with your family and remind them to constantly sanitise. “When I meet people and converse with them I make sure that I keep my distance because I am most vulnerable to the virus because our immune system is low,” she said. To protect herself the actress said: “You need to have a strict diet and a lot of vitamin C in your diet, although I was recommended that I should get a supplements, I prefer having natural way. “So I buy a lot of fresh foods that are vitamin-based such as oranges, guavas. especially the ones that do not have a lot of sugar and a person with diabetes is allowed to eat,” she said. READ MORE: CANDY'S JUST GETTING STARTED The Lockdown actress told the People’s Paper that people should stop being arrogant and continue to protect themselves even though we have gone to lower levels of the lockdown. “We do understand that level 3 is good because we can all go out and hustle for ourselves, but we still need to protect ourselves and follow regulations. People should remember that their lives are more important than any hustle. “People should remember that anything that you do that will compromise your life is not worth it, even if it’s your job," she said. The talented actress told the SunTeam that people can expect to see her a lot on TV and she also has a growing pharmaceutical company. “I am currently part of a show called Family Secrets but we have taken a production break due to Covid-19. “Although my events planning business is currently on a standstill, I am working on something exciting with two other ladies. I have started a pharmaceutical company about a month ago, we are delivering products in close-by African countries,” she said.