Hitting the right notes. Music possess some of the greatest powers in the world. If you ask many musical composers and producers, they will tell you that music is created to speak one universal language. We've heard many stories of people waking up from long-induced comas because of music. How many times has music changed your mood and allowed you to do the impossible? Music has a great track record of changing the world with great melodies and powerful lyrics. So how does music and sex come together? Is there a distinct link between the two? Apart from both enabling one to make amazing sounds, how do the two sync together? According to neuro-psychologist Dr Rhonda Freeman, music is likely to affect three regions of the brain. The reward or pleasure system, the social affiliation or bonding system, and the limbic system (which processes emotions). When triggered, the reward system, for example, involves dopamine and endogenous opioids. Dr Freeman further explains that "dopamine is a neurotransmitter linked with desire, wanting, craving, motivation, or anticipation of someone or something which in this instance, of our intimate partner. And endogenous opioids are the hedonic response, which includes pleasure and enjoyment". These two neurotransmitter acts as a beautifully mixed cocktail of half desire and half enjoyment. "Those systems not only allow the pleasurable experience of sex to be amplified with music, but they also allow music to deepen your connection with your partner while subduing negative emotions," the doctor adds. According to a study done by Sonos, the smart speaker and sound system company, 67%  of couples that listen to music out loud together report having more sex than couples who don't listen to music together. The reason is that when you listen to music out loud, your neurons (nerve cells that transmit information throughout the body) begin operating at the same rate as your partner's, which releases oxytocin (the love hormone). Oxytocin is also responsible for feelings of trust so, naturally, things become more intimate between you and your partner when there's music on in the bedroom. So the next time your partner wants to turn the music up during sex, allow the music to take control of you and who knows, you might end up having "Wild Thoughts" like DJ Khaled's song title.