GAVIN Hunt may find himself out in the cold as Bidvest Wits close shop. The Wits coach’s future has been thrown into doubt after the university side sealed the deal with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) owners over for the sale of their Premier Soccer League status. The development means the club will be relocating to Limpopo in the new season, pending ratification of the deal of the PSL executive committee. The new owners will not be retaining Hunt as head coach, citing huge salary demands. SunSport understands Hunt is also not keen on a move to Venda. But when quizzed on the latest developments, Hunt would not be drawn entirely on the matter “at the moment.” However, he expressed his disappointment, pointing to the future of the players, the staff and everyone affected by the sale. “I’m too disappointed. I don’t want to make a statement at the moment,” said Hunt. “It’s sad. There’s a lot at stake... the people’s livelihood and all that. “This is the oldest club in the league. Clubs in the world change ownership, Manchester United, Newcastle United, but they stay in the community.” TTM CEO Sello Chokoe has been quoted as saying they won’t be able to afford Hunt and won’t be retaining the current staff members because they have people who are currently working for TTM. With four Coach of the Season titles, among many other accolades, it is unlikely the four-time league championship winner will be short of suitors. As one of the prominent local coaches, Hunt has achieved notable success in the last decade, having proven his credentials as coach of Seven Stars, Hellenic, Black Leopards, Moroka Swallows, SuperSport United and currently Wits. TTM have already layed out plans for the new season, starting with the new change from Wits. They have confirmed they will be sharing the Thohoyandou Stadium with residents, Leopards. It is still unclear which players will be relocating with the club as some have already been linked with moves elsewhere. Top of the list is skipper Thulani Hlatshwayo, Deon Hotto, Sifiso Hlanti, Cole Alexander and Thabang Monare.