Sassa in Mpumalanga has so far paid 32751 people for the special Covid-19 social relief grant. Mpumalanga Social Development MEC Thandi Shongwe said Sassa in the process has identified and eliminated duplicate applications. "The reason for the rejection is that some applications had some form of income or recipients of social grants. All the applications were validated against the Department of Home Affairs, and the NSFAS database. Furthermore, they were validated against whether the applicants were on the government payroll or receiving benefits from the unemployment fund," said Shongwe. Shongwe said the agency avoided rushing the process to avoid possible double payments and paying people that are already employed and have an income. "This was also done to prevent double-dipping. All approved applicants who were requested to provide Sassa with their banking details, their monies will be deposited into their bank accounts after they have been verified. “Applicants who do not have bank accounts and cellphone numbers registered in their own names, their payments will be directed to the Post Office. They will be informed via SMS when they can collect their payments using their IDs. Applicants who do not have bank accounts details, but provided cellphone numbers registered to their names, will be required to choose a bank of their choice. They will then receive cash send payment to their cell phones," she said. Shongwe said applicants will be paid from the month they applied; each month applicants will be subjected to the verification process to determine if they qualify. "If they still qualify, they will be paid again. People who receive any type of grant do not qualify. Sassa urges applicants not to submit more than one application as this further delay the approval process. This grant will only be paid for a period of 6 months from May to October. “So we, therefore, urge applicants to be patient as payment is currently in progress and it is making payments, on a regular basis and working closely with banks to improve the payment process to enable it to become more effective and efficient, " said Shongwe. Sassa Spokesperson Senzeni Ngubeni said: "Disability grants which were due for re-assessment or review on February and March have been reinstated back to payment until next October as doctors were not available for assessment. SASSA will pronounce itself very soon about services to be offered at level 3 lockdown." 