The bail application hearing of the six men accused of murdering Durban teenager. Andile Bobo Mbuthu  is set to resume in the Verulam Magistrates Court on Monday. The cross  examination of accused two Andile Nhleko by the state senior prosecutor continued on Friday. This was during the bail application hearing of the six suspects linked the murder of Andile Bobo Mbuthu (16). The six accused Mlungisi Thabethe (28), Andile Nhleko (27), Mcedisi Mzobe (27), Siyanda Msweli (27), Lindani Ndlovu (22) and Malusi Mthembu (22) who are facing charges of kidnapping and murder of the Hambathi teen appeared for the bail application hearing. Accused two Nhleko had started his application yesterday (Thursday) and today he was being cross examined by the senior state prosecutor Kirsen Shah. Prosecutor Shah said a state witness that will come to court to testify during trial says that he had gone to buy beer in Magagula tavern when he arrived to find all the accused beating Bobo. He said when this witness asked why Bobo was beaten, accused 2 (Nhleko) answered and said Bobo stole alcohol 27 cases of alcohol. He said the same witness then took a stick and also hit Bobo on his bum. Shah said Bobo admitted whilst being assaulted that he only took six cases not 27. He said the same witness told accused one (Thabethe) to call the police. "The witness said police came (one African and one Indian) but the Bobo was no longer there and they claimed that he had used the back door to run," he said. Meanwhile, Nhleko also claimed that during his arrest police assaulted him and after that they took him to the forest. He said they then took him to a dam, where they further assaulted him and pointed in the dam and asked him to also point at the dam and then they took pictures of him pointing at the dam where human remains were found. Then prosecutor Shah said that means Nhleko is the one who revealed that the human remains are in the dam. But Nhleko denied that. Prosecutor Shah said in Nhleko's statement in the docket he said that he was with accused one (Thabethe) and accused three (Mzobe) when they used Thabethe's car to go and dump the human remains in the dam. Magistrate Thiloshir Badal postponed the hearing for Monday.