MARITZBURG United chairman Farook Kadodia is happy to see football return in South Africa. Kadodia’s main concern is operating without their monthly grant following utterances by the Premier Soccer League (PSL) that club bosses might be forced to operate without their allowances if football doesn’t restart next month. Maritzburg are one of those clubs who would suffer if the grant wasn’t paid since they don’t have a sponsorship to back them in these tough economic times. Just like many other clubs in the Absa Premiership, the Team of Choice rely heavily on broadcasts, gate-takings, hospitality and small sponsors that place their boards around the pitch as their sources for revenue. “I’m quite confident that from club to club, the football business will open up when the league restarts,” Kadodia told journalists via Zoom conference that was organised by the club. “I can assure you that 70% of clubs wouldn’t survive without grants. The reality is that grants play a pivotal role in the trading of business, for almost every PSL team.” With local football stopped, Highlands Park suffered a huge heartbreak. Their sponsors, Jonsson Workwear – who pay the club R7 million per season – decided to stop paying the Tembisa-based outfit their monthly allowance as the sponsor felt it has lost mileage as there were no games on TV. Almost all the PSL clubs have completed the Covid-19 testing to fulfil the NSL Covid-19 Health and Safety Directives protocols to resume training, but these tests come at a cost. Kadodia said the clubs will do the tests on a regular basis, with each batch costing in the region of R30 000. “Unfortunately, everything comes at a cost. The whole sanitisation process, training fields, stadium, the changing rooms – all these things come at a cost,” Kadodia said. He said every club will have to test at least 40 people. “Sadly, we will have to repeat the testing until we finish the season. “Unfortunately, the league cannot foot the bill (of Covid-19 testing). We as clubs have to foot the bill. We’ve got a responsibility (as clubs) to ensure that all these health recommendations are taken care of.”