SAFA CEO Danny Jordaan, who spearheaded the Local Organising Committee, reckons that after all was said and done, the 2010 spectacle was “Madiba’s World Cup”. Jordaan paid tribute to the most famous statesman for helping to bring to reality the dream of Africa hosting a Fifa World Cup. Today is exactly 10 years since Mzansi organised what the then Fifa president Sepp Blatter described as the best ever tournament in the history of the organisation. “The FNB Stadium holds a special place in Madiba’s heart. When Nelson Mandela was released from prison, he organised a big rally at that stadium. He also travelled with us to Zurich against his doctors’ orders because he was ill,” said Jordaan. “Mandela told us that he was going because in 1966, he listened to the World Cup in England from a radio in prison. He dreamt that one day a Fifa World Cup will also happen in his county of birth. “So, when Fifa president Sepp Blatter pulled out the envelope and said South Africa, we knew it was Madiba’s World Cup.” Added Jordaan: “We were expecting him for the opening ceremony but as we all know, he was not well and there had been an accident the night before and he could not grace the first day. “But he did come to the final, again against his doctors’ orders. It was very cold and he was not well but Mandela was there waving to the fans. He was saying goodbye to our visitors who were going back home after the final. “That was Madiba’s last public appearance before he passed away and we want to thank him for bringing the World Cup to the African continent.” Safa had lined up a high profile friendly match against former champions Spain but due to the Covid-19 scare that has engulfed the world, the friendly international has had to be cancelled. Among other 2010 highlights for Jordaan was Siphiwe “Shabba” Tshabalala’s opening goal that rippled the net and left the entire country in a state of ecstasy. “We walked a very long path until that day. We suffered major setback in 2000 when Germany were awarded the right to host the 2006 World Cup. It felt like a hammer blow because our bid was better than that of England and we matched Germany. “After we won in 2004, Mandela said that he felt like a 15 year-old boy.”