The Gauteng North High Court ruled in favour of the Democratic
Alliance’s (DA) application that the court judgment declaring the dissolution
of the Tshwane Council illegal be implemented immediately. In short, the legitimate Councillors will now return to
office and the ANC-imposed administrators must vacate the City. The DA said this is a further indictment of the ANC
provincial government and its Premier David Makhura and its MEC Lebogang Maile,
who have systematically undermined governance in the City of Tshwane. The High Court has further emphasized the unlawfulness of
the province’s decision to place the City of Tshwane under administration. “This judgment sets a vital precedent for the many councils
for which leadership is won against the ANC by minority governments in next
year’s elections. “Such councils will typically be located in provinces where
there will be an ANC provincial government. “Today's judgement preserves the constitutional requirement
that municipalities should be run by representatives of the people without fear
of bullying or interference by any provincial government. “Winning this case was a major victory,” said DA Tshwane
Mayoral Candidate Randall Williams. The Court found that exceptional circumstances did indeed
exist to warrant that Maile’s Administrators be removed from governing the
city, although the judge noted that the acting city manager would remain in
place. Randall said that Maile’s strategy to grab power in the city
has failed dismally. The Court found that the residents of Tshwane would suffer
irreparable harm if the administrators were allowed to stay in office any longer. The Court said, “If this application is refused, an
unelected administrator will remain in place, accountable only to the GEC that
appointed him and for a period far beyond that envisaged in the Constitution.
It cannot be overlooked that the provincial government is controlled by a party
that did not win the city of Tshwane municipal elections in 2016”. A crucial part of the DA’s argument was that residents in
the city have a right to be governed by the people that they elected. Each day
the administrators are deployed in office they undermine the democratic
outcomes of the 2016 election and the values enshrined in the constitution. The courts agreed with these points, even declaring that
“the running of the City by an unelected administrator is the very antithesis
of these values”. The judgement further reiterated that the ANC and EFF have a
legal obligation to attend Council meetings, and a failure to do so would put
them in contempt of court. “Today’s court judgment is a crucial victory for the
residents of the municipality because it entrenches their right to be governed
by the representatives that they elected. The reinstated Councillors will
immediately begin planning the logistics around holding a Council meeting to
ensure that a mayor can be elected and that the disruptions to governance and
service delivery caused by Lebogang Maile and his cronies come to an end,” said
Randall.