 Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula has pleaded with taxi
associations planning to down tools later this month - over their unhappiness
with the government's proposed relief fund - to reconsider their threat. Mbalula assured the taxi industry that he will announce next
week how much taxi operators will be financially aided by his department. Taxi operators have threatened to go on strike demanding the
fast tracking of the financial relief aid promised by Mbalula. Some associations have threatened to increase fares by more
than 100% claiming that they have lost money due to the required 70% loading
capacity. "Why a shutdown now? There will be no need for taxis to
go on a shutdown in the Republic especially this time. We are all bonded by a
need of humanity. We are all making sacrifices. Different industries in the
country are in distress including the R20 billion taxi industry," said
Mbalula. "I remember that I was attacked when I raised the taxi
relief fund. I said we need to assist the industry. Long distance taxis have
been severely hit, and are out of business. They are the people we need to
focus on." "We are discussing hard with the industry and money has
been set aside by government. We are currently discussing the modalities,"
said Mbalula. Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula has given the Gautrain the
thumbs up as it resumed services on Monday under the Level 4 lockdown. The relief fund will be handed to SARS, to distribute to
taxi operators instead of to the associations. He said the department has a database of all registered
taxis in the country through its eNatis system. Mbalula said they have to resolve some issues with owners
who are not on the database. "I'm discouraging a shutdown. We are not at war with
the taxi industry and we will work with them. We are discussing how money will
be distributed and that money will never be enough. "If taxi fares are increased, the amount must be fair
to customers. We need to talk about fares increasing and must not be
unaffordable," Mbalula said. "I don't want to establish a relief fund that will
never end. Whether it is a cent or two, it is not going to be big money. The
relief fund will come and pass. There is a bigger issue that we need to resolve
with the industry which is the formalisation of the taxi industry. "There are some taxis that are breaking the regulations
by operating 24 hours. Some drivers don't observe social distancing and others
don't wear masks. We are providing them with sanitiser," said Mbalula. SOURCE: NEWS24