BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic defender Justice Chabalala is determined to follow in the footsteps of his role model Lucky Lekgwathi by winning more trophies. The former Orlando Pirates defender, Lekgwathi retired from professional football in 2016 at the age of 40 after he won 14 trophies with the club. Although, Chabalala has yet to win a single trophy since he started his career with Free State Stars in 2015-16 season, he hopes that will soon change. The 28-year-old has currently extended his loan spell with Siwelele by a further two month until end of extended Premier Soccer League season. Said Chabalala: “I want to reach greater heights in my career like Lekgwathi. I want to win more trophies like he did at Pirates. He was always disciplined on and off the pitch leading by example, that is why he had a successful career. “I haven’t reached my peak because I don’t even have a trophy, except for the Black Label Cup. I hope to win the Nedbank Cup (Celtic beat TS Sporting to reach semifinal stage). I haven’t done anything in my career that’s why I am so hungry.” However, Chabalala is in the dark whether he will continue his career in Bloemfontein or return to the Soweto giants next season. “To be honest I don’t know what will happen at the end of season. I still have another year on my contract with Pirates. But I am happy that I am getting more game time at Celtic. I deserve this chance since I have always worked hard. Whatever decision Pirates take I don’t have a problem as long as I will enjoy playing football. I am enjoying myself at the moment as we have players like Lucky Baloyi and Jackson Mabokgwane who also played with me at Pirates.” The Giyani born player is concerned that the forced PSL break due to coronavirus pandemic might kill Siwelele’s momentum when the season resumes. Celtic occupy ninth spot on the Absa Premiership table with 28 points from 23 matches. “We had good form before the season was stopped. But we can’t do anything to restore it, except to double our efforts when we resume the season. We are not used to playing without our fans, but we can’t do anything about it except to got out there and make them proud.”