Soulful house DJ Kagiso Mashigo, fondly known as KJazzy, is on a mission to make a name for himself in the house music scene. The 33-year-old from Letlhakaneng in North West released his debut single titled Step In on 28 May. He features an amazing vocalist from his hometown known as Morzaaq. KJazzy told SunBuzz Morzaaq was perfect for the project. “Morzaaq studied music and has been there since I started my Djing career. He was always willing to assist me with production, as producer, composer, lyricist and vocalist.” KJazzy said the message behind the track was purely about love. “It’s about the love I have for my woman and music itself. In the same breath, it’s about me stepping into hearts and souls, and the world of house music.” He was proud about the feedback he’s received. “The response has been overwhelming. I have been getting positive feedback from fellow producers and supporters,” KJazzy said. “Some are even requesting a music video and this makes me believe God is showing off.” The DJ’s professional career started in late 2017. He played opening slots for the Deep Soul Sensation hosted by DJ Christos and Lady Sakhe. Since he started Djing, KJazzy has started a Facebook feature known as KnowUrDj. “It’s a weekly feature whereby profiles and biographies about DJs are published. The aim is to celebrate DJs, both the emerging and the established.” KJazzy was inspired by established house pioneers such as Martin Atjazz and Sir LSG. “I’m an artist whose first love was Djing and the love manifested into producing my material. I always had ideas and now I can express them as both a DJ and producer,” he said. Like with many budding producers, lack of financial support and marketing are the challenges in Kjazzy’s promising career. He said he planned to feature more local vocalists and assemble a great team to enable him to walk in DJ Euphonik and Black Coffee’s giant business footsteps. “I plan to release more music and inspire other aspiring producers. “I would like to be an international brand through gigs, features and collaborations. “I would like to see my music being lucrative and be able to fund other investments,” said the DJ.