FOOTBALL is the most important of the least important things in life. So goes the famous quote by Carlo Ancelotti. It is at the time of crisis that football, which is valuable and very key to social cohesion... but not indispensable, suffer the most. It is the inevitable consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, which has been threatening to wipe out the entire human race. It is therefore not surprising to hear the talk of the potential sale of some of our famous local clubs in recent days. If you were shocked by reports of Bloemfontein Celtic facing extinction, then you haven’t heard about Bidvest Wits, who are also facing a similar fate. TS Galaxy chairman Tim Sukazi is on record about the advanced talks to purchase the status of Celtic. If all goes well, the GladAfrica Championship side will be elevated to the elite Premiership next season. Another NFD side, TTM, are understood to be eyeing Wits. The PSL executive committee haven’t ratified any club sale since Cape Umoya purchased Platinum Stars two years ago. But it appears the executive committee will be going through several applications soon. The PSL constitution prohibits clubs from swapping franchises and therefore the championship clubs would need third party buyers for their first division statuses. This effectively means Celtic may completely disappear from the football scene. The league are not known to encourage the sale of clubs. But they also acknowledge the difficulty of managing a football club, particularly without extra sources of revenue. Even a token gesture from the NSL would be insufficient to sustain clubs without sponsorship, post the lockdown. It would be quite sad to see such rich history of Phunya Sele Sele thrown into the abyss. But this is the consequence of the lack of economic viability, exacerbated by the football ban under national lockdown. On a wing and prayer, Celtic have been hamstrung with financial difficulties in recent years that it is a miracle they have successfully managed to avoid being drawn into relegation scraps. In truth, is has been a matter of when, and not if, a willing buyer would approach them. And the current situation has provided the perfect opportunity for those with deep pockets to flash a big cheque in front of the drooling Maxwell Tshabalala. It is almost inevitable that the Celtic owner would agree to sell, even if that means stripping the province and the City of Roses of its pride and joy. Unless something concrete comes out of the talks between businessman Lebohang Mokoena, who has also expressed interest in Siwelele, and Tshabalala, Celtic will leave the Free State. Sad, isn’t it? Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso