A great coach once said: "It's not about winning a match, but it's about performing consistently throughout the season that counts." Many men throughout their sex life think about winning today and not the future. They focus on winning today's sexual encounters and not maintaining a consistent sexual performance throughout their lifetime. The phallic structure we bear like any other muscle in our body requires us to look after it so that it can keep us for much longer in the sexual game. A healthy 4-5 is important not only for creation, but also to for sexercise purposes. So we take a look at ways you can keep your 4-5 rising for all occasions:  According to research, almost a third (31%) of participants who had successfully quit smoking had fuller erections than before when they were hooked back up to the apparatus, while three-quarters (75%) of the quitters who had been experiencing ED at the beginning of the study were large and in charge in the end. According to a  men's clinical director: “Smoking decreases the amount of oxygen reaching the penis, which can lead to scarring and loss of elasticity."  A recent study from The University of Texas suggest that men who drink two to three cups of java a day or 85 to 170 milligrams of caffeine from other beverages are 42% less likely to have erectile dysfunction than those who consume up to seven milligrams of the stimulant daily. Researchers explain that the caffeine stimulant triggers a series of reactions in the body that ultimately increase blood flow to the penis. If that's the case, then pour me a cup already!  According to a study conducted by French physiologist Simon Thornton, a drop in the amount of red blood cells and plasma circulating in the body can lead to the droops. Thornton highlighted a secondary reason why drinking plenty of water per day will likely pay dividends in his research. "When dehydrated, you produce a greater amount of angiotensin, a type of hormone commonly found in men experiencing having difficulty achieving collegiate erections."  A recent study by French researchers found that men who eat the spiciest foods tend to have higher testosterone levels than those with milder palates. Study authors attribute the T-boosting effects in part to capsaicin, a compound in chilies that previous research has associated with increased testosterone levels. So if you want to spice things up for the rest of your life then I suggest you make it hot next time.   