OUTGOING Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt has started his search for a new home, and will even consider a move outside Mzansi. In Mzansi, the hard-to-please coach said he would only accept a new coaching position on condition that he’s given free reign to execute his duties. Wits sold their Premiership status to GladAfrica Championship club Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila, leaving some of the Clever Boys technical team staff and players out of work. Hunt, who won the Premiership title on four occasions with two teams, said he’s having trouble sleeping at night and is working day and night to make sure he finds a suitable job. But the 55-year-old mentor said what he hated about SA football is interference by club bosses and that he is completely against that. “Things are starting to happen for me and right now, it’s about getting the right project. “I don’t like interference, I just want to be given a mandate and left alone to do my job if I decide to accept any job offers in South Africa,” he said. If that can’t be guaranteed, then will have to look elsewhere. “But I could be moving outside of South Africa though, to look for the best opportunities. “At this stage, I don’t mind if it’s a national team or at club level,” said Hunt. The Premier Soccer League four-time Coach of the Year award winner said getting a new job would not be a problem for him. He also brushed aside suggestions that he comes with a hefty pay cheque as“non-sense”. “Whenever people say I earn a lot of money it makes me angry. It’s a pile of complete rubbish, anyone that goes around saying that nonsense is planting the wrong seed in the clubs bosses’ minds. “I’m open to negotiations and am a reasonable coach. I don’t go around demanding ridiculous salaries,” he explained. The Clever Boys are sixth on the log table with 38 points and have nine games to play before the league campaign comes to an end, plus a semi-final date with Mamelodi Sundowns in the Nedbank Cup. Hunt, who is set for a huge payout from his remaining two-year contract with Wits, will oversee their remaining matches before he sets off for his next coaching assignment. “I’ll finish the season and then leave,” he said.