 IT SEEMS gone are the days when izangoma used to look ordinary. There are now izangoma who want to look good while consulting. THEY SLAY WHILE WORKING IN IZINDUMBA AND ARE TECH-SAVVY TOO. One such sangoma is Khanyisile Mnguni, a slay sangoma with no blessers. “I slay with my looks and this makes my customers come in numbers. “I don’t believe a sangoma should look dirty and smell like muthi. “You can wear heels, make-up and have a manicure. There’s nothing wrong with that.” The 26-year-old from Bethal in Mpumalanga consults with her clients online. She couriers the muthi! She still consults in her indumba, her cellphone attached to a tripod stand for video calls. Next to her lie the bones and she makes sure a client sees that she’s indeed throwing them. “My clients tell me what bothers them. I read the bones to them,” she said. Gogo Khanyisile has clients in Mzansi, London, Cuba, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the US, Swaziland and Lesotho. She said most of her clients are on Instagram and pay through bank transfer or eWallet. “I perform rituals to inform my ancestors as soon I get money from a client. I then book an appointment for my client after they’ve paid,” she said. “After consultation, I courier the muthi to them. Locally it takes three days. It could take up to a week for international clients.” Gogo Khanyisile, who trained as a sangoma three years ago, started the online service at the beginning of lockdown, which didn’t affect her business even though she didn’t encourage walk-ins. She said the online service was challenging at first, but her clients were adjusting, and she was even getting more customers. “I want to revolutionise this industry and want more and more izangoma to be techno-savvy,” she said. She dreams of opening an online store. “In as much as people buy almost everything online, why not buy muthi?” she said. Her sister Sinenhlanhla Sithebe from Tembisa, Ekurhuleni, said gogo Khanyisile is doing well. “She’s innovative. She started consulting online at the start of lockdown and her looks attract customers,” she said. Gogo Khanyisile’s gobela, gogo Nkanyamba from Mbalenhle in Secunda in Mpumalanga, said gogo Khanyisile took after her. “I love to look beautiful because I believe idlozi is within and not outside,” she said. But she doesn’t consult online. “As a young person, online works well for Khanyisile and her humility opens up things for her,” said gogo Nkanyamba.