FIFA’S amendments of Law 3 to temporarily introduce five subs, instead of the usual three, has been met with scepticism in the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Some say the alteration will favour teams that have more resources, like the big three in the PSL when the 2019-20 programme resumes. On 8 May, the International Football Association Board (The Ifab) agreed to make a temporary amendment based on a proposal received from Fifa, which seeks to protect player welfare. Fifa added that the decision on whether to apply this temporary amendment will remain at the discretion of each individual competition organiser, while The Ifab and world football body will determine at a later stage whether this temporary amendment would need to be extended further. Polokwane City coach Clinton Larsen, whose side are one of those who are battling for league survival, said if the PSL adopt this amendment, it will make sense because they have not played football for over three months now. He added that clubs that have depth stand to benefit. “When the season restarts, we are going to see a lot of players cramping, muscle pulls, and the five subs will help ease the pressures when it comes to injuries,” said Larsen. “On teams that have more depth, for me it is the same for everyone. “They’ve got depth because they have finances and that happens all over the world. It’s no different in South Africa. “We know Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, Mamelodi Sundowns, Bidvest Wits and SuperSport United have more depth than the other teams and we just have to live with it.” Having seen how players struggled in the Germany’s Bundesliga and Spanish La Liga, AmaZulu general manager, Lunga Sokhela, whose side are second from bottom, said under the current circumstance this was a sensible decision. “I guess Fifa tried to assist where they could because the reality is players will be very unfit,” said Sokhela. “Whether or not it will suit those who have bigger squads, I don’t necessary think so.” Fifa and The Ifab undertook this decision to help member associations who are looking to resume leagues that came to a halt because of the COVID-19 pandemic in March. The PSL was one of those who felt the brunt of the virus.as NSL decided to indefinitely suspend the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship. Now the PSL, Safa along with government, have found ways to restart the league which may resume later this month depending on government’s approval to the NSL Covid-19 Health and Safety Directive that was compiled by the PSL-Safa task team.