After years of broadcasting, Thobela FM continues to grow. The award-winning Pedi radio station, which  broadcasts from Polokwane in Limpopo, turned 60 on Monday. Lesedi, Ukhozi and Thobela turned 60, while Motsweding celebrated 58 years. The station is described as a caring brand that has over the years contributed immensely to human empowerment through vibrant marketing campaigns, informative content and entertainment. Station manager Madikana Matjila told the People's Paper he felt happy to see the station growing. "As we celebrate the station’s 60th birthday, we'll be taking listeners on time travel from 1960 to 2020 through music and informative content," said Matjila. He said the station will also give away lucrative prizes to listeners. "This will be done through daily programmes," he said. He said the station acknowledged and encouraged women empowerment, with women in decision-making positions. "The station continues to encourage its listeners to stay at home during this pandemic ," he said." "As the station turns 60, we want to reflect on our journey as a reputable, reliable and consistent radio station. We've transformed from being a state broadcaster to a public service channel that has empowered society and held government to account. Matjila said they will continue to strive to deliver news and programming that promotes democratic principles and caters for markets that were previously disadvantaged. He said the station had thus far carried its celebrations from the beginning of this year and intended to carry with the celebration activities throughout the year. "We're doing this so as to ensure that we meet all our listeners' needs," he said. He said despite Covid-19, listeners should look forward to exciting campaigns such as an online talk show hosted by well-known comedians to spice up the celebration. "Cash prizes to ease listeners' financial challenges during lockdown and content that will keep listeners on their toes," he said. He invited listeners to celebrate with the station by tuning in 24/7. "During the celebrations, our lucky listener will walk away with R6000 in cash," he said.