THINGS are not looking good for Banyana Banyana! While there’s hope Bafana Bafana can play again this year and with club football slowly returning to European countries after the sport both at club and international level was suspended due to the coronavirus, matters do not look promising for Mzansi’s national women’s senior team. There’s no indication when Banyana will play again. The 2020 Women’s Africa Cup of Nations (AWFCON) is in the balance with the new host of the 2020 edition yet to be confirmed after the Republic of Congo withdrew as hosts last July. They were named as the hosts in September 2018. Nigeria and Equatorial Guinea were reportedly keen to host the tournament, but so far nothing has been announced. The tournament was scheduled to be played from 23 November to 20 December 2020, but as the qualifiers have not been completed it doesn’t look like the AWFCON will be played. SA Football Association president, Danny Jordaan, who is vice president of the Confederations of African Football (Caf), is also in the dark about when Banyana will play again. However, he said he’s in consultation with Fifa to look at ways how international competitions can restart. “If you look at where we are now, international travel is (still) banned. No team can play another team at international level,” said Jordaan. “It is more complicated because we have players all over Europe. It means that Refiloe Jane who plays in Italy or Leandra Smeda (Lithuania) or Thembi Kgatlana (in Portugal), must be able to fly from the European countries (they play in) to South Africa before the team (Banyana) can be assembled.” “Some of these countries are considered as Covid-19 hotspots. These are some of the issues Fifa has raised that I’m responding to in relation to international competition.” The issue of also not knowing when Banyana will play has left coach Desiree Ellis in dark too. She said she has no idea when her side will be in action again. However, she said she’ll wait for guidelines from Caf. “It hasn’t been in communication with anyone. Not even Fifa knows when international matches will take place,” said Ellis whose side last played a friendly match against Lesotho on 8 March at Tsakane Stadium.