A security guard has been suspended after a
Covid-19-positive patient disappeared from the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium's
quarantine site in Port Elizabeth. John Doch, 72, of Graaff-Reinet walked out of the 200-bed
hospital on Friday afternoon after a guard allegedly deserted his post. Hospital operator, the Mandela Bay Development Agency
(MBDA), has reported the incident to the police, while the M Secure company
suspended the guard. Port Elizabeth police spokesperson Captain Sandra Janse van
Rensberg said the incident was reported to the police. "There is no formal
case that has been opened at this stage. The matter was indeed reported to
us." Doch was one of 51 patients who were being treated at the
facility when he disappeared, said MBDA spokesperson Luvuyo Banzi. "Currently, Mr Doch remains a missing person and the
management team is in touch with the Mount Road police station, where the
incident was reported." 'I am heartbroken' Doch's granddaughter, Portia Doch, 26, who is also a patient
at the facility, was too distraught to talk to News24 and was crying during the
short telephone call. "I am heartbroken. I am in pain. Please give me some
time." Security services for the isolation facility were provided
by M Secure, said Banzi. The MBDA provided News24 with an incident report drafted by
M Secure director Kaashief Niekerk who said two companies were responsible for
security at the facility. He added his company was responsible for internal security
at the isolation facility, while another company, HRG, guarded the stadium's
outer perimeter. "It is deducted that Mr Doch passed the internal
security checkpoint unnoticed as a result of the M Secure officer not being at
his post. He then ended up on the outside of the building when an HRG security
officer, who did not recognise him as a patient, subsequently allowed him to
leave the stadium," said Niekerk. HRG's managing director, Fred Erasmus, confirmed M Secure's
version of events and vowed the incident would never happen again. 'It has never happened before' "It is really an unfortunate incident, from our
company's point of view, the stadium put all the advanced technological
security systems in place and they are good, but unfortunately there is a human
factor involved. "We are taking all necessary measures to make sure this
incident doesn't happen again. It has never happened before," said
Erasmus. Niekerk said Doch left the stadium at 14:30 on Friday, but
the incident was only reported to M Secure's management at 17:00 during the
changing of shifts "M Secure management immediately commenced searching
the surrounding area as well as the known shelters housing the homeless. "In addition, the incident was reported to the Mount
Road police station who subsequently posted Mr Doch's info on the crime prevention
social media [group]," he added. The M Secure security officer has been suspended and action
taken will be in line with company's disciplinary code. Corrective actions
instituted include additional situation checks and the erection of security
fencing between the building and outer perimeter gate. The 42 000-seat stadium was built for the 2010 World Cup at
a cost of R2 billion. It was turned into a Covid-19 isolation facility in a joint
operation between the provincial Department of Health, Nelson Mandela Bay
Municipality and stadium this year. The hospital facility is operated by the MBDA which reports
directly to the Nelson Mandela Bay Covid-19 Disaster Management Joint
Operations team. SOURCE: NEWS24