EVERYTHING is still up in the air regarding the return of the Premier Soccer League (PSL). The Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship were suspended indefinitely in mid-March due to the outbreak of Covid-19m, and the green light to restart the season is yet to be given. The PSL is under immense pressure to resume with the hope to meet Fifa’s proposed 31 July deadline, which will not happen as the country is still under alert Level-3 and Safa insists on bringing back football on Level-1. But government has yet to give the league feedback. The PSL said they have done all that was required by Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa for the PSL to resume and conclude their season. While the PSL and Safa play a waiting game, PSL acting CEO Mato Madlala said the government knows about Fifa’s deadline and for now there’s nothing else they can do but to wait for government’s feedback. “It is difficult to say when the league will restart,” said Madlala. “We have done our part and now we are waiting for government to tell us. Once they gazette it, we have to wait for 14 days.” The PSL and Safa formed a task team to look at ways how football can restart in Mzansi after Mthethwa asked them to speak with a united voice for the sake of football in SA. Those protocols were completed. PSL chairman Irvin Khoza and Safa president Danny Jordaan submitted the NSL Covid-19 Health and Safety Directives to the minister last week. Jordaan told SunSport they did everything that was asked by government. “We handed the report of the JLC (Joint Liaison Committee) to the minister about all the safety measures,” said Jordaan. “As you know, we are on Level-3 and the government says there’s no contact sports under Level-3. Now it is government that will get their own information from their legal team.” The 32 clubs were given approval to resume training on 17 June but first they needed to do Covid-19 tests. Those Covid-19 results of which 90% of clubs have undergone, will have to be submitted to the league. The PSL still has to finalise venues and the city where all these games will be played and the new schedule of fixtures.