THIS time last year, Ludwe Mpakumpaku was still pinching himself to see if he wasn’t dreaming after winning the Nedbank Cup with minnows TS Galaxy. The 26-year-old was the captain of The Rockets team that wrote their name in the history books by becoming the first team from the second division to win the coveted trophy. They then embarked on an impressive Caf Confederation Cup run which saw them fall agonizingly short of the group stages. Mpakumpaku was hoping their Nedbank Cup heroics and impressive Caf Confederation Cup run would catapult his career to the next level. However, he has instead had to endure one of the most challenging campaigns of his career, battling with injuries. “Ever since I started playing football, this has been one of the toughest season,” said Mpakumpaku. “After tasting the success of the Nedbank Cup, one expected things to change for the better. I thought maybe I’d go a step higher because I had worked so hard for it, but I guess it was not my time just yet. “Coming back and trying to regroup and refocus was a battle on it’s own, because I really had my mind set on going a step higher in my career. “But the fact that I still had the opportunity to play in the Caf Confederation Cup made me focus more and try to give my all. “In the league we really struggled. I think I kept only six clean sheets in 14 appearances. “I know I can do better, and I have done better than that before. “And I was really looking forward to finishing the season on a high. It’s important to bounce back strong from every setback.” Galaxy’s struggles this season also led to the departure of former coach Dan “Dance” Malesela, who stepped down following a string of poor results. He was replaced by Mabhuti Khenyeza, who was given the task of rebuilding the team that was flirting with relegation before the Covid-19 enforced break. Mpakumpaku, who is recovering from an injury back home in Butterworth, Eastern Cape, is looking forward to getting back to training with the rest of the team. “I’m currently at home now and almost done with my physio, but I can’t wait to return to training. We are still awaiting confirmation from the club as to when we will return,” added Mpakumpaku. “It’s a good thing that football is slowly coming back. “There’s a lot of confusion in the PSL and GladAfrica Championship as to how thing would be summed up if we don’t finish the season. I prefer that we play the remaining games and get rid of the speculation that this and that might happen. I believe the best place to fix football matters is on the pitch.”