A 29-year-old man has been remanded in custody after he used
social media to lure two women to his home, where he allegedly raped them. The victims - aged 15 and 22 - were allegedly raped by the same man on separate
occasions at Vezubuhle near Kwamhlanga, Mpumalanga, on 21 and 26 June 2020
respectively. "The investigation has
revealed that the suspect would lure his victims on social media platforms by
sending friend requests and once they befriend him, he would then constantly
chat with them for a few days before inviting them to his place,"
spokesperson Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said in a statement on Tuesday. The first victim was allegedly asked by the man to accompany him to an event,
as a date. "When she went to his place,
he welcomed her politely and invited her to his room. As soon as she entered,
he allegedly took out a firearm and instructed her to undress, assaulted her
and then raped her. "This matter was reported to
the police, who opened a case of rape," Hlathi explained. Similar ordeal The second victim allegedly
experienced a similar ordeal. Police concluded that they were
dealing with an alleged serial rapist, who was using allegedly social media to
prey on his victims. They followed leads and pounced on the man at his place of
residence. Police were also able to link the
29-year-old man to an unresolved murder, which occurred in May 2020. "On that day, a lifeless
body of 28-year-old Nonhlanhla Happy Maseko was discovered dumped under the
bridge on the R573 road at Vezubuhle, near Kwamhlanga. "At the time when the body
was discovered, the suspect was unknown. However, the investigation has now
uncovered that the suspect on the murder of Maseko is the same [suspect] who
allegedly raped the two victims," Hlathi explained. Arrests welcomed The provincial commissioner of
SAPS in Mpumalanga, Lieutenant-General Mondli Zuma, applauded the police for
the sterling work done.  https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/man-accused-of-luring-women-using-social-media-then-raping-them-20200630 