LOCAL boxing matchmakers have voiced their deep dissatisfaction at the exclusion of their category for the annual Boxing South Africa (BSA) awards. The Matchmaker of the Year category does not appear on Boxing SA’s nomination list for the second time. It was last included in the 2017 BSA awards which were held in Port Elizabeth and won by Eastern Cape’s Luyanda Kana. Highly respected local matchmakers Abbey Mnisi and Kana said BSA need to treat its licensees equally. The pair say matchmakers play a pivotal role in boxing. “I feel that we also need to be included and be recognised for our contribution to boxing. Our phone rings non stop with people asking for fights, we really work hard. Matchmaking is the mother to all the categories. If someone really understand how boxing works, will know that. “We worked very hard throughout the year to make good tournaments that produces prospects, best boxers, fights of the year, all those categories that are listed on the awards. Promoters also first talk to us before applying for a date from BSA. We are like the nucleus of the boxing business and yet we are left out when it’s time for the rewards,” said Mnisi. The reason for the exclusion of the category on BSA awards was the lack of competitiveness, but the two matchmakers want the category to be brought back. The local boxing regulatory body have only three active matchmakers Kana, Mnisi and Lwandile Qinile. “Since when are three people not competitive because out of them there will be one winner,” said Mnisi. Kana, who shares the same sentiments as his colleague, said there is no transparency in local boxing. He added: “Matchmakers are treated like garden boys, our craft is not respected. Manager of the Year category was won by Mlandeli Theng’imfene twice in a row but it not scraped, but with matchmaking they say there is no competitiveness.” BSA’s chief operations officer Cindy Nkomo said matchmakers are very much part of local boxing. “We have excluded the category because there is only three active matchmakers. With the three of them there is no competition, the award will end up rotating among themselves and we don’t want that. BSA have a special award (chairman’s award) that will cater for those stand alone categories. We have other stand alone category such as the agent, second (cornerman) if there are more matchmakers we will include their category,” said Nkomo.