HUNDREDS of SA Express workers who has been in
limbo since March when airline applied to be liquidated would have to wait a
little bit longer to know their fate. This was after the South South High Court
yesterday granted an extension to September 9 for a final decision after the
unions Numsa and SA Cabin Crew Association approached the Department of Public
Enterprises and Business Rescue Practioners for further engagement. Numsa spokesperson Phakamile Hlubi-Majola said
the unions had made the approach after securing a potential investor from the
UAE who had interest in the airline. Hlubi-Majola said the unions had secured the
potential investor because they believed that SA Express is a viable airline
that can be saved and every effort must be made to find alternatives to save
jobs. “This extension will allow the investor to meet
with DPE and hopefully come together on an agreement about the future of the
airline. We remain committed to saving both SAA and SA Express and we will
continue to do everything possible to save these airlines and to save jobs. “We understand the frustration of employees at SA
Express who have not had an income since the end of February, and have been
protesting out of frustration. This is why we are doing everything possible to
find alternatives to liquidation, because we know it would worsen the situation
for workers and their families,” she said in a joint statement. She added that the unions was sympathetic to
workers who have not earned a salary since February 25 and they had to fight for
them to be paid Unemployment Insurance Fund once off under the lockdown even
though they were eligible for as the airline had already applied for
liquidation. Even then the workers were paid an average of
R7000 each which was way low than their salaries and that around April and to
date the workers are having to make ends meet. “The problem with SA Express is that there is no
political will to help the workers. We were the ones who have had to go flat
out to look for potential investors while the DPE is folding their hands. “They didn’t even oppose the liquidation and is
doing nothing for the workers. We have done everything possible to try and find
solutions for SA Express, we even took the initiative to engage creditors such
Rand Merchant Bank and Lighthouse to turn what is owed into equity,” she said. The matter is now set for September 9 for
finalization. This will allow the potential investor to assess the situation
and hopefully come on board, failing which Hlubi-Majola said the airline will
have to be liquidated. And if that happens, there would be no guarantee
the workers will get anything out of it, as the assets would have to be sold,
creditors paid before workers can get their share.