 Former DA
leader Mmusi Maimane and The One SA leader intends going back to court to delay
pupils' return to school for at least 60 days, given the current spike in
coronavirus cases in the country. His latest
application is set to be heard in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria
after the Constitutional Court rejected his bid last week to leapfrog the lower
courts for direct access. Maimaine
and The One SA hope to get their day in court on 17 June to challenge the
decisions of President Cyril Ramaphosa, Cooperative Governance and Traditional
Affairs Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma and Education Minister Angie Motshekga. He is
focusing on challenging the decision to send children back to school on 8 June,
and the change from Level 4 to 3, which allows for greater movement. Schools
were supposed to start on Monday but Motshekga changed her mind because not all
were ready. However, the Western Cape went ahead with the reopening. This was
questioned by the SA Human Rights Commission but supported by acting DA leader
John Steenhuisen who took over the party's leadership when Maimane resigned from
the party. Maimane
contends in papers the government and cited ministers have been
"irrational" and their decisions are below the standard set in the
Disaster Management Act. The act was
invoked to declare a disaster, which gave certain Cabinet members special
powers to issue directives and regulations to prepare for the pandemic, and
protect the population. However,
Maimane says shifting from Level 4 to 3 and the massive movement of people as
well as travel on public transport will be dangerous. He also
believes poorer children, whose schools might not be able to afford the extra
equipment or health officers in line with the new hygiene requirements, will
suffer and will be left behind. Redhill
School in Johannesburg has implemented strict protocols to protect students
from contracting the virus from each other while at school. "The
applicant's case is that the desire to reopen the economy, laudable as it may be,
ought not properly to supercede the duty to protect lives in the midst of a
deadly pandemic," he submitted in the papers. Maimane
contends the government's plans might be "good on paper", but may not
actually happen on the ground. "If,
as we fear and, for argument's sake, only 10% of the 10 million persons will be
infected, that will translate into one million infections. If, as the objective
trends analysis demonstrates, 10% of those infected people die, that will
translate into 100 000 deaths. If those
deaths turn out in hindsight to have been preventable, then even 1% of 10
million is 10 000 lives. The remotest risk will likely still have devastating
consequences for human lives. He said
Ramaphosa's statement parents would not be compelled to take their children to
school because of the risks involved, created unfair discrimination against
those whose vulnerabilities were more pronounced, adding their choice was
therefore to risk getting infected, or to fall behind at school. Maimane
argues no matter how well-meaning the intention, it is inconsistent with the
duty to protect the right to equality, education, and to life. "Hence,
the prayer for a synchronised reopening of schools have been declared
ready." He submitted
in his papers the purpose of the lockdown was to intensity the curtailment of
human interaction, and should only be eased if daily cases fall below 44 per
day, which was not the case in South Africa. SOURCE:
NEWS24