MZANSI’S popular Spar women’s 10km challenge has joined other big races by canceling their series because of the outbreak of COVID-19 global pandemic. The organizers of the famous women’s event had no choice but to cancel all their races for 2020. The Spar Grand Prix series takes place in six cities – Cape Town, Port Elizabeth, Durban, Pietermaritzburg, Tshwane and Joburg. The overall winner on points at the end of the series, collects a cheque of R187 000. But coronavirus prevented the series from taking place this year and elite runners that rely on this prestigious event to make money to feed their families, are gutted. But the organizers have promised runners that they will come back with a bang next year. The good news is that prize money is set to be increased for next year as runners will share a staggering amount of R600 000 in six races. The first race was supposed to take place in Pietermaritzburg on 21 March, but it was postponed to a later date because of the national lockdown. But because mass participation is not allowed by the government as the country is still dealing with the impact COVID-19, it was decided that all the races for this year won’t be able to take place. SPAR Group Marketing Executive Mike Prentice said COVID-19 forced them to cancel the series “We are very disappointed that one of Spar’s premier sponsorships has had to be cancelled this year. Spar prioritizes the health and well-being of all its customers and community members, including the thousands of women who compete in the Spar’s Women’s Challenge series every year.  The decision was clear-cut.” The 2017 SPAR Grand Prix winner and Brand Ambassador Kesa Molotsane said she is devasted. “It’s such a pity that we women were unable to participate in the SPAR Women’s Challenge series this year. I believe that women will raise stronger and braver when approaching the Spar Grand Prix in the next coming year.”  Molotsane said that despite the lockdown regulations she had kept motivated and a consistent training schedule so that when things turned back to normal, she’ll be ready to compete at the highest possible level.