AS MZANSI approaches day 100 of its national lockdown, the painful
stories of people losing their parents to the coronavirus are becoming an
everyday occurrence. When Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize posted his daily updates
of the latest Covid-19 numbers on Saturday evening,a Twitter user by the name
of Ntando Ndabeni sent a heartfelt message commending the minister for his
tireless work . Ntando also revealed that his mum had recently died of the
potentially deadly virus and that she struggled to get even a bed at the Mthatha
General Hospital in the Eastern Cape. “Dear minister @DrZweliMkhize.
 Thank you for your relentless efforts in
fighting the Covid-19 pandemic. Please know that when you give your Stats
today, 1 of the deceased is my 54yr old mother. I know your dedication sir and
am truly grateful. I do know that no one can stop death.” “However, I'd like to bring to your attention that my mother
had a lot to fight these past 2 weeks besides the actual virus. She arrived at
Mthatha General on Friday night the 12th June and stayed at casualty, on a
stretcher till Sunday night the 14th because there were no beds... On Monday
the 22nd & Tuesday the 23rd she got so critical that she was said to need
ICU ventilation as the oxygen support was no longer sufficient.” “ But because of bed shortages in ICU, the medical staff
opted for high flow oxygen which didn't help. This morning at 12:15. She was
confirmed dead. I appreciate you Mr minister, you have worked relentlessly. My
only prayer and desire is that what happened to my mom doesn't happen to anyone
else. She froze in that casualty 2 weeks ago and she needed that ventilation
this week. Thank you, Dr Mkhize.   Minister Mkhize responded to Ntando’s tweets saying , “Dear
Ntando, 240 characters is not enough to for me to express my condolences to you
and your family. Your mother sounded like a brave and strong woman and it pains
me that more could have been done to assist in her greatest time of need. You
are correct that no one can stop death, but everything must be done to prevent
it.” “ Although I can't undo what has happened, I will personally
ask for an investigation into the quality of healthcare and the amount of
resources at the facility. We’ll do everything in our power to make it right. I
will update you personally on the outcomes of the investigation and what is
being done to ensure this does not happen again. My heart is with you and your
family until then.”    TimesLive reports that  Ntando’s father, Christopher Mongezwa Ndabeni,
is receiving treatment for the virus at the same hospital where his wife Lungelwa
Sindiswa Ndabeni died on Saturday. The couple had been married since 1985. They have seven
children and 15 grandchildren  