Last week the Government offered the taxi industry R1,1 billion in aid. But taxi bosses were not happy with this and Santaco went on strike in Gauteng yesterday. Once again, the big losers were commuters. In Tshwane, taxi drivers in Soshanguve became angry while being addressed by Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula. They had spent the morning blocking roads. They told the minister they couldn’t access any relief funds, as most of their taxis didn’t have permits because the traffic department had been delaying the process for years. When the minister spoke to them about financial problems affecting businesses around the country, they told him Edgars was not their problem. A taxi driver said: “We have been adhering to your regulations since the beginning of lockdown and we have suffered huge losses. “Our taxis are on the verge of being repossessed, so we need you to assist us and not to tell us about Edgars.” Mbalula told the angry drivers that it wasn’t easy to come up with funds. He said the department literally had to scrape the bottom of the barrel to come up with money. “We believe the taxi industry is deserving of our support as it is the largest mover of our people,” he said. He pleaded with the industry to protest peacefully and not to block roads, preventing people from getting to work. In the Tshwane CBD, a taxi driver was allegedly beaten to a pulp by other drivers after he was caught transporting passengers while colleagues were protesting. Motorists were inconvenienced by the protest, but the police and the defence force managed to unblock the Mabopane Highway after taxi drivers barricaded it with their vehicles. In Soweto, commuters said they were all forced to use the Rea Vaya bus system. Sihle Mkhwanazi from Mapetla told Daily Sun: “Can you see how long this queue is? “I don’t even want to mention the cold. “There are too many of us and we have to follow coronavirus regulations.” Lungile Mlambo told the People’s Paper she normally used the bus to get to work in Auckland Park, but it was too crowed yesterday. At the Reya Vaya station in Thokoza Park, the queue snaked all the way to Moroka Police Station and most commuters were visibly frustrated. Commuter Isaiah Vukeya told Daily Sun: “The queue is too bad. “Everything must get back to normal.” The buses were not filled to capacity due to social distancing regulations, making matters even worse. Katleho Sebane said they should be allowed to fill all the seats on the bus. By yesterday afternoon, Santaco was still demanding R20 000 per taxi in aid and rejecting conditions, while Mbalula insisted on R5 000 only for registered taxis.