A NUMBER of stars who have made a name for themselves and captivated fans in the Absa Premiership currently find themselves on the sidelines, without a team. And more often than not, taking a risk on free agents has been worth it for clubs, with these players making a solid contribution once they regain full fitness and sharpness. SunSport looks at some of the best players and big names with PSL experience currently not contracted to any club SIPHIWE TSHABALALA Former Kaizer Chiefs captain and midfielder Siphiwe Tshabalala has been a free agent since his contract with Turkish club BB Erzurumspor was terminated. The 35-year-old has insisted that he is not ready to hang up his boots just yet, and is actively looking for his next club. While there are no shortage of offers for his services locally, Shabba has been holding out for another move abroad. TENDAI NDORO The former Orlando Pirates striker is a free agent after he was recently released by Highlands Park. The 35-year-old, who scored five goals in 28 appearances for Highlands, is now free to join any club of his choice. SIFISO MYENI The former Pirates and Bidvest Wits winger is back on the free market after he was released by his GladAfrica Championship side TS Sporting this week. Before joining Sporting earlier this year, Myeni had been without a team since the end of last season since parting ways with Wits. The 31-year-old, who has loads of PSL experience, will now be looking to get back to action as soon as possible with a new club. MARK MAYAMBELA The former Pirates dribbling wizard has been without a club since he parted ways with Cape Town City in January after falling out of favour with coach Jan Olde Riekerink. The Cape Town-born midfielder has taken some off time away from football before making his return to the field, presumably next season. And given his talent, experience and the fact that he is just 32-years-old, he should not have too many problems finding a new home soon. PATRICK PHUNGWAYO Many might remember Phungwayo from his days at Pirates where he endeared himself to their supporters. However, things have not been smooth sailing for him since then, as his career has taken a downward spiral. The left-back has not been able to find a team since he was released by Free State Stars at the end of last season, following their relegation to the GladAfrica. Championship.