"We hear you. We see you. We’re listening to you." That was a statement made by the brand that makes personal health products after it announced it will be adding darker shades to their plaster product. Several brands have come under fire during the Black Lives Matter movement that followed after the murder of George Floyd for not catering for people of colour including their employment quotas, which saw international brands revealing their company's hiring systems. Band Aid also revealed in its statement that it will be making donations to the Black Lives Matter movement and promised this is just the first among many steps in the fight against systemic racism. “We hear you. We see you. We’re listening to you. We stand in solidarity with our black colleagues, collaborators, and community in the fight against racism, violence, and injustice. We are committed to taking actions to create tangible change for the black community,” the brand posted on Instagram. “We are committed to launching a range of bandages in light, medium, and deep shades of brown and black skin tones that embrace the beauty of diverse skin. We are dedicated to inclusivity and providing the best healing solutions, better representing you. In addition, we will be making a donation to @blklivesmatter.? We promise that this is just the first among many steps together in the fight against systemic racism,” the post continued. “We can, we must, and we will do better.” We hear you. We see you. We’re listening to you.? ? We stand in solidarity with our Black colleagues, collaborators and community in the fight against racism, violence and injustice. We are committed to taking actions to create tangible change for the Black community.? ? We are committed to launching a range of bandages in light, medium and deep shades of Brown and Black skin tones that embrace the beauty of diverse skin. We are dedicated to inclusivity and providing the best healing solutions, better representing you.? ? In addition, we will be making a donation to @blklivesmatter.? We promise that this is just the first among many steps together in the fight against systemic racism.? ? We can, we must and we will do better. A post shared by  BAND-AID® Brand Bandages (@bandaidbrand) on Jun 10, 2020 at 7:00am PDT 