The Sunday's River Valley Municipality mayor Nombulelo
Bixa calls for calm. This is after Sanco and Nehawu called for the closure
of the Life Esidimeni Care Centre in Kirkwood for mentally challenged patients. On Tuesday both Nehawu and Sanco called a meeting with
the hospital management regarding escalating Covid-19 cases at the hospital.
But the meeting collapsed after unsatisfying answers. On Wednesday, a meeting was called again between
Nehawu, Sanco, Department of Health, and hospital management. Mayor Nombulelo
Bixa said, "Our Covid-19 numbers are growing rapidly daily. On Tuesday we
had 43 Covid-19 cases in Kirkwood and 8 deaths. All those deaths come from Life
Esidimeni Care Centre and its elderly people. "On Tuesday we received a report from our local
joint operating committee after the Department of Health made some
interventions at the hospital." "The report recommended that positive patients
must be put in isolation because they were initially kept together. But not far
from the hospital a golf course hall will be used as a quarantine place. "The hospital had one doctor. So, a second one
has also been recommended including one from Cuba," she said Mxolisi April Sanco regional chairperson: "This
hospital is in crisis. We intervened after heard on the media about escalating
numbers here is Sarah Baartman District. The hospital staff also complained
about the lack of readiness of the hospital in dealing with the Covid-19 cases.
Also the reluctance of the management in testing them. "We then confronted the management and asked them
why from the first case the hospital was not closed for decontamination and the
positive patients be kept in isolation. But it failed to give us satisfying
answers. Then we had to collapse the meeting. April said this hospital was posing danger to the
communities. "Our communities are at risk. Kirkwood is too
small, and everybody here can be easily infected. Our population is about 30
000. But during the orange harvest season, it goes up to more than 70 000. "The way the hospital handles these cases forces
us to stand up." "They work here and then go back to our
communities where are in contact with many people. We also share public
transport with them and also buy at the same shops," he said. Puseletso Jaure, Managing Director, Life Esidimeni
said: "The disturbance by NEHAWU and SANCO has caused much anxiety to
staff and patients. Furthermore, staff has been victimised by the community,
merely because they work at the facility." "We believe the storming of the facility and the
staff victimisation is pure as a result of the community’s lack of
understanding of COVID-19, PPE protocols and testing which is causing them
anxiety and fear as they see the virus spreading easily between people." "In storming the facility, they knowingly
disregarded our strict COVID-19 guidelines, placing staff and patient lives at
risk. Furthermore, they refused to leave the premises and had to be escorted
out of the facility by the SAPS." The hospital management refused to give the statistics
of the infected staff and patients. But a provincial spokesman for Health Sizwe Kupelo
said last week on Friday there were 35 Covid-19 cases at the hospital.