THE ministry of Sports, Arts and Culture is worried about the increasing COVID-19 infections in the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Since the PSL was given the green light to start training and resume its league programme, more than 10 players and members of the technical teams, have tested positive for the coronavirus, even before kick-off. The PSL is expected to release the fixtures, dates and venues for there-start of the league programme soon. But the department is concerned about the rate of infections among players, and that could spell trouble for the league. If this problem persists before the official kick-off date, the minister might be forced to put PSL operations to a halt. “Should the situation worsen, the ministry and the department’s team in consultation with football Joint Liaison Committee (JLC) will be in a position to make recommendations to the minister Nathi Mthethwa which will enable him to either instruct that plans be reviewed or all activities put on hold until solutions are found,” said the ministry’s director general Vusumuzi Mkhize yesterday. “Government and the department remain worried about the escalating COVID-19 infection rate within communities and the sector in general, including football,” he added. The minister has put stringent requirements for sports federations to return to training and start playing. If they don’t comply with the rules and regulations, they will be forced to stop their operations. When the players eventually report for camp, they will be going home after training. But that decision might be reconsidered to lower the risk of infection. Players might be forced to stay in camp until the conclusion of the 2019/20 season, which has about nine games plus three cup matches to go. “The department would like to take this opportunity to wish all players and officials who are infected with COVID-19 a speedy recovery so that all can get back to their various sporting activities.” Mkhize added: “What’s pleasing is that sport bodies, including football, submitted their plans in line with Gazetted Sector Directions between11 and 26 June of which necessary approvals were therefore granted. “It’s indeed encouraging to note that the JLC has started with the necessary steps to allow testing and isolation of those infected. We’re confident this will go a long way in minimising the infection rate.”