 Eighteen
pupils have tested positive for Covid-19 at top rural Eastern Cape boarding
school, Nyanga High School, in Ngcobo. Principal
Khululi Qamata said the school registered its first case on 15 June, after
tests were conducted five days before, on 10 June. The school
invited Eastern Cape Department of Health workers on 16 June to test 30 pupils
who were either showing Covid-19 symptoms or identified as close contacts of
people with Covid-19. Out of the
30 tested pupils, 17 tested positive, six are awaiting results while seven
tested negative, Qamata said in a statement on the school's Facebook page on
Wednesday. "Between
today the 24th June and Friday the 26th June, the EC DoH will further test
another batch of learners, specifically those showing symptoms and close
contacts." Qamata
added that three teachers voluntarily tested for Covid-19 and two results came
back negative, while one is outstanding. The school
has advised its Grade 9 pupils not to return on Monday during its second
phasing-in process. A Primary
School teacher in Strand, Cape Town, came up with an innovative idea of making
desk shields from wood offcuts and plastic, to protect learners from Covid-19
in classrooms where the rules of social distancing could not be adhered to. 'Learners
will have to wait for results' "We
have, as such, suspended academic tuition to focus on ensuring the safety of
everyone in the school yard. The suspension of tuition will include cancelling
the phasing-in of Grade 9 scheduled for Monday the 29th June 2020. A staff
meeting will be held on Monday to assess the current situation and craft a way
forward," said Qamata. Parents of
pupils who tested negative, didn't show symptoms or do not meet the criteria of
pupils to be tested this week, are encouraged to fetch them and keep them at
home, said Qamata. "Learners
who will be tested this week will have to wait for results before being taken
home for the safety of everyone at home. We are hopeful that the learners will
abide with Covid-19 safety precautions whilst at home," said Qamata. The news
comes amid mounting calls on the Eastern Cape Education Department to
immediately shut schools due to a spike in infections among pupils and staff. News24
reported that since the re-opening of schools on 8 June, the provincial
government was forced to shut 196 schools due to Covid-19. On Monday,
the provincial government said in a statement that 132 of those remain shut,
while 40 re-opened after decontamination. There was no explanation offered by
the government about the situation regarding 24 schools. SOURCE:
NEWS24