SABC3 talk show Trending SA has yet again come under the glaring glow of the spotlight. And it’s trending, once more, for all the wrong reasons. The producers of the night-time social media commentary panel talk show are said to have sacked their deck of presenters. Hosts Pabi Moloi, Kuli Roberts, Nina Hastie and Dr Musa Mthombeni were told via email their contracts had been terminated, informants said. According to insiders, Pabi and Kuli were the first to receive the bitter news. Kuli, Musa and Nina confirmed to Sunday Sun that they recieved an email informing them the show was coming back but their services have been terminated. They said they were told the show will have new hosts. Musa said he got the email a few weeks ago. Asked if he’s disappointed, he said: “Well, the ride was fun and TV is my passion we just have to wait for something else.” Kuli said: “Yep, I’m also not coming back. I can confirm the email.” Nina told SunTeam she was told the show was coming back but she would no longer be part of the presenters. “I guess none of us are coming back,” she said. The presenters wouldn’t want to be drawn into the allegations that they were still owed money and the fact that their contracts were still running. Commented an insider: “But they’re up in arms and ready to fight for their money. Remember, people weren’t paid for almost a year because the production company was waiting for the SABC to pay its fees.” Another source said some of the show’s presenters were considering legal action against the producers. Commented the source: “The presenters are still owed money. If the producers can afford new presenters, they can clearly afford to first pay the people they’re letting go.” Another mole said the producers had already lined up some replacement celebrities. “There’s a list of celebs they’re interested in, although they haven’t officially approached them,” the informant said. “They wanted to get rid of the current hosts first and then replace them without causing drama. But it seems the producers’ plans will hit a brick wall.” Another mole said the firing couldn’t have happened at a worse time. This as “some people” were on the brink of losing their houses and cars. Commented the mole: “The sad part is that the presenters still have running contracts with the producers. “Unless they’re bought out of their contracts, there’ll be a huge fight.” Said SABC acting spokesperson Mmoni Seapolelo: “The SABC can confirm it is planning to have Trending SA back on our screens soon. Further details on this will be shared in due course.” Pabi was not available for comment.