MAMELODI Sundowns midfielder Sibusiso Vilakazi is grateful to be having an injury free season so far. The former Bidvest Wits star has not always been so lucky, often having to spend a lot of time on the sidelines due to knocks he receives. In October 2018, Vilakazi suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon while on duty for Bafana Bafana and as a result was ruled out for six months. The year before, the Soweto born star suffered a ligament injury which threatened to derail his season. This season, however, Vila has managed to stay injury free, something he was relishing before the coronavirus enforced break. “I have been blessed by not being injured this season, that was the setback previously,” Vilakazi told his club’s official website. “I am grateful for being injury-free, and when that happens the coaches will give you the opportunity, and I think I have done the job the best way I can. My priority has been to do my best to help the team. That is my motto this season. I believe I can get better once we resume football because Sundowns is a team determined to get more trophies.” Vilakazi, who has once again been key for the Brazilians as they look to defend their league title, is eager to get back to action. Sundowns are currently in second place on the Absa Premiership standings behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs who are four points ahead. But Downs have a match in hand. “I want to smell the grass again, get the feel of the ball on my boots, wear the training kit and going for it again and hearing the coach give us that pep-talk again, that we are back. Those are the things that I am looking forward to and to see how we go about the remaining games and the Nedbank Cup, that’s exciting,” added Vilakazi. “We thought by now we would be back doing what we do best, which is playing football. We thought things would get back to normal in terms of it being okay for us to go back, does it make sense and given the medical green light. But the positive side is of course the opportunity to bond with our families because we are away so much. “We participate in the Caf Champions League and that in itself takes so much time away from family, the beautiful side is seeing your children daily now. It’s how we test ourselves in Africa to see how far we can go, so it has the negative and the positive side.”