ON Thursday, it will be exactly a decade since the first ever Fifa World Cup was hosted on the African continent. Having a World Cup on African soil had been regarded as a myth. Fifa were criticised for “dumping their biggest cash cow and the biggest single sport spectacle in a rubbish bin”. Naysayers and pessimists attacked South Africa’s ability to pull it off from the first day the country was awarded the right to organise and host the event. They never believed in our ability. But it turned out to be one of the best World Cup tournaments ever. Ten years later, we are still patting ourselves on the back. We showed the world what a united South Africa can achieve. This is after nincompoops of the Western world and other so-called First World countries wrote us off. They cried out loud, spitting out more expletives about the Mother continent: “Africa doesn’t have facilities. Africa is laden with diseases and malaria. Africa is poverty-stricken and corrupt.” Pessimists were left with egg on their face after Fifa President Sepp Blatter made a sincere and flattering proclamation that 2010 spectacle was the most profitable in the history of Fifa. World Cup tournaments are special. It provided Mzansi with joy, infrastructure, renovated roads and overall improved infrastructure. There was also a major boon in the tourism sector. with hotels and accommodation of international standards. The old toppie next door also made a buck or two. They were able to sell beer to supporters, cook food for hungry football fans and a host of other money-spinning activities. Credit should go to the Local Organising Committee headed by Irvin Khoza and Danny Jordaan. From the bidding process, they zig-zagged Planet Earth in search of votes to bring the holy grail. Once they achieved that feat, with the help of a frail Nelson Mandela in Zurich in 2004, all was still not hunky-dory. Getting Mzansi ready was not pap en vleis. Building stadiums and getting them set for the games kept LOC employees awoke at night. Making government to give Fifa and sign various guarantees was also commendable. But in the end, it all came together and Mzansi celebrated. Pity about Bafana Bafana’s lethargic performance, but who can forget the most exquisite opening ceremony at Soccer City? How about the vuvuzela leaving your lips ripped and eardrums almost exploding? Memories of partying and drinking the whole night with strangers from Brazil, Germany, the US and off course thebeer-guzzling Pommies of England, will last forever. On the day of the final, when Nelson Mandela arrived to a raucous welcome and Spain won the trophy, we were tired. We had been overfed diski humdingers, worked and partied too hard, our voices were hoarse. We had been battered by the Bloemfontein cold, downed a gazillion litres of beer and had gobbled up too much mogodu, snoek fish and spykos. We were served and entertained, and just wanted to go home and sleep. But some of the foreign visitors didn’t want to go back home.A number of them is still here, having taken SA citizenship. Thank you for the memories!