ALMOST 100 years of Mzansi football history and tradition down the drain! That’s the collective feeling of former Wits University (Bidvest Wits) players, who played for The Students from the late 70s until the 90s – upon learning Wits had been sold and would be relocated to Venda – a year before the club turns 100. Former captain Rodney Anley, who played for the club during that golden era from 79 until 90, summed up the feelings of his former teammates and the demise of the country’s oldest club. Said Anley: “It’s a sad, sad day for Wits and South African football. We’re all gutted. I keep in touch with a lot of my former teammates as many of us remained friends after football, especially my buddy Brian Pomroy. It seems we’re witnessing 100 years go down the drain.” Peter Gordon, like Anley, is another Wits legend. He holds two records for the most appearances – 415 and 55 goals. Both showed the true grit, spirt and camaraderie that was at the core of Wits through the decades with their never-say-die attitude. I have a long history with Wits that, like Anley’s, it started in 1979 as a junior football reporter. I enjoyed much of that camaraderie. Back in the day there were no post-match press conferences. Reporters had to do what the job entailed – report, use your initiative and dig out stories. And were better than at the Wits clubhouse where the beers flowed like water after games, win or lose. I formed a friendship that has stretched 40 plus years with then Wits president Ronnie Schloss, who is still one of the best football administrators in the game. Schloss was the ad hoc barman after games. He was the best barman I knew as I can’t remember ever buying a round. A Wednesday night in 1985 under coach Mike Kenning, a former Wolves midfielder, sticks out when Wits beat Kaizer Chiefs at Ellis Park in the JPS Knockout final. Players, and their families headed back to the Milpark Stadium clubhouse to celebrate. I only wrestled my way out of the door around 5am, realising I had to start work at 10am. Top coaches such as the late Eddie Lewis, Kenning, John Lathan, Julie Kaplan, Joe Frickleton and Terry Paine helped Wits win trophies back in the day. Current coach Gavin Hunt did what others did not do by winning the league. Hunt led the Clever Boys to their first ever league win in 2016-17. Wits had real stars in their ranks, the likes of Gary Bailey of Manchester United and England fame. Richard Gough, who played for Tottenham Hotspur, captained Glasgow Rangers and Scotland, Eric Tinkler, who started as a teenage left back and became a Bafana Bafana midfield legend. Rodney Bush, one of the greatest midfielders of his era just to name a few. I also had a great relationship with then Wits chairman Raymond Hack who told me a former rival journalist was so upset that I kept “scooping” him with stories on Wits he refused to write about the club. That made my day! Some of the stars of yesteryear include crack goal-scorer Frank McGrellis, the Scotsman who bagged 29 goals in the 1985 season, Peter Frielick, Marc Moca, Davie Jacobs, Mike Ntombela, Mike Mangena, Harris Choeu, Kenneth “The Horse” Mokgojoa, Abel Shongwe and Zane Moosa. Apologies to those I’ve left out. Thanks for the memories!