CHIPPA United want coach Rhulani Mokwena OUT! This follows a fallout between the Chilli Boys bosses and Mokwena. According to SunSport sources, Mokwena has been unmanageable since he arrived earlier this year on loan from Orlando Pirates. Now the club want him out because he’s become problematic. Our source stated: “We can’t have Mokwena at our club, he’s a problem.” As SunSport reported, Chippa were alleged to be one of the clubs that started to train without getting a directive from the Premier Soccer League. Mokwena apparently requested players to report for training last week but players refused, suggesting that their safety was not assured. The PSL season was suspended in March due to the outbreak of the deadly coronavirus. “Mokwena suggested that players who didn’t attend the club’s sessions should be punished by having their salaries cut. The players came to us and said they did not feel safe attending those training sessions,” said our mole. “It’s a pain to run a football club. Chippa are paying players on time. We have not deducted anything from our players. “We also didn’t deduct the players’ salaries because of Covid-19. If we did, people will say horrible things about the club.” Our source also revealed that Mokwena is also demanding a three-year contract with Chippa beyond this suspended season. Our source also claims he wants R400 000 per month at Chippa. “We have not spoken to Pirates and how can he do this to us?” asked our mole. “We have become known as a club that fires coaches. If we fire him now, people will say Chippa (Siviwe Mpengesi, the club chairman) has once again started with his tendencies (to fire coaches). “We give these coaches too much freedom and then they feel untouchable. But we protect the coaches and at the end of the day they expose us,” added our source. Mokwena joined Chippa in March in bizarre circumstances when Pirates announced the move as a loan deal until the end of the season. Before that, the Buccaneers had said he was on leave, following the arrival of Josef Zinnbauer. The former Mamelodi Sundowns assistant coach has only been in charge of one game for Chippa – a 0-0 draw against Bidvest Wits in March before the Absa Premiership was stopped. Chippa COO Lukhanyo Mzizi declined to comment on the matter, while Mokwena’s phone rang unanswered.