 IT STARTED at a car wash when the booze started flowing like lockdown was just a bad dream. Then things got crazy as the boozers forgot about social distancing and dumped their masks. THEY TURNED UP THE MUSIC, FORGOT ABOUT LOCKDOWN, AND HAD THE MOTHER OF ALL PARTIES! It’s alleged it began at a popular car wash in Mamelodi, Tshwane on Sunday when a group of people, in total violation of regulations, started having some fun, and by the time night fell, the party was steaming. In a video circulating on social media, people are seen dancing and boozing and getting up close and personal. Clearly, the virus that has claimed so many lives around the world was not a worry for these party lovers. As the camera pans around the room from one side to the other, a man’s voice is heard saying people have had enough of lockdown. “People are tired, my brother. You see how packed it is here. They are tired of lockdown,” he said. In another video, people are seen gathered in a shelter, drinking, cheering and dancing to an amapiano song played by DJ who is also seen dancing behind the decks. Nobody is wearing a mask and there’s no such thing as social distancing. People on social media had a lot to say. Karabo Kgomo wrote: “I don’t know if people saw the news last night. Cape Town is preparing for the worst and digging mass graves. Cemeteries in Pretoria are next.” Neo Neyney Matila wrote: “It’s going to be bad in South Africa in the coming weeks. “They weren’t lying when they said we are a nation that doesn’t take anything seriously.” A man who was at the party said a friend called him on Sunday. “My friend said come to the car wash and when I got there, I found bright lights. The music was loud and cars were racing and the booze was flowing,” he said. He said nobody ever said what the party was about, but it looked as if it had been planned. “There were heaters and couches, and booze was being sold,” he said. “It looked like people had come from something like a funeral because many were wearing formal clothes. “I heard people saying that it wasn’t the first time this party was happening. People had their masks, but they were not wearing them.” He said there must have been more than 100 people there. “It didn’t feel like there was a pandemic, or we are still on lockdown. It was really fun,” he said. Daily Sun tried to find the owner of the venue, but with no success. National police spokesman Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo condemned actions of not respecting lockdown regulations. Naidoo said drinking alcohol was not allowed in public areas and that doing so was committing a crime. He said anyone found doing that during this time will be arrested. He encouraged people to report such cases to the police. “Consuming alcohol on a Sunday is not allowed at all, and also selling alcohol is not allowed as well,” he said. 