WITH Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa having given the green light for PSL and GladAfrica Championship clubs to return to training, there are more concerns whether the timing is right. South Africans woke up to news of the approval from the sports minister “considering the mitigation strategies and plans in relation to the Level-3 risk adjusted strategy in addressing the Covid-19 pandemic”. While still digesting Mthethwa’s thumbs up, Swallows FC chairman David Mogashoa confirmed that another Dube Birds player has tested positive for coronavirus, to escalate it to three. This was hot on the heels of TS Galaxy who became the first GladAfrica Championship side to confirm positive Covid-19 tests for their players, whom they claim all were not showing any symptoms. Mogashoa said they “ask that those who test positive are not stigmatised, but supported”. In his alert statement, Mogashoa said: “We would like to confirm that Swallows have one player who tested positive for Covid-19. The player is in good shape and we are following all protocols and giving necessary support to the team and the staff.” He further told SunSport: “It’s a bit stressful because we had two camps for social distancing before we can start going to training. This was to keep them at the same location. This is total concern because the games could be starting very soon. We need to quarantine these players and give them more time for retesting. We are worried because we have to move players around to different locations in order not to be infected by others.” Mogashoa further emphasised that the timing is not right for teams to return to training. “The timing is right because we are now into the winter season and there’s flu and other sicknesses that make your body weak,” he said. He said they cannot reveal names of the infected players without getting permission from their families. “Remember when you reveal names then those who were close to the players will be worried and stigmatised, which we don’t want, with people thinking others are infected because of the people they were close with. It is important that players give consent before we tell the media and other players.” He said they are waiting for the PSL go ahead to return to training, “which could be a day after tomorrow,” said Mogashoa. “Players are now in quarantine and they will not be going home,” he said while revealing they have three buses which the players will use. “They are safe but they will stay at a place where it will be safe from the virus, as they might be infected when they go home.” Two more Swallows players had tested positive bringing the total number to three, but the club says all protocols will be observed. Absa Premiership log leaders, Kaizer Chiefs, confirmed on Tuesday that two of their players also were infected by the deadly virus. Among other clubs who reported positive tests comprise Orlando Pirates, Kaizer Chiefs and Bloemfontein Celtic, as well as Stellenbosch FC.