KAIZER Chiefs better brace themselves for the all mighty test coming from Mamelodi Sundowns when the 2019-20 season resumes. This was a strong warning from Sundowns assistant coach Manqoba Mngqithi. He said they’ll go for the jugular in the second leg, after the Tshwane giants lost in the first round. As the league is halted, the PSL and Safa are at loggerheads at finding ways on how they can restart local football after it was suspended on 16 March due to the Covid-19 pandemic. However, when the league was stopped, Chiefs were at the summit of the Absa Premiership on 48 points from 22 games, four points ahead of reigning champions Sundowns who have a game in hand. If Sundowns win that match in hand, they’ll be one point behind Chiefs, making the last third of the season interesting. It will be worthy to see how the Soweto giants handle such pressure as Sundowns were able to pass it in the last two seasons, at the hands of Orlando Pirates. Mngqithi, who has won four league titles at the Tshwane giants, said that Chiefs will have to sweat blood to take the title. “I don’t want to lie to you. We are playing to win this league,” said Mngqithi, who like his head coach Pitso Mosimane, extended his contract for a further four years. “Chiefs don’t have a strength in depth to stop us. “They’ll just work extra hard to make us not to win it.” Chiefs defeated Sundowns 2-0 in the first round at Loftus Stadium in controversial fashion. “But if you ask me, can we still win this league this season? I say to you yes,” added Mngqithi. “Do you think we can win the league next season? I’d say yes. “Every season I believe we’ve got what it takes to win.” While Chiefs are still searching for their first trophy since they won the double in 2014-15 season under Stuart Baxter, Sundowns have already claimed one this season. They won the Telkom Knockout when they defeated Maritzburg United in December last year. They are in the semi-finals of the Nedbank Cup, where they’ll face Bidvest Wits. Mngqithi again didn’t mince his words on what he wants. “I dream about the treble, we want all of the trophies,” he said.