MAMELODI Sundowns team doctor Carl Tabane says he is not surprised by the increasing number of PSL players who are testing positive for Covid-19. “It was not going to be Kaizer Chiefs alone,” said Tabane. “Many clubs and players are going to be affected. The whole country is feeling the pandemic. So, I am not surprised about the numbers increasing because players do not live alone. They have family members and they go to the shops just like you and me.” But having said that, he mentioned Sundowns are ready and are just waiting for the whistle to restart their campaign and defend their Absa Premiership title and also win the Nedbank Cup. Tabane was also bold when he said the league has to be finished because only a few round of matches were left, and that Downs were still confident of defending their league title and also serious contenders to win the treble. He said: “We developed a medical protocol for the admin offices and also for the training facilities. Everyone (players and officials) at the club has gone through it. We’ve had inputs from health officials in terms of all the club’s training fields. Training will be staggered, with individual training or in small groups. We want to put the players at ease and to comply with government regulations. “If we receive players who are positive with Covid-19 when they come back, we will know exactly how to react and to deal with everything.” The former Bafana Bafana team doctor also mentioned that he was not too worried about the fitness levels of the players after a three-month lay-off due to the suspension of the PSL programme because of the virus. “The fitness may not be what we want, but no club can say they have reached a maximum fitness level. Inactivity can lead to poor performance and to some extent, increase the risk of injuries. Fifa is helping with the five substitution rule and that would be assist clubs in great deal. That’s where depth in the team will come handy. We do not have a lot of casualties in our list except for Thapelo Morena and Mauricio Affonso who are recovering beautifully,” he added.