SAFA on Sunday confirmed the sacking of vice-presidents - Ria Ledwaba and Gay Mokoena. In Saturday’s Extraordinary meeting at Safa House, the overwhelming majority of the NEC members expressed their disappointment in both vice-presidents  in their handling of Safa matters in the public domain and their engagement with third parties, according to a statement from Safa. "The NEC expressed their displeasure at the duo’s violation of Safa’s laid down internal processes and understood this as lack of confidence in the association’s constitutional and governance structures," Safa said. "It is on this basis that the NEC decided that the two vice-presidents should be removed and replaced. The Safa constitution guarantees that one woman, at the minimum, must be appointed as one of the vice-presidents and the association remains committed to promoting women in the decision-making structures. Safa’s promotion of women in governance structures of football is clearly demonstrated by ensuring, in all structures from LFAs to regional structures, that there is a high number of women representation." The NEC also confirmed the appointment of Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe as Safa CEO until December.  OTHER RESOLUTIONS: * Safa’s highest decision-making body decided that a Special Committee should be formed to engage the FAs of Russia, Qatar, Spain and England on a number of cooperation engagements. These include youth development, competitions, women football, schools football, referees, coaching and medical matters. * Safa Medical Officer, Thulani Ngwenya gave a full briefing on the impact of Covid-19 on the restart of play, both for professional and amateur football. It is in this context that the NEC decided that the Women's League be declared concluded and that the current league log standing, with a handful of matches to be played, be declared final."It is on this basis that Mamelodi Sundowns Women’s team is declared the League Champions for the inaugural 2019/20 season. The NEC further confirmed that JVW and MaIndies are both promoted to the SNWL for next season. *Ngwenya recommended that all other amateur leagues must remain suspended until the end of the lockdown or when the general environment is conducive to do so. This matter will be further revisited and discussed at a later stage.It was also reported that in the absence of official competitions in the Regions and LFAs which are similarly suspended, the phenomenon of social games has emerged in some parts of the country and it was emphasised that this is in violation of lockdown regulations and the authorities must act to avoid a spike in Covid-19 infections. 