THE Absa Premiership will not meet Fifa’s deadline of finishing the season by 31 July, if developments between the SA Football Association (Safa) and the Premier Soccer League (PSL) are to be used as yardstick. Word coming from yesterday’s National Soccer League’s (NSL) Board of Governors (BoG) meeting is that it’s back to square one when it comes to the resumption of football in the country. It is believed that Safa are sticking to their guns that football can only be played when President Cyril Ramaphosa downgrades the lockdown to Level 1, and anything aside from that will be going against government’s regulations. It’s believed that PSL clubs have already submitted their Covid-19 action plan and how they will be bringing back football safely, but Safa says Level 1, period. BoG members apparently left yesterday’s virtual meeting bitter that football could be forced to return mid-July, depending on when Ramaphosa moves the country to Level 1. With South Africa entering the winter season, it might take longer before government allows a downgrade to Level 1. “There is a deadlock here and businesses are suffering,” our source said yesterday. “It’s sad that the passionate football fans are forced to suffer because Safa want things to be done their own way, or no way.” Safa are custodians of football in the country and only they, through government, can dictate to the PSL when can football return. Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa has always preached that the PSL, headed by Irvin Khoza, and Safa, under the presidency of Danny Jordaan, must speak in one voice. “There are technicalities that Safa is coming up with, which could see us miss the 31 July date. This date would have made everything it easy for everyone, but unfortunately the PSL must oblige.” Again SunSport understands that there was been an agreement during Monday’s joint liaison committee meeting that both parties took a position collectively to wait for government. Safa chief executive Tebogo Motlanthe yesterday said only the minister can decide. “People must not jump the gun,” he said. “We will take guidance from government. The minister told us to consider lives before economy. Under Level 3, football cannot be played. “Fifa said respective governments across the world must take decisions, and we’re no exception.” Abandoning the season is not an option. There is a lot at stake with eight rounds of matches left before successfully completing the season. “Clubs have already fumigated their facilities and put plans in place to be compliant. “Hopefully the process might be sped up and next week we might hear something from government,” said the official.