THE family of Nkosingiphile Nkambule (26) is still reeling in shock after she died in a fire allegedly set by her boyfriend. Zodwa died trying to save her six-year-old daughter who was trapped inside the burning house. Uncle Thabo Motau (42) said the boyfriend first tried to throttle the young girl to prevent her from screaming before setting the room alight. The incident happened in Buhlebesizwe near Kwaggafontein, Mpumalanga, last Thursday. Thabo from Kwaggafontein told Daily Sun that the boyfriend set the house on fire in the middle of the night. He said the boyfriend woke up Nkosingiphile and told her the house was burning. Thabo said the motive behind the incident is that his niece was called for an interview in a company where she and her boyfriend both submitted their CVs. He said an argument ensued between them. “When my niece woke up, the house was already on fire. Her boyfriend went outside and shouted for help. When the community gathered, he ran away. Nkosingiphile tried to run away but remembered that her child was still inside. She returned back and searched for her in the blaze. She managed to save her daughter. Nkosingiphile was then rushed to hospital as she suffered severe burn wounds. “My niece did not survive as she was in a very critical condition. She succumbed to the burn wound and died in hospital. Luckily her little girl is still alive and well. The family is very distraught by this act. We discovered that the motive behind all this is that both of them were hunting for jobs. My niece was called for an interview by the company where they both submitted their CVs. “The boyfriend did not like the fact that Nkosingiphile was called for an interview. He became angry and decided to act evil. We were expecting a lot from her and now we will be left with the burden of raising her little girl who also has to grow up without a mother,” he said. Chief of the area, Gija Mahlangu, said this incident is very sad and men need to be called to a workshop where they will be taught about their role in society. “Men are supposed to protect their families, not kill them. This has become a scourge and men need to be taught about their role in the society. They must protect and love their families,” he said. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi confirmed the incident and said the suspect has been arrested and will appear in the Mkobola Magistrates Court on Friday for a formal bail application.