BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic bounced back from the jaws of defeat to hold relegation haunted AmaZulu to a 2-2 draw in an Absa Premiership match played at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Monday. Usuthu were eager to grab their first win since the resumption of the season in a bid to avoid the relegation axe hovering above their heads. They drew goalless with Baroka FC in their opening match and that was followed by a 2-1 defeat to Bidvest Wits last Friday. maZulu caretaker coach Ayanda Dlamini was hoping his charges will regain the form that saw his side register a famous 1-0 win over Soweto giants and current log leaders Kaizer Chiefs in March before the season was stopped due to coronavirus. Dlamini replaced Jozef Vukusic whose contract was terminated last week after being put on special leave in March due to reasons management refused to reveal to the public. On the other hand, Celtic were aiming to continue with their impressive run under coach John Maduka that saw them maintain a 100 percent league record so far. Siwelele thrashed Chiefs 3-1 last Wednesday having drawn 1-1 with SuperSport United in their first match. The Free State side have exceeded expectations as they have also secured their place in the Nedbank Cup final where they will take on Tshwane giants Mamelodi Sundowns. Dlamini made five changes to the side that lost to Wits as he dropped his keeper/assistant Moeneeb Josephs from the No 1 spot with Siyabonga Mbatha getting the nod. He also preferred striker Lehlohonolo Majoro upfront alongside Bonginkosi Ntuli having impressed against Wits. His counterpart, Maduka retained the same starting line-up that gave them three points at the expense of Amakhosi. Majoro, wasted no time as he broke the deadlock in the 6th minute to give his side the lead. Usuthu looked to double their lead following a series of attacks, but they could not convert chances they created. Celtic levelled matters just before halftime via Motebang Sera who grabbed his third goal in two matches having helped to demolish Chiefs. Usuthu never gave up the fight and restored their lead in the 63rd minute when Celtic defender Wandisile Letlabika scored an own goal while trying to clear the ball to safety. However, their mistake jolted Siwelele into the game and their efforts were paid-off in the 70th minute when striker Ndumiso Mabena made it 2-2 to ensure they maintain their unbeaten record.  