ORLANDO Pirates midfielder Fortune Makaringe hopes to be fortunate when his side host Bidvest Wits at Emirates Airline Park Stadium on Saturday (6pm). Pirates have not had the rub of the green against The Students this season, who will cease to exist at the end of this delayed season due to the deadly outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic. Bucs, who are third on the table on 41 points from 24 matches, lost 4-3 in the reverse fixture in a highly entertaining match played at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium in September. Then these two sides met again in the Nedbank Cup first round and Gavin Hunt’s side won 3-2 on penalty shoot outs after the game finished 3-3 in 120 minutes at Orlando Stadium in February. “We need to go there and score because you only win games by scoring goals,” said Makaringe during the club’s online press conference. “Hopefully we’ll be fortunate this time around.” Bucs’ scoring problems have been evident in the last four matches. Bucs have not scored in those games since the Ke Yona Cup cracking match against the very self-same Wits. They won with own goals against Black Leopards when Thabiso Mokoena turned the header in his own net in February in what was Pirates last win before losing to Kaizer Chiefs and drawing against Golden Arrows before the season was suspended in mid-March. When the season restarted last week, Bucs looked sharper, well-conditioned and first to everything against Mamelodi Sundowns on Tuesday which ended in a goalless. It came as a kind of surprise as contact training, according to the PSL NSL Covid-19 protocols, was only allowed in the third week in July as the first week sessions were staggered with a maximum of five outfield players (excluding goalkeepers), while the second week was maximum of ten outfield players (excluding goalkeepers) – minor contact (5v5). Makaringe, who almost ended the scoring barren of Pirates when he hit the upright against Masandawana, says the weekend camp away in Mpumalanga was helpful. “I need to give credit to Orlando Pirates family, staff, management for thinking deep in making sure that we get back to our fitness quickly after such a long period,” revealed Makaringe. 