THE lawyer of five men, who were bust for allegedly chopping off the leg of a boy (13) with a panga for muthi, has argued in court to at least remove the case off the roll and release them. The men, aged 21 and 33, have been in jail since October last year facing kidnapping and attempted murder charges. They appeared again in the Mhala Magistrates Court today. State prosecutor Musa Makhubela said the court hasn’t yet receive the DNA test results from the forensic lab in order for the matter to stand on trial. “Several attempts have been made with the forensic lab for DNA test results in order for the matter put in trial. This matter has long been in the roll and it is unfortunate as this is beyond our control. Our wish is to make and put the matter to rest. So it is our humble request to this court we make that a final remand be granted. There is a leg that has been taken for forensic lab for DNA test,” said Makhubela. Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Isabel Sibuyi told court that so far there’s no response from the forensic lab. “We haven’t heard from the forensic lab yet about the victim’s leg, blood and the blood stained overall taken on the scene for the DNA test in November last year,” said Sergeant Sibuyi. But the suspects’ lawyer Eric Mashele argued that the matter has long been on the roll and his clients must be released. “We apply this matter be removed from the roll pending the DNA test results. This matter has long been in court since last year, and my clients were denied bail since January after they were arrested in October last year,” said Mashele. The boy (13) was lucky to survive and is being kept under protection. This after he was allegedly kidnapped by the five who chopped his leg using panga by placing it over a large stone down in the bushes at Athol Village in the Bushbuckridge area, Mpumalanga, on 31 October last year. His badly decomposed leg was recovered by cops at the back of the Thulamahashe Plaza after it was pointed out by some suspects. Two weeks ago the same court only granted R1 000 bail to one of the suspects. Magistrate Tanya Du Preez said: “This is a final postponement until 22 September for the investigation to be completed.”