BET Africa has confirmed that it will no longer air a controversial
interview with comedian TallAssMo and his wife Mome which was hosted by Pearl
Thusi. The TV channel came under fire on Saturday morning under Pearl
had announced that she would interview Mo and asked the public to send her
questions. The SunTeam has reported extensively on the rape allegations
and charges opened by model Lerato Moloi against TallAssMo,whose real name is
Mongezi Mahlangu. Moloi had initially tweeted about the rape detailing that it
happened in 2014 in the Western Cape. Mo then sent lawyers to force to delete the tweets. When she didn’t Lerato was arrested for contempt of court. BET came under a lot of fire from Twitter users who included
some figures in the entertainment industry who expressed their shock at the channel
wanting to air the interview as part of the ‘Behind The Story’ series. It was revealed also that Lerato had been invited to be part
of the show but declined.  Please dont lie. Yesterday we spoke with your VP. We expressed our concerns, it was stated that lerato invited prior to the promo, she confirmed that no contact was made. Yesterday a further invite went out out to join the conversation SHE DECLINED!!! https://t.co/JioKpKiYDS  The channel tweeted yesterday , “BET Africa and Behind The
Story support the ongoing fight against Gender Based Violence. We are
continuously creating content and using our platforms to amplify positive
urgent change in attitudes and behaviours towards this sensitive issue.”  Thread:BET Africa and Behind The Story support the ongoing fight against Gender Based Violence. We are continuously creating content and using our platforms to amplify positive urgent change in attitudes and behaviors towards this sensitive issue. pic.twitter.com/sWlmXXUObo  Pearl Thusi was also accused of being insensitive by
conducting the interview. She defended her actions in a series of tweets which she has
now deleted. In one tweet she compared American TV journalist Gayle King’s
interview with disgraced R&B star R Kelly. Pearl tweeted a response to a Twitter user , “where were you
when Gayle King? When 3rd Degree goes to prisons and interviews murderers?
I’m an activist but that doesn’t mean I’m a judge.”   The hashtag #IBelieveLeratoMoloi was dominant today.   I believe Lerato Moloi https://t.co/d66Ty5T5oo   BET then tweeted this evening that they were pulling the interview completely.  BET Africa confirms that the Tol Ass Mo and Mome interview from the upcoming new season of Behind the Story with Pearl Thusi will not be aired on the channel out of respect for the current environment, legal proceedings and the basis of impartiality.  