POLOKWANE City coach Clinton Larsen has admitted that his side’s latest defeat to Absa Premiership leaders Kaizer Chiefs was a tough pill to swallow. Rise and Shine, who are desperately trying to avoid relegation this season, did not do themselves any favours when they let a two goal lead slip and fell to a 3-2 loss at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Saturday. The victory, which was well within their sights until the 70th minute, would have gone a long way in helping the Limpopo side sneak out of danger. But they failed to hang on and sit second from bottom with 23 points from 25 matches. Larsen, though, is not dwelling too much on the negatives and would rather take the positives out of their encounter against Chiefs, their first match since the restart. He believes his side can still avoid the dreaded drop if they play the way they did for the better part of their encounter against Chiefs. “It was a disappointing result but for an hour I was very pleased with what I saw from the team,” said Larsen. “I thought we should have gone into half-time at least three or four goals to the good and if you don’t take your chances against a team like Chiefs then you will live to regret it. “But I’m proud of my team, so many teams are complaining about not having rhythm and we had no such problems. “There were a lot of positives to take from the match and I think the positives we saw will hold us in good stead for the remaining five matches of the season. “The bottom of the log will change with every game, we don’t look at that now it’s just a matter of ensuring we get points in the next games. We believe seven points in the last five matches will be enough.” Larsen, who has previously saved Chippa United from the same position, believes Rise and Shine have too much quality to go down. “I strongly believe we have enough in our arsenal to get the points we need to survive,” added Larsen. “I’m very confident and yes the six-pointers are must-wins, not just for us but for the opponents as well so those are games that are not negotiable. We have to win them if we have any chance of surviving.”