 ONCE AGAIN, Prophet Shepherd Bushiri has been accused of rape and other deeds. But the prophet has come out with both guns blazing, accusing individuals, the media and even the Hawks of extortion. “THEY HAVE BEEN TRYING TO MILK ME AND I’M TIRED OF IT!” SAID BUSHIRI. Yesterday the leader of the Enlightened Christian Gathering named and shamed on Facebook. He spoke about a series of allegations against him that have put him in the spotlight. The controversial prophet said people have been trying to milk him of money and that it was a scheme developed against him. This was after TV channel e.tv interviewed both women accusing the prophet on a number of serious contraventions of the law. But Bushiri claimed that for three years he has been dealing with people who are coming to him claiming money. He said for three years, he and his team have been dealing with extortion from Hawks and journalists. In a statement released by his spokesman, Ephraim Nyondo, an officer belonging to the Hawks whose name is known to Daily Sun has been accused of intimidating women and children to come up with false rape allegations against Bushiri. “This has been done together with members of the media. “This woman demands money from us, the supposed victims demand money from us,” he said. “Even shameless journalists demand money from us.” He said the woman has been running an extortion syndicate against him by sending girls to him to demand money. “And when we didn’t give them money, she told the girls to go public and accuse us of raping them,” said Bushiri. He said he has reported the matter to several state institutions since 2018. “There has been no action!” he said. He further said the female officer was working with Sanco and has recruited more girls to accuse him of rape. “Some of these girls came to us secretly, demanding amounts ranging from R50 000 to R2 million to stop the story from being aired,” he said. “We told them we are not giving them a single coin. “This time we want to show you the power of money and justice.” He said they warned every party involved in this syndicate that he has overwhelming evidence of all their doings. “A serious legal suit will follow and we will fight,” said Bushiri. Sanco’s Abram Mashishi, who is named in the video, told Daily Sun that two women came to him seeking help. “They claimed Bushiri had raped them in 2017 and the police have not yet acted on it. “So they approached e.tv for assistance but Bushiri’s lawyers are threatening e.tv as well,” he said. A woman speaking exclusively to the e.tv NewsSA accused Bushiri of rape. In its twitter page, the channel posted a 30 second video clip interviewing the woman. She said: “When I got home I cried. He said don’t tell anyone. if you tell anyone, my God will kill you.” She said Bushiri sent his people to convince her not to report the matter. She said she felt that Bushiri could not get arrested because he is rich. Bushiri warned to take legal steps. Hawks Spokesman Brigadier Hungwani Mulaudzi said they were not aware of the allegations. He said Bushiri should open a case against those implicated. e.tv had not responded at the time of going to print. 