ALL informal settlements in Mamelodi need to be relocated to permanent stands and in places of safety. According to the residents in the informal settlements they are aware of hardships and dangers which they experienced last year December during the floods in Mamelodi, Tshwane. The residents of 77 Buffer Lake near Eeste Fabrieke Station and Marikana wants to be relocated now before it starts raining as they don't want to find themselves in the same situation as last year where the residents lost everything and shacks were swept away by water. Many residents who are victims of floods marched to Mamelodi Municipality Offices to hand over a memorandum of demand. Mandla Mahlangu (47), a community leader at 77 Buffer Lake said the march was all about sending grievances to the authority. "The Tshwane Administrator said all informal settlements residents should be relocated to permanent stands in Mooiplaas in eat of Tshwane. "We want to know when we are moving to our new places as any time it can rain."We are living in fear of the because when it starts getting cloudy, we remember what happened to us last year. "The municipality must tell us when we are leaving to Mooiplaas and that must be before rain season." He said. Mandla also said they are pleading with the municipality to involve them in the developments of the relocation of people. "We are begging the municipality to treat all informal settlements equal and the inkandla informal settlement in B3 in Mamelodi West should not be left behind," he said. Mandla said the residents are giving municipality seven days to respond to their grievances, if they fail to respond we will build our shacks at the municipality offices in Mamelodi West. Another community leader Vusi Sibiya (24) said the residents demand the speeding up of the relocation of people to new stands. "Please, the municipality give us time frame of when  we leaving to the our new places. We are struggling to sleep especially now that we are approaching the rain season," he said. Vickson Mabunda (39) from Marikana said residents are not feeling happy to be still in the flood line places. "We will march to the Union Buildings if we don't get response from the municipality," he said. The residents said the memorandum was received by deputy director in human settlements section unit region 6, Mandla Skudla. The residents said Skundla promised to respond to them within three days from Monday. Tshwane Administrator Mpho Nawa said: "The City is busy relocating people and asked residents to be patient." 