POLICE in Cape Town are on the hunt for a man in connection with the murder of a 22-year-old Philippi woman, Nomvuzo Atoli. Nyanga cops are asking the public to assist them to find Sive Mavesta Mpafa of Browns Farm. This was after Atoli’s body was found with serious injuries at a dumpsite last Thursday. “Sive Mavesta Mpafa is being sought to assist with an investigation on the murder of 22-year-old Nomvuzo Atoli, whose body was found dumped at a dumping site on Thursday behind Siyanyanzela informal settlement in Browns Farm. It is alleged Mpafa was the last person to be seen with the deceased in the evening before her body was found,” said police spokesman Captain Frederick van Wyk. Earlier this week, residents were gatvol that the suspect was seen on the streets days after Nomvuzo’s death and cops were not doing anything about it. Community leader Nhlanhla Kamuteni said: “We feel like police have let us down. It’s nearly a week since Nomvuzo was murdered and nothing has been done so far. The killer has not been arrested and is roaming on our streets. The community knows who killed Nomvuzo, but police still have not made any arrests, which is something that’s bothering us as community leaders.” Meanwhile, cops are also looking for Thobela Zibaya in connection with the murder of a 24 year-old woman, who was killed in Nyanya two weeks ago.  “Thobela Zibaya is also sought to assist with investigation on a murder case of Siziphiwe Mpahleni (24), who was allegedly shot on 15 August this year in Bush Street, Nyanga. It is alleged the deceased was in a vehicle with friends when a suspect fired a shot and the occupants in the car ran into different directions. It is alleged the suspect followed the victim and shot her. She was rushed to a medical facility and later succumbed to the injuries she had sustained,” Van Wyk added. The police is appealing to anyone who might have information, or the whereabouts of the suspects to contact the investigating officer Detective Sergeant Mlonyeni on 083 719 3621 or 021 380 3304/3320, or Detective Captain Pakaman on 079 880 9902/ 082 469 2470 and alternatively CrimeStop at 08600 10111.