SPORT, Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa’s second wave of coronavirus relief grants has left artists divided. Cultural and Creative Industries Federation president Joy Mbewana welcomed the announcement. “Lockdown has actually brought the minister and his department to the sector. As a union, we are happy because decisions were not randomly taken. He engaged with us,” she said. “This is a huge step in the right direction. Previously, there were no systems in place. It has forced the department to improve its systems. “The technology within the department has improved to a degree that fraudsters can easily be picked up and disqualified.” However, Vicky Sampson of the Trade Union for Musicians, said their members didn’t benefit in the first wave. MINNIE DLAMINI SLAMMED! “Of course we will study and react to the detailed contents around qualification criteria, amounts and channels of distribution. However, We are once again astounded at the total disregard for proper consultation with labour and other very important components of the creative sector,” she said in a statement. “Unless the minister can find a way to engage with us directly to meaningfully and sustainably resolve these issues, we unfortunately can only see a long struggle ahead until the legitimate demands of our musicians are met.” Jazz artist Sibongile Mngoma of I’m4theArts said from the start, the process had been flawed. “I’m4theArts is grateful for positives in these trying times. As Sibongile Mngoma, however, I disagree completely with the modus operandi of the department. “They cannot keep doing the same things and expecting different results,” he said. “Their processes are still flawed and this second wave is going to encounter problems like the first wave. Nothing is well thought out. If they wanted real input, they would have accepted our help, which is freely available. But they seem to enjoy being the black sheep of the South African family.” South African Music Industry Council chairman Stanley Khoza said the council would be meeting to discuss the matter.