ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer said it is important that other strikers score goals while his leading striker Gabadinho Mhango is going through a dry spell. The German-born coach was relieved to see Zakhele Lepasa stepping up to the plate to guide Pirates to a 2-1 win over SuperSport United at Emirates Airline Park Stadium on Saturday. Lepasa, who made his name for scoring a winning penalty against Kaizer Chiefs in the Nedbank Cup final last season when he was on loan to TS Galaxy, scored in the 58th minute in what turned out to be the winning goal against Matsatsantsa A Pitori. It was Lepasa’s first touch in the game when he replaced Mhango. Pirates should also be thankful to their veteran goalkeeper Wayne Sandilands. The 37-year-old saved Pirates’ blushes by saving two penalties from Bradley Grobler and Thamsanqa Gabuza. The win saw Bucs end a six-game winless streak having drawn four and lost two. The Soweto giants moved to fourth on the table on 46 points from 28 games, one point adrift of third-placed SuperSport. “We need players to come in a game. Lepasa was looking very good in our last training session and came on and helped us (win),” said Zinnbauer. Mhango, who leads the scoring chart with 14 goals along with Highlands Park striker Peter Shalulile, has not scored since netting twice against Chippa United at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in February. The duo are one goal ahead of AmaZulu’s Bongi Ntuli, Grobler, Knox Mutizwa (Golden Arrows) and Samir Nurkovic (Kaizer Chiefs) in the race for the Lesley Manyathela Golden Boot award. “This is what you want as a coach that when you need other players to give you the performance,” added Zinnbauer. “It was lucky because it was maybe his (Lepasa’s) first or second touch (and he scored) but you need luck in football to win games.” Pirates are next in action when they “visit” Maritzburg United at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday (6pm). They will conclude their season “at home” when they host Stellenbosch FC at Emirates Airline Park on Saturday.