FORMER finance minister Malusi Gigaba’s wife, Norma, made a brief appearance in the Hatfield Magistrates Court in Tshwane yesterday. She was arrested by the Hawks on Friday and released on R5 000 bail the next day. Norma’s case was remanded to 14 September for further investigations and transferred to the Pretoria Magistrates Court. ALSO READ:GIGABA'S WIFE ARRESTED According to Norma’s attorney, Victor Nkhwashu, she faced charges of malicious damage to property and crimen injuria. “My client was traumatised and shaken after spending the night in jail,” said Nkhwashu. “She was coughing a bit when we fetched her on Saturday, but managed to come to court today. I commend her for that.” ALSO READ:WATCH: NORMA GIGABA ARRIVES AT COURT! Norma arrived in court wearing a stylish black suit. She was accompanied by legal heavyweights advocates Thembeka Ngcukaitobi and Dali Mpofu. On the Hawks making the arrest, Nkhwashu said they brought senior counsel to challenge the decision of involving them. “We also want to challenge the issue of obtaining her arrest warrant,” he said. “The arrest shouldn’t have happened. She was supposed to be summoned to appear in court. “We’ll take the matter to the high court to have the warrant of arrest set aside.” Norma’s arrest came after a video did the rounds on social media of a Mercedes-Benz G63 being vandalised. Her husband is allegedly behind the arrest. Brenda Madumise, director of the advocacy organisation Wise 4 Africa, said they’d write a letter to President Cyril Ramaphosa asking why the Hawks arrested a woman facing charges of malicious damage to property and crimen injuria.  Madumise said her organisation won’t let politics interfere with the case. She said it was unacceptable for law enforcement tasked with priority crime to handle what appears to be a domestic issue, which local police could have handled. “If South Africans are not outraged and enraged by that then we are in trouble,” she said. Many people on social media were stunned by Mpofu and Ngcukaitobi presence in court. ¦ @Nxuba_Rhudulu said: “Are they representing her pro-bono? These two must be highly expensive.” ¦ @_Zenanu1 said: “Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.” ¦ @HulisaniThabela said: “This is going to be an interesting case. A lot more will come out of this and wouldn’t be surprised if there is a tell-all book on the way.” .