SuperSport United captain Ronwen Williams says they are excited to call the Bidvest Stadium their new home for the reminder of the PSL season. The Tshwane giants will share the stadium with Baroka FC. Williams is confident that it will be a happy hunting ground for Matsatsantsa A Pitori as they look to finish the season on a high. United, who already have a trophy to show for their exploits this season in the form of the MTN 8, still have an outside chance of winning the league. That, however, would take some doing as they are currently in third place, eight points adrift of leaders Kaizer Chiefs who have played two games less. Speaking to his clubs website, Williams said they are ready to push themselves hard for their final six matches of the season having had over three months of rest. “We are definitely relieved to know that we will be playing soon, we have been working very hard and can’t wait to get back to doing what we love,” said Williams. “There is lots of excitement going around and happy faces under the circumstances we are all facing. “Our new temporary venue Bidvest stadium has been very good to us over the past few years, it’s an announcement that brought joy to us as players. “The players are looking very hungry and sharp so hopefully we take that into our remaining games and continue having favourable results at Bidvest stadium.” Williams said the players are getting the hang of working under the new regulations brought about by the Coronavirus. He added that the club had worked extremely hard in the player’s fitness over the past few weeks that they have been able to train together. “Everyone has adapted to the new normal, all players are looking stronger and ready for resumption of the league,” added Williams. “Our players and staff members that have been affected by COVID19 have recovered and followed all necessary protocols and have joined us, and we are glad to have them with us. “The players’ fitness levels are very good, the first two weeks was our main focus and all players have done exceptionally well and have grown from strength to strength each day. “Our technical team keeps us updated with all the information daily and they encourage us to continue to follow proper protocols as we don’t want to go into battle without any of our soldiers.”