HE used to have many girlfriends, but when he found himself lonely he went to a sangoma to buy a money rat. Then it turned against him. Victor Mlangeni (39) from Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni, said the rat has ruined his life. Victor, a cashier at a retail store, asked a friend about getting a rat, but the friend advised against it. “But I wasn’t willing to give up on my quick cash plan,” he said. Victor got the rat from a sangoma in the Joburg CBD. “I wasn’t even scared of what the rat might do to me,” said Victor. He was told to feed the animal three times a day and paid R1 700 for his expensive money machine.  After less than a week, he said, his lovers started dumping him. The first lady, who’d been with him for two years, said she wanted a man who had money. “I was shocked. She never had a problem with me being a cashier,” he said.  And the rat wasn’t producing any money. Instead his girlfriends left him. “The sangoma said I’d start getting money after a week,” he said. “When I called him he said there was something in my life blocking the money, but should give the rat more time. I waited for six months.” He decided to take the rat back and asked his friend to give him a lift, but when they got there the sangoma’s place was a hair salon.  Victor threw away the rat, but his ladies never came back and he’s been single for two years and nine months. His friend Xolani Mthembu (35) said he warned Victor about the rat. Xolani said: “When I advised against it he acted like he was going to take my advice, but when he sets his mind on something he goes for it. I hope he’s learnt his lesson.” Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi said he’s aware of money rats and stressed that it’s scam. He said he always tells people not to fall for them, but a lot don’t listen. “I’ve dealt with many clients who lost their partners because they wanted to get quick cash. “These things don’t work. Most of the time you’ll find them being sold in the Joburg CBD, never by sangomas or gobelas in ekasi.” He said Victor could come see him.