Zodwa Wabantu’s ex boyfriend has been exposed as a "trickster". This after Audi has distanced themselves from the purchase of an Audi R8. According to the sales manager for Audi Centre in Durban, Phana Mzimela, the whole thing was staged, strange and misleading. In mid July, Audi Centre Durban congratulated Vusi on buying an Audi R8. Vusi later posted the congratulatory messages from Audi, as well as video clips. In one of the video clips, Vusi can be seen walking inside Audi as if to pick up his car. He tagged Audi Centre Duran and captioned one of the photos, “I remember the day I didn’t have R8 to catch a taxi to school.” “Vusi is not our client. He never bought the car, he never signed any documents with us. Everything including the pictures and videos that he took were staged. He did this with the help of our sales representative. They even used delivery pictures to make the whole thing legit. Vusi later posted these on his Instagram account. We don’t know how did he do all of this. Our stance on this matter is that, Vusi never bought the Audi R8 and we have no contract with him. We are following internal processes to deal with the salesman,” said Phana. He said that customers visit their dealership and take pictures all the time, but this time around things went horribly wrong. "The whole thing is strange and misleading because Vusi and the salesman used delivery pictures, yet there was no purchase at all," he said. An inside source told Daily Sun that when Audi saw Zodwa Wabantu’s rant on social media, they called her and tried to legitimise the deal. “Zodwa Wabantu has a relationship with Audi Centre Durban. Even last year Zodwa was temporarily sponsored by them for the Durban July. This year Zodwa was planning to tag Vusi along to the VDJ but then lockdown happened. Vusi knew all of this, he then approached the same car dealership and presented himself as Zodwa’s boyfriend. That is how he fooled the salesman and staged those pictures,” said the source. “When Audi saw Zodwa Wabantu’s rant on social media they called her into their Durban offices and tried to legitimize the deal. They asked her to make another video and tell her fans that she is at Center Audi Durban and pretend as if everything is fine, but Zodwa refused saying she is not going to protect Audi’s brand. They offered to drive her around but again Zodwa refused saying she was never part of Vusi’s scam and she will not help them in their PR stunt,” said the source. The source said that Vusi was also called in for a meeting by Audi, but he refused to meet them. “He was then asked to delete the photos, but he has only delete one where he was being congratulated by Audi,” said the source. Zodwa Wabantu confirmed the meeting with Audi but said she cannot divulge details of the meeting. “I can confirm that I was called in by Audi on the Vusi matter but I cannot disclose the details of the meeting,” said Zodwa Wabantu. Meanwhile, Vusi told the public that there is no case against him, but Daily Sun can confirm that a case in terms of Telecommunication Act was opened. Captain Nqobile Gwala said: “The complainant alleged that a known suspect hacked her social media account as well as her email address. A case in terms of Telecommunication Act was opened at Empangeni Police Station for investigation.” Speaking to Daily Sun, Vusi said he has a working relationship with Audi: "I then wrote a proposal asking them to assist my digital company to do the campaign. They agreed. "But Audi also requested me to assist them to sell that Audi R8. They said it had been with them for two years. With the assistance of the salesman we staged the photoshoot and the car was eventually sold, " he said. He said no paper work or contracts were signed. "We felt there was no need to formalise the agreement," he said. 