Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane was delighted to see his side draw level with Kaizer Chiefs at the top of the Absa Premiership table, but admits the Championship race is still very much in the balance. Gaston Sirino scored the only goal as Sundowns claimed a 1-0 victory over Chiefs at the Orlando Stadium to move level on 53 points, though the AmaKhosi have a superior goal-difference with three rounds to play. "We played two different halves. We made it difficult for ourselves in the first half,” Mosimane says. “I think Anele [Ngcongca] could have scored or crossed the ball over there and Gaston faced the goalkeeper and didn't know what he wanted to do. “Those two moments, those are goals, that's where we made it difficult. Ok unlucky Lebo [Maboe] there, he should have scored. The score could have been different. "But we survived. We responded to what the question was and what was the question? To launch [high balls]. Because they always launch. So if the ball is launched and they put [Erick] Mathoho there, we also put people who can take the ball out. “And if you close the sides then it's okay, then [Anthony] Akumu can have the ball, and also [Yagan] Sasman will launch it. We managed to deal with their strengths, which is aerial balls. Corner-kicks that have been traumatising the whole league. And that's it. What else? There's nothing more to this game.” Sundowns finish their league season against three relegation-threatened Limpopo sides in the form of Baroka FC (Sunday), Polokwane City (Wednesday) and then Black Leopards (September 5). "You don't want to face those teams. If you see where those teams are on the log. You don't want to play those teams. If you want to know about Polokwane, you should watch the game against Kaizer Chiefs. Our programme is tough. "And by the way, we're not top of the log, they [Chiefs] are still there. So these guys have points and they've got the goals, so now we have to work against the goals, which is very difficult, you know so it's still in their hands, it's not in our hands.”