PREMIER Soccer League (PSL) chairman Dr Irvin Khoza has proposed date for the 2020-21 season and confirmed dates for the upcoming transfer window period. The league will resume this weekend to complete the 2019-20 campaign which was halted by the outbreak of the coronavirus in March. Khoza addressed a televised press conference on Friday where he announced that the 2020-21 season will kick-off on 9 October, after the completion of the current unfinished campaign. The current season is expected to come to an end in September with the Nedbank Cup final being played on Tuesday‚ 8 September. The promotion/ relegation play-offs between the second and third placed GladAfrica Championship sides‚ and the second-last Premiership team will start on September 6 and end on September 21. "The start of the season is presumed to be the 9 October; the commencement of the new PSL season," Khoza said. He also confirmed that the transfer window be officially open on 2 September until 17 October with the mid-season transfer opening for a month between 1 February to 1 March 2021. He stated: "The registration window for the PSL, as agreed by the executive committee, it will be 2nd of September to the 17th of October, that is the first window. "The second window will be the 1st of February 2021 to the 1st of March 2021."It is still not clear if the new season will also be played under the biologically safe environment as the completion of the current campaign. The chairman could not confirm as they wait for further directives to be issued by government on the national lockdown. Khoza said: " The bubble is an expensive thing to have, that's why we said that the application of the BSE is going to assist us as to whether it will be a template for the future or not." "For now we can't say anything because we don't know what the government is figuring out in terms of the lockdown levels or the sensitivity and severity of the pandemic. "We will wait and see at that particular time October and come up with a strategy to mitigate whatever has been presented to us, for us to go forward and continue with the games." 