KAIZER Chiefs coach, Ernst Middendorp, has described the suspension of his bustling top goal scorer, Samir Nurkovic as “painful”. Nurkovic, who has scored 13 league goals for Chiefs, picked his fourth Absa Premiership booking in their 1-1 draw against Stellenbosch FC in a match played at Orlando Stadium on Sunday. Middendorp’s got every right to feel the pain of losing his top goal scorer this season, as they face fellow title contenders Mamelodi Sundowns in a do-or-die top of the table clash at Orlando Stadium on Thursday. Knowing that he was walking on the thin ice, the German-coach kept the powerful striker from his starting line against the Stellies, seemingly to save him from any cards, but unfortunately he was flashed with his fourth yellow. However, Middendorp was forced to introduce him in 27th minute after Leonardo Castro, who picked a groin strain, only to risk him for the Downs match. “It’s a huge loss, there’s no doubt about it,” said Middendorp about his forceful striker. “At the moment we must look at finding solutions. But let me try and find solution inside the squad in the way that we can strategise, but it is very painful for me and for us as a club.” Without Nurkovic, Chiefs will not only miss his bullishness in the field, but his goal scoring prowess too. He scored twice when Chiefs defeated Sundowns 2-0 in the first leg at Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria last year. Unfortunately, he’s not the only player Middendorp is concerned about, as their team is diluted. Castro, who is the club’s second top scorer on seven league goals, is now a huge doubt against his former club on Thursday. However, Middendorp says they’ll assess his situation on Wednesday and it will be sad to see both his twin strikers miss such an important duel that can potentially prove to be title-decider. There are also question marks with regards to Lebogang Manyama, who was ruled out of this game against Stellies. The former SuperSport United midfielder was taken off before second half started in a 3-2 loss against Bloemfontein Celtic on Monday. But the good news for Chiefs is that Erick Mathoho and Ramahlwe Mphahlele, given day offs on Sunday, could be back against the nine-time champions. “I have really not gotten a feedback from my medical team about Castro,” revealed Middendorp. “But what we definitely cannot expect is to have Samir and Castro out in such a huge game. They have been on form and very successful for the club this season.” Kokota gets booked in 92minThat Yellow means Nurkovic will be suspended because of 4 yellow cards from @KaizerChiefs next gameWhich is against @Masandawana Top scorer out how big a blow is it? pic.twitter.com/zHG2j75Aui 