SUPERSPORT United go in search of a third straight Absa Premiership win when they host Bloemfontein Celtic at Bidvest Stadium on Sunday evening. Kick-off is at 6pm. Matsatsantsa beat Highlands Park 2-0 in their most recent outing for a second successive victory before the Covid-19 pandemic enforced a nationwide lockdown. Victory in that game leaves the Tshwane club in fourth place on the log standings heading into this weekend's round of fixtures scattered across the Gauteng province. Head coach Kaitano Tembo is excited to get going again for the first time in five months and expressed his delight at his club playing their home games at Bidvest Stadium, a venue where they've enjoyed success in the past. “We will be playing our home matches at Bidvest Stadium and we are happy about it, because it's a compact stadium and has a very good playing surface that suits our style of play, and we have always played well there,” Tembo said. “The players are also looking good at training but we will have a clear understanding of where they are in terms of match fitness after our first game because we haven't had an opportunity to play friendly matches during our preparations due to strict health regulations which we have to adhere to.” Celtic suffered a third loss from their last four league matches when they were beaten 2-0 at Cape Town City in March to enter lockdown in ninth place on the log standings. The Free State club were the first team in action in the Premier Soccer League's bio-bubble and kicked off proceedings in fine style with a 3-0 thumping of Baroka FC to book their place in the Nedbank Cup final. John Maduka took over the reins as Siwelele boss in lockdown following the resignation of Lehlohonolo Seema who took up the head coaching position at Chippa United. “I'm happy that we won this game. We win as a team and lose as a team, and I'm so happy," Maduka said. “Again now we have a chance to win the Nedbank Cup, so we are looking forward to the cup final. We know it won't be easy but we are looking forward to that particular day.” Asked if the quality of his team's performances will only improve over the next few weeks, the Phunya Sele Sele mentor replied confidently. “Games won’t be fast like they were before the break [in March] because it has been a long time without playing football. We have never been through this situation before, but it will improve as more matches [are played]," he added.