AFTER seeing that the jobs they were told to apply for have been taken by strangers, the youth of KwaMashu, north of Durban, expressed unhappiness. The youth from different sections in the kasi called a briefing today at the KwaMashu Train Station. They claimed there were posts for marshals that were advertised in May this year by Passenger Rail Agency South African (Prasa). They said the posts stated that at the train stations close to KwaMashu, only the KwaMashu youth will be hired. They applied and waited to be called, but none of them have been called. Instead, people from areas such as Stanger and Pinetown have already started working. They said on Monday they went to the station and noticed that marshals were already working. One of the leaders of the KwaMashu youth, Sifiso Mlangeni (27), said he and other youngsters who had applied asked people who were working which section in KwaMashu do they live. “We discovered that they don’t live here. One of them lives in Stanger. We were shocked and don’t understand how it happened,” he said. He said today they called the youth who had applied to inform them about what they discovered. “We are not happy because this means that no one from our area will be employed. We called the youth today to inform them that we should gather and fight for this,” he said. Another youth, Mzabalazo Mthiyane (27) from D section, said they are capable of doing anything bad but they’ve decided not to. “So we are peacefully appealing to Prasa to recheck these applications. They should relook the entire process of hiring because we can see that something went wrong here,” he said. Another youth Nobuhle Khumalo (23), who had also applied, said she’s disappointed that strangers are working in the area while they are sitting at home. “I finished my matric in 2018 and have been sitting at home since. I apply all the time but I haven’t been lucky. Now that an opportunity for a job comes in my area, I get left out. It really hurts. I heard that these people working here are from Stanger and others from Pinetown.” Prasa spokesman Zama Nomnganga he said he’s aware of this issue. He said all the people who were employed had brought proof that they’re from KwaMashu. “If these young people said they have proof that the hired marshals are not from KwaMashu, they should bring proof,” he said.