SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo has already started to build a formidable side with majority of youth in a bid to challenge for silverware. Tembo revealed that youngsters like 22-year old defender Thatayaone Ditlhokwe are learning from seasoned campaigners like Clayton Daniels. The Botswana born player has also been earmarked to take over the captain’s armband in future. Explained Tembo: “Ditlhokwe is only 22 and we looked at his qualities when we scout. He is solid in defence, aggressive, disciplined and the one for the future. He might be the captain going forward. He is not the one to shy away from tackles and can also play that’s why we spoke about building with the right players. We need players with hunger and desire to succeed. Tembo says there are many youngsters like Jesse Donn who will also make an impact once they get their chance to play. Donn was given a run as a substitute when SuperSport beat Black Leopards 2-1 and he never disappointed his mentor on Tuesday night. “We have Moses Waiswa, a Yugandan (midfielder) who also plays for the Flames (national team), so we have experienced players like Clayton Daniels to offer support to the young ones. That’s why Bradley (Grobler), Mokoena (Teboho) and Ronwen (Williams) have stepped up because they saw how Furman (Dean) play. We need youngsters to learn from them. Dean is gone, so we have Mbule (Sipho), Webber (Jamie) and Mokoena to fill the void. We are demanding from players to be consistent to give us 24 or 25 games per season, Tebza (Mokoena) can do that, so we demand the same from Mbule. They’ve got to understand there is pressure.” Tembo revealed that he will give more youngsters a chance to impress him in their remaining three Absa Premiership games. SuperSport take on Orlando Pirates in their next league match at Emirates Airline Park on Saturday (1.30pm) “We brought them to the bubble to give them that experience. This is what they can achieve, but they’ve got to want it. Donn, Lungu and Webber have prepared properly, not by accident to show when they are ready (to play).”  