ERNST Middendorp might want to start looking over his shoulder as Kaizer Chiefs continue to stutter in the league title race. Though they remain top of the log with six points, Amakhosi only moved to 53 points as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Stellenbosch at Orlando Stadium on Sunday night. The Amakhosi coach claimed he is not concerned about results in the other matches, but his own team. Yet the last two results are cause for concern as Amakhosi find it increasingly hard to wrap up the title. They host Mamelodi Sundowns on Thursday, in a potential title decider. But the Soweto giants will need to move up a gear to chalk up points against Sundowns. Not for the first time in recent matches, they had to come from behind and earn what could turn out a crucial point in the race. Lelethu Skelem broke the deadlock as he headed in from Ashley du Preez’s well-weighed cross on the 35th minute. Lazalous Kambole broke his duck, equalising on the 70th minute as directed a fine pass into the net. The Zambian has had a tough time so far in his maiden season in the PSL, failing to meet high expectations that preceded his arrival. But he will surely draw a lot of inspiration from his first league goal in 13 matches. Middendorp tinkered with his starting line-up, hoping for a change in fortunes as he handed Siphelele Ntshangase a rare start. Interestingly, he started Samir Nurkovic on the bench, seemingly to spare him for the big battle against Sundowns on Thursday as he was one yellow card away from suspension. But unfortunately got booked and will certainly miss Thursday's blockbuster, something that German coach wanted to avoid. But he soon brought him on as Leonardo Castro limped off with an injury... and got himself booked for a challenge on goalkeeper Lee Langeveldt and later pushed Alan Robertson to the ground. Khama Billiat continues to battle for form, seen as he went off at halftime. But it wasn’t against a meek opponent as Stellenbosch continue to improve post the coronavirus-enforced lockdown. Du Preez continued his fine form and remains key for Stellies in their quest for a top-eight finish. In fact, he could have secured victory towards the end, had he found the net when presented with a golden opportunity. But for Amakhosi, the big one is on Thursday.Will they end the suspense for their fans? 