   THE Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane will today be squaring off with National Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise as she fights off a Parliamentary process to remove her from office. The showdown will be taking place at the Western Cape High Court where Mkhwebane will be applying for an urgent interdict to stop the Parliament process to remove her from office after the opposition DA tabled the motion. Mkhwebane wants the process stopped pending a judicial review of the decision by the Speaker to accept the motion for her removal and the lawfulness of the new rules. The assembly late last year adopted new rules that provide for the removal of Chapter 9 institutions. “The new rules expand on the broad parameters in section 194 of the Constitution (which provides for the removal of heads of chapter 9 institutions) and previous National Assembly rules,” Parliament speaker Moloto Mothapo said at the time. According to heads of arguments, Mkhwebane will be presenting a ten-point argument challenging the new rules. According to Section 194, the Public Protector, the Auditor-General or a member of a commission established by Chapter 9 of the constitution may be removed from office only on the ground of misconduct, incapacity or incompetence. The DA, which never supported Mkhwebane’s appointment or during the interviews, tabled the motion after several court findings against her. But Mkhwebane in her application is arguing that the National Assembly cannot rely on the findings of judges in court matters concerning her in determining whether she committed an impeachable offense. She is arguing that the National Assembly must decide for itself whether she was incompetent or not which are grounds with which she can be removed from office. Modise in her opposing papers agrees but argues that the motion however invites the house to make its own findings on the matter. “The fact that the DA has attached the judgments of certain courts as evidence in support of those charges does not detract from this,” Modise argues.  