RESIDENTS of Ga-Phago Village are still in the dark despite the fact that there are installed electricity poles and boxes. According to the disappointed residents, Molemole Municipality installed electricity poles and boxes in 2017, but they never came back to switch them on. The village in Moletjie outside Polokwane, Limpopo, has lost hope in the municipality. Villager Liza Moloto (34) told the People’s Paper more that 50 households in the area were still in the dark. “We feel disappointed that our municipality has since vanished three years ago,” said Liza. She said life without electricity made everything difficult for them. “We have to go deep into our pockets so we can buy paraffin and wood which we can’t even afford,” she said.  She said because some of them are unemployed, they have to wake up early in the morning to collect firewood in the nearest bush. “It’s not good that we continue struggling when we have installed boxes in position,” she said. “When the municipality installed the boxes years ago, we thought the struggle had come to an end. But it seems we were totally wrong.” “Every time we follow up, the mayor tells us the project has been handed over to Eskom for the completion stage,” she said. She said they had high hopes but failing to finish the project shows their municipality’s weakness. “Using candles puts our lives in danger, especially because we live with children,” she said. Resident Yvonne Mogofe (34) said she felt the municipality was taking advantage of them. “It’s unfair that these people are always promising us proper services during the election period, which they cannot afford to deliver,” said Yvonne. She said this affected their children’s future negatively, especially when it came to their education. “It shocks us to see our children still using a candle to study in this time of democracy,” she said. Molemole municipal spokeswoman Morongwa Pholoba said the responsibility to provide energy lied with Eskom, not the municipality. “The 50 outstanding households were identified during the implementation of the original scope and Eskom then decided to include them as post connections households,” said Pholoba. She said implementation of the 50 households’ post connections was then completed in the 2019/20 financial year, and waited for Eskom to increase the transformer’s capacity. “Eskom has thus informed the municipality that the households will be connected in the current financial year,” she said. Limpopo Eskom spokesman Dikgabane Rampedi said they didn’t know anything about the project. “The municipality does not even fall within post connections or infills,” said Rampedi. “The definition of an infill or post connection happens in an electrified area only,” he said.