 CHIPPA United took a major step towards survival as they edge past Baroka FC 1-0 at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday night. The only goal came from Augustine Kwem who beat the offside trap and finished it with aplomb as early as 7th minute the game had started. It was the first win for Chippa under coach Lehlohonolo Seema as Chilli Boyz lost 1-0 to Cape Town City in the club’s restart season before a goalless draw against Highlands Park in their previous game. Kwem’s goal, it was also the first time the Port Elizabeth’s side had scored in the bubble.This win sees them move to 30 points which is the magic number to survive with three games to go. However, Chippa had to sweat blood for this win as Baroka piled numbers forward towards the end of the game in search for an equaliser. But Seema’s boys had none of it as they stood firm to get all three points and ensure that they won’t be a draw as it was the case in the reverse fixture in PE.For Baroka, it was not a lack of effort though. They peppered Mothwa’s goals. But to be fair, those chances didn’t trouble him. The Limpopo side were unlucky as early as 16th minute as Bonginkosi Makume suffered to what looked like a knee injury and was replaced by Denwin Farmer.  But that didn’t deter them. They had a better first half but only clear chance came from Emanuel Kambala before half time. He tested Mothwa from range but Chippa goalie palmed the ball away for the corner. In the second half, they continued where they left off in the first half but again they were let down by their poor finishing. Chippa will hope to build on from this victory as they face highly-riding Stellenbosch FC at Tuks Stadium on Friday. Unfortunately, they will be without midfielder dynamo Meshack Maphangule who received his fourth booking in this game. For Baroka, things are not getting easier for them. They face title-chasing Mamelodi Sundowns at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday. Unfortunately too, they’ll be without their captain Elvis a Chipezeze who got his fourth booking after hacking Thabiso Lebitso. 