THIS afternoon could see GladAfrica Championship leaders, Ajax Cape Town, win automatic promotion to the Absa Premiership should they beat JDR Stars at the Rand Stadium. But that would only happen if second-placed Swallows FC lose against Richards Bay Absa Tuks Stadium at 3pm. This could be enough for the Urban Warriors to clinch automatic promotion and campaign in the top flight next season. Even a draw against JDR Stars will not be enough for Calvin Marlin’s Ajax, if Brandon Truter and his Swallows side win against Richards Bay in this afternoon’s full penultimate round of first division matches. Ajax have won two and lost two of their matches since the resumption of football, but they have been goal-shy – scoring only two goals in their 1-0 victories against University of Pretoria’s AmaTuks and Richards Bay. Going into the last two games, pressure is on them. The Birds have already qualified for a place in the promotion play-offs if they fail to win automatic promotion. It remains a bit tricky for the remaining play-off’s spot as Uthongathi (44 points), Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (45 points), Real Kings (41) and JDR (40) remain in contention. But realistically, it looks like a battle between TTM and Uthongathi. What makes it more interesting is that these two sides – TTM and Uthongathi – were hot favourites to win promotion in December last year, but now they face each other in the penultimate fixture at Sturrock Park. The champions will be crowned this weekend and the two teams who finish second and third would have confirmed their spot in a three team mini-league promotional play-offs – joined by a team finishing 15th in the PSL. At the bottom, one has fallen. Who’s next? By end of this weekend, everything will be clear. Royal Eagles have been relegated already with two games to spare, while the focus has been mainly at the top of the table in the GladAfrica Championship, a lot has been happening at the foot of the log. At the bottom half, one of the four teams – Jomo Cosmos, TS Sporting, Mbombela United – who are all on 29 points each, and Cape Umoya (34 points) run the risk of joining Eagles in the ABC Motsepe League next season. Last season Cosmos escaped the axe on the last day of the season when they defeated Witbank Spurs, who were already relegated. Ezenkosi assistant coach Brian Sebapole said: “We are just taking each game as it comes. Our focus is on the next match against Steenberg United.” The side that will finish 16th in the PSL, and the club that will finish second bottom will join Eagles in the Motsepe League next season.