SUPERSPORT United have a chance to tighten their grip at the top three of the Absa Premiership in their quest to race along for title when they meet struggling Orlando Pirates at the Emirates Airline Park on Saturday (1.30pm). Thursday's night’s top of the table clash between leaders Kaizer Chiefs and second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns at Orlando Stadium gave a clear indication how the season will pen out. But SuperSport coach, Kaitano Tembo, has played down his side’s chances of winning the title, even though mathematically it calculates them to having a slim chance – should those above drop points. The Tshwane giants beat relegation threatened Black Leopards 1-0 at FNB Stadium on Tuesday to take their tally to 47 points. Said Tembo: “I am currently focused on building for next season as we are starting on 9 October. I will use (remaining games) as preparation for next season. We want to do better than last season, and we are taking it one game at a time. We just have to focus on the next one in front of us, it’s a tough one against Pirates.” SuperSport stand a chance of finishing within the top three for the first time in seven years and achieve their target of competing in the Caf Champions League. The last time the Tshwane side competed in continent cups was in 2016 when they reached the Confederation Cup final and lost 2-1 to DR Congo giants TP Mazembe. “Where we are makes you look back. I think this also shows the quality we have in the team,” he said. Tembo hopes striker Gamphani Lungu, who scored the solitary goal against Leopards, will maintain consistency against Bucs. “I am happy for him,” Tembo said. “We are demanding more consistency from younger players. We are building a team capable of challenging for honours. Lungu is only 22 and this is his second season. “I have given him time to settle down and he has adapted well. Next season we will see a lot from him. He is a good finisher and still has a lot to offer the team.” Meanwhile, Pirates will be eager to end their scoring crisis that saw them grab just one goal in four league games since the resumption of the season that was stopped in March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. Pirates are also winless in six league games having last tasted success on 16 February, when they beat Black Leopards 1-0. Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer is expected to give striker Tshegofatso Mabasa another opportunity to partner league’s top scorer Gabadinho Mhango who is currently firing blanks. Mabasa scored their only goal so far in the bio-bubble.