KAIZER Chiefs must be licking their lips at the prospect of opening a massive nine point lead at the top of the Absa Premiership table tonight. Amakhosi head into their clash against Bloemfontein Celtic at Loftus Versfeld tonight (6pm), fully aware that they can put one hand on the trophy. This after rivals Mamelodi Sundowns squandered an opportunity to get closer to the leaders following their 3-2 loss at the hands of Cape Town City on Monday. They are now smelling their first Premiership title in four seasons, having last clinched the title in the 2014-15 season under Stuart Baxter. And with just six matches remaining, Kaizer Motaung’s club need 13 points from a possible 18 to secure the title and end their long trophy drought. But their German mentor, Ernst Middendorp, is not getting ahead of himself and refuses to count his chickens before they hatch. After all, Sundowns are not out of the race just yet, and the unprecedented situation of being in the bubble and having a short turnaround after games means anything is possible. “I actually try to be as less emotional as possible because this is a totally different situation for each and everybody,” Middendorp said. “For me, it’s about the ambition that Kaizer Chiefs had from the beginning of the season to say okay guys, it can’t happen that we run behind the scenery, we need to challenge and if it’s enough to win the championship then that’s what we are here for.” The 61-year-old has also stressed the importance of rotating his team during this busy period, even though it could hamper momentum and make it difficult to maintain consistency. He insists every player on Chiefs’ books should be ready to improve the team if they are included as the club approaches a testing period as far as their title credentials are concerned. “We had a discussion that we need each and everybody for the remaining matches of the season,” added Middendorp. “We trust our players. It doesn’t matter how old they are if they are in the bubble with us, then they should raise their hand and help the team. But I fully respect Amakhosi fans and I understand that some players are more loved than the others.” Meanwhile, Celtic will be hoping to cause an upset and improve their chances of finishing the season in the top eight. Their new mentor, John Maduka, is aware of the danger posed by arguably the best team in the league, and is expecting a tough battle. “It will not be easy,” said Maduka. “But we have to be ready.”