  MZANSI people are happy that lockdown restrictions have been
lowered to level two. However, motorists want to know what would be the insurance
consequences of driving after the 10pm to 4am curfew, and being involved in a
crash during that time. MasterDrive managing director Eugene Herbert said the
company consulted their insurers to provide some context. “Our insurers say that a claim for a crash after curfew
would not be rejected on those grounds alone. They, however, encourage drivers
to avoid being on the road after 10pm unless it is an emergency. “Additionally, while they can speak to their own policies
about the validity of claims that occur after 10pm, this may vary between
insurers. Every driver should know what the stance of their insurer is with
regard to post-curfew driving. “This is especially so for those driving home from a late
shift and drivers who are legitimately allowed on the road at that time. Speak
to your insurer now about what they expect and your unique circumstances rather
than argue it after the fact,” said Herbert. Cancelling insurance Drivers trying to reduce their monthly expenses are also
advised against cancelling their insurance premiums. “Even if you will still be working from home for the
foreseeable future, cancelling your insurance can have numerous negative
results. Primarily, insurance is there to protect you when the unexpected
happens, whether it’s vehicle theft or a crash. As crime is expected to rise in
the coming months, cancelling insurance is a risky decision. “Additionally, it is a folly to think that you have no
chance of crashing on your quick trip to the shop down the road. Research says
that at least half of all crashes happen five minutes away from home because
people drive with an ‘auto’ mindset, face an increased chance of being involved
in a parking lot collision and have a greater tendency to drive distracted.
Ultimately, it could cost you thousands more,” said Herbert. Other disadvantages of cancelling your insurance for a brief
period include higher premiums once you resume insurance coverage as your risk
profile will be higher. Breach of contract, if your vehicle is still under finance,
can put you at risk of losing the car.