I’VE often said that life is like a mathematical equation: whatever one does on the left, they should do on the right and that’s exactly what I’m going to do here. We’ve looked at how many times should a woman have sex, and indeed came to the conclusion of different strokes for different folks. https://www.dailysun.co.za/LIfestyle/how-often-should-a-woman-have-sex-20200812 Now it’s only fair that we look at the other side of the spectrum and flip the coin towards our male counterparts. So how often should men have sex? Let us take a closer look: Now a lot of men tend to brag about how they can have sex every day. Celebrities such as DJ Fresh has several times alluded to the fact that his love for sex can be practised every single day. Now is this humanly possible? According to a YouGov survey conducted in 2017, only 4% of adults said that they have sex at least once a day. Now whether it’s the morning glory, the afternoon snack or the night-cap. The survey confirms that sex can be served on daily. But just how possible is this for a man? According to Health-line magazine, a person who has a 4-5 may be able to ejaculate anywhere from one to five times in a single session (daily). Some people may be able to ejaculate more often than that in a marathon masturbation or sex session. https://www.dailysun.co.za/LIfestyle/is-self-catering-during-lockdown-healthy-20200413 All this fascinating revelation stems from the fact that unlike their female counterparts, men have a different outlook on sex. To most men, having sex means that he can move a woman, that he’s energetic, a provider and a lover. Simply put, your guy wants to be a superhero, and he certainly wants you to see him in that light. When he satisfies you sexually, he feels like superman? So why should men have regular sex? According to health experts, frequent ejaculation may reduce a man’s risk of prostate cancer. Meaning the more you ejaculate, the healthier you may become. So, with men it’s about the sex count whilst also making every sex moment count.