WHEN the Nedbank Cup semi-finals kickoff the resumption of the Premiers Soccer League (PSL) on Saturday, there will be no ball boys. In a televised press conference on Friday, PSL chairman Dr Irvin Khoza broke down who is allowed at the stadiums as football will resume under strict restrictions. He said that three teams (Mamelodi Sundowns‚ Bidvest Wits and Baroka FC) taking part in Saturday’s Nedbank Cup semifinals entered the Gauteng biologically safe environment (BSE) on Thursday‚ and one (Bloemfontein Celtic) on Friday. Due to safety measures put in place under Covid-19 and games to be played behind closed doors, the PSL chairman said they will not use of ball boys and this was agreed by the BoG of all 32 clubs to align to all the NSL health and safety measures template. Instead, they will be individuals from each club that will form part of the ball retrievals on the day. It is the same template that was adopted in top leagues around the world such as England, Spain and Italy. Khoza, not only breakdown the issue of ball boys, but also who is allowed at the stadiums. “Players from each club the total is 40 (eleven starting line-up, nine reserves per team,” said Khoza. “Technical staff, it is 14, (seven per team and that including coaches on the bench, assistants, physio, kit man). Club officials, it’ll be eight, that is an compliance officers who are in charge of Covid-19 and others of discretion of the team. Ball retrievals, they’ll be four (two per team). “These people must be from within the BSE and an additional one member per team and two from the bench that will also act as retrievals from the west side to make it six in total. “Match officials, five (referee, two assistants, fourth official and a match commissioner). Eight medical officials (they’ll double up as stretch barriers) and one stadium doctor, one PSL media officer and other officials.” When it comes to tv broadcasters, they’ll be two pitch side presenters, one-floor manager, 12 cameramen and two cable-bashers and two static board or LED personnel. All in total the number is 100. With Mamelodi Sundowns, Baroka FC, Bloemfontein and Bidvest Wits having arrived early in the BSE to feature in the Ke Yona Cup semis today and tomorrow, the Absa Premiership clubs will arrive as of next week. Orlando Pirates will arrive on the 9th, 10th its Kaizer Chiefs and AmaZulu, 11th its Chippa United, 12th its Cape Town City, 13th its Highlands Park ad Stellenbosch FC, 14th is Golden Arrows, SuperSport United, Maritzburg United, Black Leopards and Polokwane City. Khoza thanked PSL acting CEO Mato Madlala, Safa’s Acting Tebogo Motlanthe and sports minister Nathi Mthethwa for making this possible. “This might be new normal and the new template,” said Khoza. “An achievement of this magnitude is never a sole effort of one man or woman organisation. We are grateful to our stakeholders to arrive at this point.”