IT’S back to square one for Soweto giants – Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates – who are chasing after the Absa Premiership, with Mamelodi Sundowns in the mix. Chiefs’ quest to increase the gap at the summit of the PSL log was met with resistance from Bidvest Wits on Wednesday, who hit the brakes on the log leaders by holding them to a draw. And Sundowns and Pirates also walked away with a point apiece on Tuesday when they played to a goalless draw, which means not much progress was made at the top three. And this weekend things are not going to be easy: Middendorp has hinted at a possible squad rotation to maintain the competitive edge in the tricky title race. Just one match into the restarted season, the Amakhosi coach is already counting a few injuries after midweek’s 1-1 draw against Wits. He could be without Leonardo Castro, Yagan Sasman, Khotso Moleko and even Dumsani Zuma, heading to Loftus. They came off worse as Chiefs drew a game they should have won comfortably against Wits at their new home, Orlando Stadium. Said Middendorp: “Of a bit more serious concern could be Castro. We will watch him closely at training to get him ready for Saturday. “But it’s a normal situation that players are cramping a little bit. It’s not a hamstring or a rapture or a calf issue. It’s just cramping from the 90 minutes of the competitive game on a field which is, from what you can see all over, are probably not the carpet you ask for. Every team has their circumstances to fight. “But this doesn’t mean we have to play with the same players. “We have players of quality who can start the game, Kearyn Baccus... Reeve Frosler and some other guys. We have a day or two to make the right decision. “Anyone in the squad should be ready. I hear a lot about Diski team players. For me when someone is in the squad, he should be ready for selection.” The Soweto giants enter the most intense part of the title race with seven matches to go. But the strength in depth will push them in the title challenge in which they are closely followed by Sundowns, as opposed to over-reliance on certain players. Against Polokwane City, Amakhosi come up against a desperate team, faced with the possibility of relegation. Neither side can afford to slip up.