ALL nightclubs and taverns are closed during lockdown. But the youth from Freedom Square in Mangaung, Free State have found a way to gather and enjoy music. READ: PANIC AS THUG HIT PICK N PAY STORE! They gather at a kota shop and enjoy dancing to the song Sandton by DJ Maphorisa and Kabza De Small, despite lockdown regulations and their parents’ fears they might contract Covid-19. Mapaseka Seotli (37) said her 15-year-old son was one of these stubborn kids.  “I have tried to reprimand my son, but he doesn’t want to listen to me. He tells there is no coronavirus and I should let him enjoy his childhood the way I enjoyed mine,” she said. “I wanted to beat him up, but I know I will be arrested because of the so-called rights he has. He goes there every night and comes home just before 9pm.” But the youth said they were not committing any crime by dancing in the streets.  A 16-year-old girl said: “I have never heard of any youth who was killed by the coronavirus. “It kills elderly people and our immune system is stronger. We can’t be worried and stressed because it can’t kill us.” A 14-year-old boy said: “We respect the law that says we have to be in our homes by 9pm. Right now we are just having fun with the Sandton song.” ALSO READ: MOTSHEKGA: PUPILS ARE BETTER OFF AT SCHOOL! The SunTeam visited the kota shop, but the workers said the owner was not around. “The owner is not here and we can’t give you the cellphone number, but we do use music to attract people to our business. We don’t like the kids gathering here, but playing music is not a crime,” said a worker. Free State Health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said: “The department’s messages still call for social distancing, use of cloth face masks, regular hand washing with running water and soap, and using hand sanitiser with 70% alcohol. “We’ve asked people to take personal responsibility to prevent the spread of Covid-19. We are not enforcers of lockdown regulations. The cops are the law enforcement agency which must be contacted if there is any transgressions of the law. “Unfortunately, the non-adherence of people to lockdown regulations overburdens health care services,” he said. Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said: “If parents or the community feel they are not happy about the matter, they can complain to the local police station and we will attend to the matter.”