REVEREND Maureen Figlan, a district superintended of the Cape Coastal District in the United Methodist Church in Cape Town, donated food parcels to church members from Zimbabwe. “As much as they are originally from Zimbabwe, but they are members of the church and as the superintended in our coastal district, I knew that they don’t qualify for what our government is giving,” said Figlan. She said ever since lockdown, there was no income and UIF for them. That’s why she decided to ask donations from their circuit. “The Covid-19 took us by a storm. No one was prepared and no one planned it, so the situation has put all of us in an awkward position. As Christians, they understand the meaning of ‘love your neighbour as you love yourself”’. Figlan said sharing is caring, and it is their duty as pastors to look after their flocks and care for them. “As Africans, you cannot eat while someone next to you is suffering. Jesus fed the multitudes with five loaves of bread and two fish. As followers of Christ, we need to follow suit with the little we have,” said Figlan. Florence Sithole (48) from Zimbabwe was grateful to Figlan. “It has been very hard for us. We lost our jobs and we can’t go back home,” said Florence. She said the food parcels will go a long way. “This was a surprise. We never thought someone will think about us. We know there are a lot of South African they would have helped, but instead they chose us and we are grateful.” Reverend Elijah Kabungaidze was grateful for the donations. “This pandemic has put everyone in an awkward position. Losing your job and being unable to go home is stressful. That’s why we will forever be grateful to them,” said Kabungaidze. He told Daily Sun that this is the time for pastors and business people to be out there helping where they can. “Figlan is leading by a good example. For the mere fact that he thought about us shows that she is a good person. We also thank all those who donated when she asked for help. May God bless them,” said Kabungaidze.  