SUPERSPORT United boss Stan Matthews says the past few months have been stressful due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Matthews told the South African Football Journalists Association (SAFJA) in a Zoom meeting on Wednesday that they still have a player who is still recovering from the virus after he tested positive. Said Matthews: “It’s been very stressful, the last few months from the situation (Covid-19), health perspective for all of us. We have been affected in the club directly. We had nine cases in the club, four players, three staff members, plus two academy kids that have all been positive. They had to get through this process, thank God all of them have recovered, except for one player that is still in quarantine and had to be re-tested.” Matthews is keeping his fingers crossed that all his players test negative when they are tested on Thursday before they go into the bio bubble ahead of their resumption of Absa Premiership season. Matsatsantsa A Pitori will restart their season with a date against rejuvenated Bloemfontein Celtic at Milpark’s Bidvest Stadium on Sunday (6pm). He went on: “Our players on Thursday will have the third round (testing) before they go into the bubble. Obviously, if anybody test positive, they are most likely to miss the bubble because they will be two weeks out, probably they won’t be rushed back for the final week of the bubble. We are stressed hoping all our protocols have been effective.” Matthews revealed that their coach Kaitano Tembo will assess youngsters they have promoted from the MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) in the remaining six league games. “We’ve got six games now where we can achieve things, not just for points, they are not the most important thing for us. We’ve got three more players that we promoted from the MDC that have been pushed into the bubble which we are excited to hopefully see (in action) as substitutes. This is just a sneak preview for next season to see how some of these youngsters have come and how much we need to supplement experience depending how they go in the six games.” 