NOW it’s Highlands Park’s moment to turn on the magic! The Tembisa side could add more Absa Premiership woes to title-chasing Mamelodi Sundowns, whom they have a date with at Dobsonville Stadium tonight (6pm). The Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba coach, Owen Da Gama, had the privilege of watching two of Downs’ games against Bidvest Wits (3-2 win in Nedbank Cup) and Orlando Pirates (0-0 in league draw). According to Da Gama, the Brazilians showed fatigue in the second half of their game against Bucs, “but they know how to keep the ball, which makes it difficult for oppositions”. “We want to go at them, hopefully tie them more down,” said Da Gama as he plots Downs’ downfall. He told the SA Football Journalists Association (Safja) that his side will need to be disciplined in defence to achieve their objective. He explained: “Sirino (Gaston) is back from suspension. It’s always difficult to plan against them. “Our encounters with them are closely contested. We played them twice and we have an idea what they are on about. We’ve got to be conservative because if they score it will be difficult to come back. “We will use our pace to counter them and be disciplined in defence. They defend well, get behind the ball and understand how to win games. It’s important to be disciplined and take the game to them.” Da Gama said they will go all out to hit the brakes to the ambitious Tshwane giants. This will be Highlands’ first match since the PSL season was halted in March due Covid-19 outbreak. Downs are four points behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs with a game in hand on 45 points from 22 matches, while Highlands occupy eighth spot with 31 points from 24 matches. Da Gama said that his players will need to adapt quickly to their new home ground in Dobsonville, Soweto, which they share with Downs. “Makhulong has been our fortress. But we need to turn the tables now and win away from home. This is a big learning curve where we need to grow and understand how to play in other pitches.” The Tembisa side moved into a bio bubble yesterday, an environment Da Gama’s players are still trying to adapt to. Highlands will pin their hopes on the pace of winger Mokete Mogaila to upset Downs, while the Brazilians will be hoping the combination of attacking midfielder Sibusiso Vilakazi and Sirino will swing the game in their favour.