READY or not, it is the Nedbank Cup time and the teams just have to get on with it. At least that is the sentiment from Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane ahead of arguably his trickiest cup match since he led SuperSport United against Kaizer Chiefs in the top-eight final back in 2004. This time he comes up against Bidvest Wits, in the Ke Yona semi-final at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (7.15pm), under slightly different conditions. It’s football under Covid-19 pandemic! “Are we ready? I’m not sure,” said Mosimane when quizzed on his team’s state of readiness yesterday. “Let’s see football under Covid. I’ve got my expectations... from what I’ve seen on TV. I can presume. But we will have 11 players on the pitch, five subs on the bench, have all the protocols observed and we will play.” Sundowns have not played since they laboured to a 1-0 win over Highlands Park to reach the semi-finals in March. That was before domestic football was suspended due to the Covid-19 outbreak. Understandably, both teams go into a bit of a tricky situation, unsure of fitness levels and of expectations on the performance after an unprecedented five-month break. Wits had smooth path into the last four, dispatching first division side Real Kings 4-0. “You’ve got to understand how strange it is being a footballer under Covid,” said Mosimane, as he explained the strange existence in a camp under lockdown. “The way I interact with my players is different. Players don’t share rooms anymore. “We don’t have the team spirit in camp because we are eating within two hours of each other. One comes in, the other goes out. “Sometimes you are alone in the dining hall (to minimise infection risk). We don’t have prayer sessions before training.” But Mosimane reiterated that there can never be any excuses. It is the same for every team and teams have a responsibility to observe the PSL regulations on Covid. By many accounts, it is not an ideal situation to be playing a knockout competition. But, like his peers, Mosimane remains committed to finishing the season... with a piece of silverware or more.