LIMPOPO Sport MEC Thandi Moraka will visit three PSL teams from the province in their mini-bubble base camps this weekend, as a form of motivation. Moraka said she will also visit GladAfrica Championship side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) before their match this weekend and next week, to give them encouragement and support. The MEC is positive and holding firm that the province will have four Absa Premiership teams next season. This season, Limpopo has three top flight teams in Black Leopards, Polokwane City and Baroka. But all three are in the relegation zone and are running the risk of being relegated, depending on how they finish the current season, which resumes next week. Recently, Limpopo businessman Masala Mulaudzi bought Bidvest Wits’ Premiership status and it will be renamed Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila and relocate to Venda next season. “I am excited and confident that Limpopo will have four teams,” Moraka said. “We are aware that all our PSL teams are not yet safe from relegation, but we are fully behind them as a province and we are positive that they will be campaigning in the top flight next season. “It will be exciting to have four teams for the people of Limpopo (in the Premiership). “We want to have many derbies.” With six matches remaining, Leopards are bottom of the table with 20 points. Both City and Baroka are also in trouble, with 23 points. Moraka does not even want to think about the possibility of one or two of the Limpopo clubs being relegated. Added Moraka: “We are going to provide them with sanitisers and face masks in their camps, so that they can follow all the regulations.” Baroka face Bloemfontein Celtic in the Nedbank Cup semi-final at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm). Leopards and City will restart their league campaign next week after four months of no PSL action due to the outbreak of coronavirus. Lidoda Duvha tackle Maritzburg United at FNB Stadium on 16 August (3.30pm), while Rise and Shine face a tough clash against log leaders Kaizer Chiefs on 15 August at Loftus Versfeld Stadium (3.30pm).