BAROKA and their sponsor Global Oil have dangled an additional R2 million carrot to the players in their fight to survive relegation from the Absa Premiership. Information reaching SunSport is that the players have welcomed this decision and are ready to fight for the team in their remaining three league matches. Bakgaga have been struggling since the PSL was restarted three weeks ago. They were also knocked out of the Telkom Knockout semi-finals by Bloemfontein Celtic. But chairman, Khurishi Mphahlele, said it has always been the policy of the club, and the R2m has always been there since the start of the season. He said they find themselves in this position because luck has eluded them. However, he is positive that they will retain their PSL status. “There is no special bonus,” Mphahlele said. “The boys are fighting and this is not the time to start pointing fingers and blame one another. “We just need luck. It’s tough out there, especially after the bubble thing was introduced. “One mistake then you’re punished. We need concentration for 90 minutes.” And coach Dylan Kerr’s players are still to register a win since the restart of the Premiership this month. Baroka have recorded two draws and one defeat in their three league matches played since the league resumed. They are currently 14th with 25 points from 27 games. Bakgaga have another tough assignment this weekend when they face Premiership title chasing Mamelodi Sundowns in their next league game at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday (6pm). The Ga-Mphahlele-based outfit are only one point ahead of the bottom side Polokwane City. “This incentive has motivated the players a lot,” said our source. “The players know they stand to pocket more than R50 000 (each) if the team survive, which is a huge financial boost to them. I think you will see a totally different Baroka team in their next game (against Downs).” Club spokesman Richard Mashabane echoed the chairman’s comments: “All I can tell you is that our players always get bonuses throughout the season for winning games. “Our club, with the chairman and sponsors, always take good care of the players.” Kerr and his side know that any slip-ups could see them drop deeper into the relegation quagmire and facing the prospects of going back to the second tier.