QUEEN Sikakane-Siqingqa’s husband of 12 years used to provide for her. He even gave her his bank card. But she claims her sister-in-law Thabisile Mbotho was not happy that her husband Malandwe Siqingqa (44) gave her the card. She claimed it became so bad they were not on speaking terms. Queen (39) from KwaThema, Ekurhuleni, said her husband has been missing since 27 June after visiting his relatives in Langaville, Tsakane. “When he left, he kissed me and asked me to prepare his work uniform as he was going to work the following day,” said Queen. She said she became worried when Malandwe didn’t return that night. “I contacted him, but his phone was off. I contacted my sister in-law and other relatives the next morning to tell them he didn’t come back home,” she said. Queen said her in-laws confirmed Malandwe visited them, but also claimed they had different stories about when he left. “One said he left on foot at about 1pm that day, and another said he was escorted to a car at about 5pm as he was drunk,” she said. Queen said she was shocked when Thabisile, accompanied by another relative, came to her shack three days later to demand Malandwe’s ID, bank card and a pin number. She didn’t hand them over. “She didn’t even seem worried about her brother’s disappearance. All she wanted was the pin number,” she said. “I told her I didn’t know the pin number and where the bank card was. I refused to give her the ID. It gave me the impression she knew where my husband is. Queen said she couldn’t sleep at night. “That woman has been making my life hell for years. I even miscarried because of the stress she gave me. She’s married but she still wants her brother’s money,” said Queen. She said she was praying to get her husband’s remains if he’s dead. She said she has been to mortuaries and hospitals, but there was no sign of her husband. She opened a missing person’s case at KwaThema Police Station. Daily Sun spoke to Thabisile, who said she was not home the day her brother visited. “He came to see his daughter and I heard he was escorted home by his nephew,” she said. But she denied wanting Malandwe’s bank card and pin number. “Yes, I wanted his ID number, but not his pin number. “I wanted the ID to search for him in mortuaries,” she said. Asked about her relationship with Queen, she said her brother didn’t want them to get close to her. “This created a distance between us. She didn’t have children with my brother,” she said. However, Thabisile didn’t give a clear answer why Malandwe didn’t want them to be close to his wifeSergeant Media Khoza of KwaThema Police Station said a missing persons case was opened and they were still searching for Malandwe.