Stokvel members couldn’t meet during higher lockdown levels, so digital channels became a reliable tool to send money. Cynthia Mooki from Naturena managed to pay members regardless of get-together restrictions. “But it wasn’t without hiccups. Some members were late to make their deposits, citing this or that problem, but we were quite lucky not to have dishonest members as all people did send the money,” said Cynthia. But not everyone was that lucky. Nozi Mdluli from Ekurhuleni said members agreed to give one collector the money, but one failed to honour this. “She came up with all sorts of stories until the collector decided to bring my money with her contribution missing,” said Nozi. “Then the late member sent my money using the cardless send-money system. Guess what? The money was collected before I could get it and we all agreed she’s the one who took it. It was a terrible experience and she’ll be removed from the stokvel group.” Technology comes in handy, but there are loopholes that members must fix. Nedbank insights showed that collective savings accounts – stokvels – are not only seeing a continued increase in new applications. A rapid adoption of digital channels attributed the shift in banking behaviour during lockdown. Since launching in April 2018, Nedbank’s Stokvel account has attracted over 4104 accounts. The most popular are savings, grocery and burial society stokvels. Females are the best savers, making up 55% of 170 017 Stokvel account members across the country. Gauteng continues to lead with the largest portion of savers (53%), followed by Limpopo (13%), Eastern Cape (10%), Free State (8%), Western Cape (6%) and 3% each for Mpumalanga, KZN and Northern Cape. Sisandile Cikido, head of retail investments at Nedbank, said many people who’re members of stokvels were not participating in the formal banking system. Those who were didn’t derive maximum value from savings. “The Stokvel Account proved to be a popular vehicle to enable members to continue to save communally as they have always done, but with the added benefits of security, competitive interest rates and new access to no-monthly fee banking.” Since the launch of the USSD functionality to open a stokvel account in March last year, the bank got 1078 completed applications through this channel. With restrictions on movement and gatherings, the pandemic has prompted stokvel members to adopt digital payment. “EFT deposits increased by 134% year on year, most likely attributed to the growing awareness of the lower cost, convenience, safety, enhanced user experience and overall ease-of-use of going digital. “The pandemic might have limited our interactions due to requirements associated with social distancing, but this doesn’t mean we should stop saving as usual. We need to adapt our practices to our circumstances.”