  TWO people linked to the killing of women in Mthwalume, south of KZN, have been taken in for questioning on Thursday. This is after five bodies of a women were found in Mthwalume since March this year. The latest discovery was on Wednesday when an unidentified body of a woman was found. This discovery follows another discovery when a partly decomposed body of Zama Chiliza (38) was found on Tuesday. Zama's discovery comes after three other women who were found dead, but in separate incidents around the area. The women Nelisiwe Dube (22), two sisters Nosipho Gumede (25) and Akhona Gumede (16), are the other three women who were found dead. Following these deaths, residents now strongly believe that there is a serial killer on the lose who is targeting women. A resident said she is now living in fear. "We are afraid that more young women will be killed. We sleep with one eye open and worried about who is going to be killed next," said the resident. Another resident said it looks like one person is behind the killings. "The three women who have been killed were murdered in the same manner. They disappeared from their homes and later found dead. We call on the police to catch this person before more women are killed," she said. The resident said it’s obvious that the woman who was found had also been missing from her home. Police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that two people have been taken in for questioning. She said they were taken in last night, and police are still busy with them at the station. KZN provincial commissioner Lieutenant-General Khombinkosi Jula has condemned the killing of women in the South Coast area. He said this is after the discovery of five bodies of women. "On Wednesday, a decomposed body of an unknown woman believed to be in her 20s was found in the bushes at Mnafu area in Mthwalume. This brings the total number of bodies recovered to five," he said. He said they are appealing to residents to remain calm and make sure that they don't walk alone in secluded areas. "All the cases have been assigned to an investigating officer at the District Commander for Detectives. At this stage, we cannot confirm whether the same perpetrator is responsible for all these incidents. We are appealing to anyone who might have information about the suspect/s involved in the recent cases to contact their local police or CrimeStop on 08600 10111," he said.