JUST last week, Limpopo Premier Stan Mathabatha came under fire for handing over 40 shacks to hostel dwellers. This is because many people felt the R2 million could have been used to build proper RDPs. READ: BOB MABENA'S DEVASTATED UNCLE SPEAKS Now former communications minister Faith Muthambi is also under fire over a house and has been slammed for stripping a madala of his dignity. This after photos did the rounds on social media of Muthambi handing over a house to madala Colbert Tshifhango in Mphego Village, outside Thohoyandou in Limpopo. But it was a photo of madala Colbert kneeling to receive R500 from Muthambi that upset a lot of people. Twitter user @Cabonina Alfred wrote: “ANC has successfully made black people permanent beggars.” Opposition parties in the province were also not pleased. DA Limpopo leader Jacques Smalle said it was wrong of Muthambi to let the man kneel for money and take photos of the incident. EFF Limpopo leader Jossey Buthane said: “She must be embarrassed because she’s just stripped that man of his dignity.” But Muthambi said the R500 didn’t come from her, but from a businessman who asked her to give it to the madala. ALSO READ: GOVT URGED TO RETHINK BOOZE BAN! She said she was dismayed by the attack on social media. “Why should I not join young people who’re doing noble things for their society?” said Muthambi, who was accompanied by Chief Livhuwani Matsila during the handover of the newly renovated house. “We’re really living in a sick society that is negative.” The house was renovated by a local NGO run by comedian, Livhuwani Madadze. He said when he received a call from the Tshifhangos, that their house had developed cracks and was collapsing, he looked for building material to renovate it. Madala Colbert said he was grateful God touched someone’s heart, who then built them a house. Muthambi promised to check with Sassa why the madala was not receiving a social grant. She said she’d also check why he wasn’t on a list to get an RDP house.