MAHLAMBA Ndlopfu household managers have confirmed that the guest rooms are as described by author and former ANN7 editor, Rajesh Sundaram. In his book titled Indentured - Behind The Scenes At Gupta TV, Sundaram details how the Gupta brothers met former president Jacob Zuma at his residence to plan for the coverage of certain events by the television station. He claimed that in one of the meetings, Zuma told the Guptas about his diary a week before Sundaram said Zuma wanted a reporter from ANN7 to focus on his address at a Women’s Day event in Mpumalanga, because eNCA would focus on opposition and people who didn’t like him. He claimed Zuma said he would meet important stakeholders and announce certain measures at the event. Sundaram said the brothers promised the former president a reporter and camera person who would be attached to him all the time. Former manager Ramaru Mekgwe told the Zondo Commission yesterday that apart from one minor difference, Sundaram’s account was correct. “There’s this room at the residence with a neat collection of leather-bound books and wing back chairs. At the centre there is a coffee table with two couches adjacent to the table. The television is not mounted but, in a cabinet,” said Mekgwe. Sundaram had testified at the commission last year that the TV set was mounted to the wall. Mekgwe confirmed that he had seen the Guptas visiting Zuma, but he could not say how many times. He said his job as a household manager included the upkeep of the residence, maintenance, managing staff, and liaising with the human resource office. He said he held the position between 2012 and 2015. The current household manager, Jacques Human, told the commission that he found minor changes done when he returned in 2018. He said he had been sent to another residence before 2013. He also confirmed the observation made by Sundaram. “Apart from the TV, everything is according to the description,” said Human. Former SABC senior journalist Gillian Pillay told the hearing that she covered the 9 August 2013 Women’s Day held at Thulamahashe Stadium in Mpumalanga, where Zuma gave the keynote address. Zondo asked that the investigators and evidence leaders view the Zuma’s whole speech to see if it confirmed Sundaram’s claims.