SA Football Association (Safa) are set for talks with the PSL over the 2020-21 season kick-off date. Fifa recently unanimously approved a set of changes to the international calendar, in response to the global disruption caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, which persists in most parts of the world. They announced that there would be a Fifa week from 5-13 October. Early this month, PSL chairman Irvin Khoza announced that they have tentatively set down 9 October as the date to start the new 2020-21 season. But it looks like the PSL will have to change their plans to accommodate the Fifa international week. This, of course, means the country's football governing body and the League will have to discuss dates for Bafana Bafana matches. Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe said: “We wilL engage with them (PSL) and hear what their needs are. But of course, you know that when it comes to the Fifa calendar, it is non-negotiable that the association will get the priority. “The plan is to have two friendlies (for Bafana Bafana) which will also include the Nelson Mandela Challenge. I have asked the coach to put his plan in place, once that is in place we will get the delegation of coaches to give us their plans.” For the upcoming Fifa week, Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki is organising two friendly matches to get his charges ready for their Afcon qualifier where they will host Sao Tome and Principe. “I am trying to arrange two friendly matches in October to prepare for the two Sao Tome matches in November,” said Ntseki. After the Sao Tome back-to-back qualifiers, Bafana Bafana will be back in competitive action between 22-30 March 2021 when they host Ghana in the penultimate qualifier before travelling to Sudan for the final encounter of the qualification matches. In whether there are any guarantees that Bafana will be able to get all overseas players in October, Motlanthe said if that does not happen they will have to engage Caf. He said: "If the borders are still closed by then we will go back to Caf. "If we face a problem with players travelling, we will seek further postponement. This, remember it is done after the study that was done by medical experts, who are saying they are anticipating there would be a bit of normality by October."