TV presenter and actress Pearl Thusi has apologised for the outrage
caused by news of her interviewing rape-accused comedian TallAssMo. TallAssMo, real name Mongezi Mahlangu has been accused by
model Lerato Moloi of raping her in 2014. Pearl and her channel BET Africa who hair the programme Behind
The Story, came under fire this past weekend when Pearl first revealed in a
tweet that she would be interviewing TallAssMo and his wife Mome. BETAfrica then responded with a tweet on its GBV stance but
many Twitter users including fellow celebrities were not impressed and pushed
the channel to cancel the interview saying it was insensitive to Lerato. Pearl had responded to some of the criticism towards her and
has now since deleted those tweets and locked her account which has more than 2
million. She had tweeted her American TV news journalist Gayle King
had interviews disgraced sex pest singer R Kelly and was never criticised. Last night the TV channel had tweeted that, “ BET Africa
confirms that the Tol Ass Mo and Mome interview from the upcoming new season of
Behind the Story with Pearl Thusi will not be aired on the channel out of
respect for the current environment, legal proceedings and the basis of
impartiality.” Now the Queen Sono lead actress had apologised in a string
of tweets saying it was never her intention to undermine the gender-based violence
pandemic gripping Mzansi.     “It’s so important to know who you are in a world where
people forget the good things you’ve done & change their minds at a whim.
The misunderstanding this week broke my heart. I have so much to say but
tensions are high, & some people will commit to misunderstand anything
said.” “That said- there was
never an intention to hurt, harm or create any imbalance in the fight against
GBV - a fight I have supported my entire career. And for that I apologize
unreservedly. To be attacked more than ALL the accused combined, or what feels
like it.” “It’s also a sign of how it’s so easy to attack women. I see
how the intentions with BTS misunderstood & I & BET Africa were take
responsibility for that. Many of you have no clue of conversations happening
behind the scenes & it’s too late now to bring those to light.