FAGRIE Lakay scored a hat-trick and Tashreeq Morris added the other as Cape Town City continued their fantastic run in the bubble as the defeated Golden Arrows 4-1 at Emirates Airline Park Stadium on Saturday. Knox Mutizwa scored a later consolation for Arrows in what was a bad day in the office for Steve Komphela's side. Lakay warmed up the occasion as early as the seventh minute as he thumped home from a tight angle after Divine Lunga lost the ball in his box and the former SuperSport United winger rifled it into the top corner. The former junior international followed that up with another thumping drive on the edge of the box and the ball flew in the air and completely bamboozled Sifiso Mlungwana in goals. Morris scored his first this season and third in 63rd minute to tap home from the empty net after good work from Surprise Ralani. Mutizwa pulled one back in the 73rd minute from the brilliant free-kick to net his net 13 league goals this season. Gladwin Shitolo should have made two for Arrows in added time but his shot was poorly saved taken. Lakay then completed his hat-trick in added time from the spot after Thami Mkhize was brought down by Matome Mathiane. City were rampant without talisman striker Kermit Erasmus. The in-form striker picked up a hamstring injury and was replaced by Morris in the 35th minute. City though were always first for everything without Erasmus. But it has to be said that it was a poor Arrows side that in the first half didn’t make Peter Leeuwenburgh work. When they had the ball, they looked short of ideas and Mutizwa and Michael Gumede were not getting any services upfront. Arrows’ poor form continues. They are still seeking their first win since the league restarted in the bubble. They’ll hope to get their season back on track when they host Nedbank Cup finalists Bloemfontein Celtic at the same venue on Wednesday in what will be the penultimate game of the season.   For City, it has been a superb restart. They have defeated Chippa United, Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns along the way before this win one over Arrows. They have won more games than anyone in this bubble (four). Their penultimate game on Wednesday will be against Highlands Park at Dobsonville Stadium. All these matches will start at 6pm at the same time. 