THE department
of education has threatened to come down hard on any individual or grouping
that will disrupt schooling as the Grade 7 are returning to class today after classes were stopped due to the pandemic. The department said it was particularly worried the School Governing Bodies,
whose role is to oversee the smooth running of schools, were hell bent of
disrupting classes. It also noted reports that Cosas threats to do the same. “The Department would like to remind all members of SGBs that the closing of
schools remains a legal function reserved for the provincial Head of Department
and when members of an SGB act outside the legal dictates of their role and
function, they risk the immediate disbandment of the entire School Governing
Body,” it said in a statement released on the eve of return to classes by Grade
7s. The department claimed dozens of schools were disrupted at Ekurhuleni in
Gauteng last Thursday and has threatened if this is repeated tomorrow it will
disband any school governing body that partakes in such action. “ In Gauteng, SGB members disrupted 38 schools in Daveyton/Etwatwa, 37 schools
in Tsakane, and 8 schools in KwaThema on Thursday,” it said.Two school governing bodies that Daily Sun spoke to yesterday said they were in
support of the Grade 7s returning to class and have encouraged their members to
desist from any disruptions. National Association of School Governing Bodies chief executive officer
Matekanye Matakanye told Daily Sun that the association was not aware of these
disruptions that are said to have occurred on Thursday last week. He said in fact the association has been in support of the Grades 7s and 12 to
remain in schools when it was announced that they will break for one and two
weeks respectively. “It is really not the SGBs but it could be individuals. We have called on our
members not to disrupt schools. But it must be made clear that the department
must make schools safe because it must not be seen as though we are sending our
children to death traps. “If the schools are not safe, then those who are saying should not open will be
justified. Also the department must deal with the confusion of teachers because
there are teachers in some schools who morbidities and have applied to stay
home,” said Matakanye. The department called on the community to protect schools against any potential
disruptions.  