UTHONGATHI FC director Nkosinathi Chili has applauded the decision to resume the PSL and believes they have a chance to return to the GladAfrica Championship summit. On Monday, PSL chairman Irvin Khoza said the Absa Premiership will return on 8 August while the Championship will return a few days later. Both competitions were suspended in March due to the Covid-19 pandemic. He said it was in the best interest that the season was concluded on the field of play to ensure integrity and fairness to all the teams in the PSL. When the season was stopped, Uthongathi were in third position – eight points behind leaders Ajax Cape Town, with six fixtures remaining. They are still in with a chance of clinching automatic promotion. The teams finishing second and third go into the promotion/relegation play-offs with the side finishing second bottom of the Premiership. The winner of that mini-tournament will play in the Premiership next season. However, to ensure they meet their dream and go back to the summit, the Cane Cutters decided to retain experienced players such as Siyabonga Nomvethe, Thanduyise Khuboni, Sandile Zuke, Chesyln Jampies, Philane Shange, Siyanda Zwane and Issa Sarr until the completion of the season, after their contracts expired last month. “As a club, we are happy that we are going back to finish the season on the field of play,” said Chili, whose side will play their home games at UJ Soweto Campus Stadium in Gauteng, according to the bio-safe environment (BSE). “We have not yet thrown in the towel of taking the first position again. Ajax are around our corner and anything can happen in football. “We also sat down with the players (and told them) that we have one goal and that is to see the club in the Premiership next season.” Chili said they are also fully behind coach Pitso Dladla, who took the post in March after they sacked Johnny Ferreira following a string of poor results. Dladla knows the club inside out. He was an assistant coach to Ronnie Gabriel when the KZN-based outfit was promoted to the Championship in the 2016-17 season. He was in charge when the Cane Cutters drew 0-0 with Swallows FC in the club’s last game before the season was suspended. However, the club has not won in their last seven matches in all competitions. “Pitso grew up in this club and he understands the culture and the tradition. So, as management, we are right behind him,” revealed Chili.