LEWIS HAMILTON survived an almighty late scare to win his seventh British Grand Prix in dramatic style on Sunday. The Brit's front tyre completely gave way on the final lap at Silverstone, and he just about nursed the car home with sparks flying everywhere in a heart-stopping finale. Hamilton said: "I have never experienced anything like that on a last lap - my heart nearly stopped! "That was definitely the most dramatic ending I can remember. "Up until the last lap, it was smooth sailing. The tyres felt great. I started to back off and then on the back straight it just deflated. "It was a real heart in the mouth moment when I could see the tyre falling off the rim. "I was praying to get round and I nearly didn't make it. "I had been really chillened and then as the gap to Max started coming down I was thinking 'how long until the end?' Hamilton's win, coupled with Valtteri Bottas finishing out of the points in 11th after he too suffered a late puncture, means the Brit already has a whopping 30 point lead in the championship. That huge lead comes after only four races where Hamilton has taken the last three pole positions and converted them all into wins. No wonder his rivals say that nobody can stop him from winning a record-equalling seventh world title. Both Verstappen and Charles Leclerc, who was third in his Ferrari, gave a simple "no" when asked by SunSport if anyone could stop the Mercedes man. And even Hamilton wants it to be more of a fight for title no.7 that would equal Michael Schumacher. He added: "I'm a through-and-through racer at heart. Growing up karting, wheel to wheel, that's what gets me up in the morning. "This is definitely not the championship fight I'd be hoping for . I'd want a super close battle with these two guys beside me. "I really really hope in future it's closer but it's the rules, ultimately. Every team is given the same rules. But at the end of the day we are doing an exceptional job collectively. "It's up to the guys running the sport to come up with rules which make it closer." - THE SUN 