IT SEEMS nyatsis have found a new way to promote themselves. And they’re doing it using a muthi targeted at getting rid of wives. SANGOMAS ARE NOW WARNING WIVES TO BE CAREFUL. READ: PICS: DIVORCE BASH TURNS HEADS! According to sangoma Jabulani Mthimunye, this R15 muthi works as is’chitho. “You’ll fight with your husband every day until you two decide to break up if someone is using it on you,” said Mthimunye. “That’s why there are so many divorces. Nyatsis are not relaxing and folding their arms. “They always try new things to get to the throne. They want to be wives.” He advised women to consult a traditional healer to find out if someone is not using muthi to separate them from their men. Sangoma Nzama Maluleke said: “Izangoma are like doctors – they heal people. “They don’t destroy lives. If someone makes muthi to destroy, that person isn’t a sangoma.” On the other hand, sangoma Manzini Shabalala advised men, especially those in serious relationships, to stop cheating. “That’s where the problem starts,” said Manzini. “When you cheat the other woman will want to be a steady lover and not a makhwapheni. “She’ll use muthi to get rid of her competition.” She said men who cheat are to blame when their women leave them because of is’chitho. “They’re the ones who invited trouble into their lives,” she said. “Why can’t they be satisfied with what they have at home?” She advised women not to brag to their friends about their men. “The more you tell them about how good your man is, the more they’ll want him and use muthi to get rid of you,” she said. Shabalala said that’s why some men date their women’s friends after the break-up. But not all women supported the muthi and said those who sold it should be arrested. “They’re destroying people’s marriages,” said Cynthia Ngcobo (35). “They have the nerve to advertise their muthi as if they’re advertising sweets.” ALSO READ: TAXI INKABI'S TELL-ALL She shared with Daily Sun how she and her husband of 10 years broke up. “I still don’t know what got into us,” she said. “We were always happy but suddenly started not to get along. We fought a lot and soon broke up.” She said her husband was now with another woman. “I almost committed suicide. I was very depressed,” she said. “My sister took me to a sangoma and I was told muthi had been used to separate us. “This isn’t fair at all. Such muthi sellers destroy lives and their place is in jail.” But some women didn’t share Cynthia’s sentiments. One woman said she didn’t want to die alone. “My friends are getting married left, right and centre. “As for me, men come but go. I wouldn’t mind using this muthi to keep a man for myself.” Another woman agreed: “It’s hard to find a responsible man these days. “When you do and he’s taken, snatch him by using muthi. Otherwise you’ll be a snack forever.” 