PASTOR Tebogo Mareka practises what he preaches. The man of God heard the sad news about Vuyelwa Ngaleka (15), who burnt to death after rescuing all her three siblings from a shack fire. Daily Sun published the story headlined, “She died for her siblings”, on Tuesday. READ: EX-SOCCER STAR'S A MAN TO INSTALL YOUR DISH Now Mareka is showering the family with clothes and food and said by Friday, a new shack will be build for them in Freedom Square, Mangaung. The pastor from St Mark Charasmatic Ministry in Kagisanong said he felt the need to help the family with some basics such as food, clothes and blankets. He told the People’s Paper: “My wife received a call from one of the hospital staff after the surviving kids were taken to hospital. The staff told her about the ordeal of the family and that they needed help. We don’t know the family, but helping should be determined by knowing the needy people. We need to go back to the basis and help anyone and everyone, like it used to happen years ago. I think the family will receive another shack on Friday because we already have other furniture items ready.” His wife Jennifer Mareka said helping a person makes a person feel lighter. “Our old parents didn’t know the government. They practised nothing but ubuntu and that’s how they survived. We need to gather together as women to help those in need. I regard the girl who died here as a woman and this is our month.” The warm winter clothes from the pastor and his wife were received by the kids’ aunt, Matshidiso Rataemane (45). Matshidiso was with her surviving niece Malefa (6), who sustained face injuries during the fire. ALSO READ: R15 MUTHI WRECKS UMSHADO! The little girl was happy to see the clothes. Matshidiso said: “We are greatly grateful with the help that we have been receiving from Good Samaritans. We are thankful to the pastor and his family. All the support we get is helping us to heal from the pain we’ve endured as a family. We’ve been visited by social workers and the funeral of Vuyelwa will be next Wednesday.” Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said an inquest was still under investigation.