Parents would know that a naughty child is often given a young spanking if they are found to be doing something wrong. Nothing hectic and malicious , but a good innocent spanking to alert them that what they did is naughty. Now many of us in the bedroom tend to be very naughty boys and girls who need that erotic spanking, and the Spanking Paddle is here to do just that. But before we take a closer look at this product, according to relationship expert Dr Pam Spurr, spanking is one of the sexiest acts if done correctly: "Many find it taboo, which is a turn on in itself. Then of course, there's the whole domination/submission thing going on, where one of you is 'powerless' to the whims of the other." Simply put, spanking can be sexually exciting and the Spanking Paddle could be exactly what the doctor ordered.  This week, instead of hearing from us about the specs and the functionality of our toy. We have a full review by someone who used the product. This is what they had to say: "My first experience of this beast of a paddle was on day 2 of a 7 day spanking punishment. Visiting friends, after a spanking, O/H told them of my punishment. Male friend then produced this, along with a wooden paddle with holes and told him they would keep me in line!O/H couldn't wait to try them and it was suggested that they should be tried there and then!I was bent over the garden table, O/H one side and male friend the other, each with a paddle and female friend watching! Whack whack, whack (ouch ouch ouch) on each cheek at the same time. They then changed places and repeated. Both paddles stung but couldn't really say which was worse. I was soon to find out!Day 3 punishment, as a warm up, I received 6 whacks on bare bottom with the smooth side,. Again it stung, but nothing like day 4 when it was used for full punishment! Day 4. I was put across his knee and received 6 whacks (smooth side), followed by numerous hard, short, sharp very fast whacks, which made me wriggle, and my hands automatically went to my cheeks it stung so much!Because of this, I was bent over his desk and my wrists were tied to the legs so the spanking could continue.Boy did it continue. This time it was turned and the diamond side was used. My cheeks got redder and redder until they were the colour of beetroot! I've never felt a sting like it and towards the end bought tears to my eyes.O/H said it was comfortable to hold. Loved seeing the marks it left and it's now his new favourite paddle!Not sure it's mine as yet, but will see when it's used for foreplay and not for a punishment!If your O/H gets one of these, I suggest you behave and not earn a punishment. My cheeks can still feel it this morning!I enjoy a good spanking as foreplay and have received a few punishment spankings, (always deserved) which are obviously different and are meant to hurt. I have always coped with the punishments in the past, even the cane. But the sting of this beast was something else!This will def keep you in line!"    