ANC Limpopo
senior leader Danny Msiza has been cleared in the VBS scandal after the
Northern Gauteng High Court ruled that the findings against him were unlawful
and unconstitutional. Msiza was implicated in the VBS scandal that threatened to destroy his
political career after investigations by Advocate Terry Motau into the looting
of the bank where municipalities were made to deposit money into the bank which
then looted by individuals with political connections. In the report titled The Great Bank Heist” which was released with fanfare,
Msiza was made out to be at the center of the looting who was pulling the
strings but the high court has disagreed, saying Motau was wrong not give him
an opportunity to tell his side of the story before releasing the report. This was after Msiza approached the court to review the report and set it
aside. His application was successful as the court ruled the findings relating
to Msiza in the report were unlawful and unconstitutional. The court further ordered that Motau should pay the costs. “The first respondent’s [Motau] failure to afford the applicant the right to
procedural fairness (audi) prior to the release of the report titled “The Great
Bank Heist” is unlawful and unconstitutional and violated the applicant’s
(Msiza) right in terms of section 34 of the constitution. “It is declared that the adverse findings and/or negative remarks and/or
conclusions made by the first respondent against the applicant in the report
titled “The Great Bank Heist” are prejudicial to the applicant and
unconstitutional,” the court ruled. It further went further to rule that it was clear that Msiza had on numerous
occasions intervened when his political influence was needed. The court ruled that the paragraphs in the report which implicated Msiza be
removed from the report. Msiza told Daily Sun that he was humbled by judgement but played down the
potential damage the findings would have to his political career.“I don’t have a political career I am a member of an organization. From time to
time our integrity would be tested and it is up to us to challenge that. The
judgement was an affirmation, supremacy and independence of the judiciary. It
made it clear that no one’s rights should be trampled,” he said. Msiza was recently reinstated to his position after a two year suspension as a
result of the report. The reinstated followed an ANC national executive
committee decision. 