BIDVEST Wits defender, Lorenzo Gordinho, is excited at the prospect of coming up against his former teammates at Bloemfontein Celtic. Wits face Phunya Sele Sele in the PSL clash at the Absa Tuks Stadium this afternoon (3.30pm). This is a special match for the former Kaizer Chiefs defender who will be facing one of his former teams that hold a special place in his heart. Gordinho spent the second half of last season on loan at Celtic, making fond memories and playing a huge role to help the Free State outfit finish in the top eight. “It’s a game I’m looking forward to,” said the centre-back, who joined The Students in January after leaving Chiefs due to a lack of game-time. “I’m looking forward to playing against my former teammates. I’m going to give my best so we can get a good result. “I think it’s going to be a tough game. “We’ve been watching Celtic and they’ve been playing some good football. “Their confidence is high having reached the final of the Nedbank Cup. I think it’s gonna be a good game, it’s gonna be another fight to get points.” The Clever Boys will be looking to get back to winning ways having found life in the bubble rather though, winning just one out of six games since the PSL restart. Gordinho insists that wins are just around the corner as Wits have been unfortunate not to win most of their matches since the league resumed. They have kept three clean sheets in their last four outings, a stat that encourages Gordinho heading into the remaining four matches of their final season as a PSL club. They are determined to finish on a high as they bring the curtain down on their near 100-years of existence. “I think it’s been a decent time for us in the bubble,” insisted Gordinho. “We have only lost once to Sundowns. We are working hard to start winning games. there’s not many games left and we want to finish the season on a strong note. “I just feel like sometimes we concede goals that are not directly in our control like set-pieces and things like that, which we have been working on. “I think we’re doing much better now to keep those clean sheets.”