 OUTGOING Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt will not struggle to get a club next season. This is according to Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane. Mosimane was speaking after Downs and Wits' entertaining clash in the Nedbank Cup semi final at Orlando Stadium yesterday. It was the two sides' first match in four and a half months after football in Mzansi was halted by the Coronavirus outbreak in March. Mosimane revealed that he was saddenend by the fact that his Sundowns outfit were facing Wits for the very last time as the oldest club in the PSL will cease to exist as of next season. Wits sold their PSL status to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila boss Masala Muluadzi. The Limpopo club, which current campaigns in the GladAfrica Championship, will not to keep Hunt as their coach next season because they felt he was too expensive. Despite that, Mosimane, who has formed a nice competitive rival with Hunt, said the former Black Leopards coach will get a head coaching job next season. “I don’t think Gavin Hunt will struggle to get a club,” Mosimane said in short following his side's 3-2 win over the Students at Orlando Stadium on Saturday. Mosimane is one of many people who is baffled at the decision of TTM management to rename and change the location of the club as of next term. He said this only happens in Mzansi because around the world, when a new investor comes in, the team remains in its formative base. “Unfortunately in Europe, names remain. But in South Africa, we change the names. You look at Leeds United, they came back to the Premier League (under new management after 15 years in the lower divisions in England) but name remains. “Glasgow Rangers were relegated to like Mzansi’s SAB League (after an original company that was running the club’s assets was liquidated and the team was placed in fourth tier) and they are back to the Scottish League. So Wits juniors can help the club come back and form a team. They’ve got a very good youth structure so we wish that they can come back.”