AN argument between two men who were strangers led into a physical attack and then death. Although it’s still not clear what the men were fighting about, it’s alleged they were seen arguing at a petrol station in Victoria Road in Pietermaritzburg on Saturday. It happened while they were in their cars. The argument heated up and they both allegedly got out of their cars and fought. One of the men, Nhlanhla Jila from Embali in Pietermaritzburg, was badly assaulted by the man and then pushed to the ground and fell. Apparently the 42-year-old man fell and badly injured his head. He was also allegedly kicked and then left lying on the ground by the man he was fighting with. Nhlanhla’s sister-in-law, Dali Mjwara (32), told Daily Sun that they were told by the people who saw the fight that Nhlanhla was injured but managed to get up and went back into his car. She said nobody from the petrol station offered him help as he sat in his car alone with the injuries. “My sister, wife Nontobeko Jila (38), kept calling him on his phone but she couldn’t reach him. But later that day she finally got hold of him. He couldn’t clearly hear what he was saying. She kept calling until he managed to tell her that he was at the garage,” she said. She said Nontobeko rushed to the garage and found him sitting inside his car, complaining about a terrible headache. Nhlanhla was even confused that he didn’t even recognise his own children. They rushed him to a medical centre where they were told that he needed to be taken to hospital immediately. He was admitted to hospital on Saturday but died on Sunday,” she said. She said her entire family is traumatised by this incident. “Nobody knew what led to the fight between Nhlanhla and the man. But Nontobeko was told at the petrol station that they were seen arguing and then they fought,” she said. She said the man assaulted Nhlanhla and walked away. “Even people who were watching didn’t care. They just told Nontobeko that the man who beat Nhlanhla was white. “We don’t understand how can someone just badly assault another person and nobody cares,” she said. She said a case was opened, but the suspect hasn’t been arrested. “We want justice on this matter. We want the man who beat him to pay for what he did. He doesn’t deserve to be free while he has taken away a husband, father from his family,” she said. The KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said the Pietermaritzburg cops are investigating a case of murder. Gwala said it is alleged on 22 August at Victoria Road near a service station, a man was found bleeding on his nose and mouth and was rushed to hospital for medical attention. “On the following day he succumbed in hospital. The investigation conducted revealed that the deceased was assaulted by an unknown man after an argument. The matter is still under investigation,” said Gwala.