FORMER environmental affairs minister Nomvula Mokonyane lied when she told the Zondo Commission that Bosasa never organised any party for her. In fact, Bosasa booked and paid for her “Break a Leg” themed 40th birthday bash in 2003. This was revealed by Frederick Coetzee, owner of Victoria Guest House during his testimony yesterday. Coetzee said the party organiser was former Bosasa COO Angelo Agrizzi. “I got a call from Agrizzi asking for a quick meeting. He came with someone from Bosasa, whom I can’t recall her name. He told me who the party was for and said Bosasa would pay for the entire event. It was for then Gauteng MEC for safety and security Mokonyane,” he said. Mokonyane denied during her appearance at the commission last month that Bosasa has ever paid for any of her birthday parties. She also denied ever being at Victorian Guest House. Coetzee said the party was one of the few events that stuck in his mind. “I was personally introduced to her,” he said. He said another reason he remembered the event was because it was the only event where they allowed alcohol for the event to be supplied by a client. Coetzee said he charged Bosasa R41 000 for the function, excluding alcohol which was supplied. Another witness, former Bosasa employee Bongiwe Dube, told the commission that Mokonyane received R17 000 worth of meat during 2017 Christmas. She said she received a call from meat supplier Big Boys asking about a “big” delivery they wanted to make. Dube said Bosasa offices were closed for Christmas break. She said usually they only took deliveries for churches, hospitals and NGOs during that time. She said she contacted her senior Catherine Mathabathe, who informed her that the order was for Mokonyane. “That’s when I found out it I was for Mokonyane. They said there is a big order of R17 000 here,” said Dube. She said Bosasa also catered for former president Jacob Zuma’s birthday party. She said they ordered a cake and snacks. Dube said during election campaigns, ANC leaders would hold several meetings at Bosasa offices. She said Bosasa would cook food and provide drinks for them. She said among senior ANC leaders she saw was Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula and Minerals and Energy minister Gwede Mantashe.