OPERA singer Sibongile Mngoma has opened up about racism in the industry. The singer recently posted a video about the issue on Facebook. “Racism in the opera space is real and it’s something that nobody talks about, nobody touches it – it’s a holy cow. “When I started singing opera I was called a black voice. But I’m not a black voice. I’m a soprano. “You can’t look at my voice in terms of colour, but in terms of what role it sings. “I had to fight not to be called a black voice. Racism in opera is so institutionalised that nobody wants to recognise its existence. “This is because opera is regarded as a privileged space.”Most of the time we are afraid that if we talk about it, we’ll be spit out.” ALSO READ | GOSPEL STAR NOW BAKES CAKES TO SURVIVE! She said she was talking about it because she wanted transformation. “If you look at opera companies, the ones that are still in existence, you’ll find that they still have white officials controlling them. The ones led by black people are struggling,” she said. “I’m therefore coming out because I believe transformation has been delayed for too long. The opera space hasn’t been enabled for black people to work in. “It’s a white-owned space that does not allow black people to thrive. “If you do become too successful in that space, you’ll be taken down. I know this because I’ve been there. I’ve experienced it and I’m not afraid to talk about it because they cannot hurt me anymore.” READ MORE | ACTRESS MAKES MILLIONS ON ONLYFANS She blamed government for not investing in opera. “When I started singing opera, it was state funded. When the new dispensation came, they said it was a white art form that excludes black people and started taking money away from it. “However, opera didn’t die because white people have been looking after their art forms,” she said. “There are opera companies that are too scared to change their management because, once they change it, they’ll lose their private sponsorship. “These companies don’t get the money from government, but from elsewhere. Our black people, with all their qualifications, are nowhere in the opera space.”