GRIEF was written on the faces of the relatives of the daughters, mother and sister whose dead bodies were found partly decomposed. The women Nelisiwe Dube (22), Nosipho Gumede (16), Akhona Gumede (25), Zama Chiliza (38) and a fifth woman who hasn’t been identified yet were all found dead since March this year. Women have told Daily Sun they were scared even when they were in their own homes and were relieved after the arrests of two suspects. The latest unidentified body was found last Wednesday after Chiliza’s body was found on Tuesday. Chiliza’s brother, Sibongiseni Khambule, (47) said she went to a local shopping centre on 6 July. When she didn’t come home they thought she was visiting her boyfriend. “After two days we went to look for her at the boyfriend’s house, but she wasn’t there. “We searched everywhere without success and reported her missing to the police.” Dube’s sister, Sithembile, (32) said she went missing on 28 June. “We went to look for her and then reported her missing.” “She was found by hunters. I went to identify her. It was painful to see my sister lying dead in the bushes.” The Gumede cousins disappeared together on 28 March and were found dead on 25 April. Their houses are a few metres apart and they used to visit each other often. Akhona’s father, Jeffrey Phehlokwayo, (56) said on the day they went missing he saw they were planning on going somewhere because they tried to hide from Akhona’s three-year-old child. “They used to do that, but would come back very soon. When they didn’t return we searched for them with no luck,” he said. Akhona was doing matric and had one child. Her child is currently with her relatives. “If I wasn’t born here I would’ve left this area,” he said. Nosipho’s aunt, Zanele Gumede, (28) said Nosipho was in grade 10 and wanted to be a social worker. “We’ve never felt so much pain.” The two suspects were taken in for questioning on Thursday and later charged. They’re expected to appear in court today. Police Minister Bheki Cele confirmed the arrest of the two suspects, aged (35) and (41). Cops had evidence that linked them to the cases.