Bidvest Wits will look to dent Kaizer Chiefs’ Absa Premiership title hopes when the teams meet at the FNB Stadium in Soweto on Sunday afternoon. Kick-off is at 3:30pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). The Clever Boys have put together an eight-game unbeaten run in the league, though that includes six draws – the most recent of which was 1-1 away to Bloemfontein Celtic on Thursday. The result effectively ended Wits' hopes of winning the league title, but Gavin Hunt's troops will still have a huge say in who gets relegated and who wins the Absa Premiership title this season. "Their biggest weapon of the season will be back in the form of [Samir] Nurkovic so I'm expecting a different team from the one that played against Sundowns. Obviously there were some players that played out of position [against Sundowns] that won't play there again. It will be totally different," said Hunt. "People don't obviously know the challenges we've faced, but we keep going. The players have given me everything. We will just continue going and give it everything we've got. "There will be a backlash from Chiefs. They are a proud club, the biggest club in South Africa. They are fighting to win the league, but we are also fighting for third. I think we still have a great chance [to finish in the top three], but we need to start winning games starting Sunday, which won't be easy that's for sure," he concluded. Chiefs have won just once in five league outings since the restart and suffered a sixth defeat of the season when they were beaten 1-0 at home by title rivals Mamelodi Sundowns. The run of results has put pressure on Amakhosi head coach Ernst Middendorp, who felt his side were unlucky to lose out on all three points against their league rivals. "It doesn't matter if you play Baroka FC, Bidvest Wits, or Chippa United, or if you play Black Leopards...it's not an easy task," said Middendorp. "There is no [easy] game and we have seen that in the past.It [the defeat] should not have happened against Sundowns, but we know why. "We were consistently in their [Sundowns'] half, one mistake, one counter on the side. We had opportunities and I think in the last and second last minute it was just a tap-in, easy header and it could have been 1-1." The teams met as recently as 12 August, in the first week of the league’s restart, and played out a 1-1 draw: Chiefs looked to be on course for all three points thanks to Samir Nurkovic’s opener, but Cole Alexander netted a late equaliser for Wits. - SuperSport