How would you like to be woken up in the morning by your favourite South African personality? Now you can with the Samsung Galaxy Celebrity Alarm feature. Users of Galaxy devices1 can customise their phone notifications and alarm noises to the voices of selected popular personalities. This release is inspired by the success of the #CassperNyovestAlarm last year. The Cassper version of the Celebrity Alarm will be available for free on the newly launched Galaxy A30s and Galaxy A31. Samsung sees the Celebrity Alarm as a major appeal to those who also enjoy the Galaxy A series, which offers Samsung’s premium smartphone innovations at an affordable price.  Celebrity Alarm, which can be downloaded on all Galaxy ranges1, currently features the voices of Baba Mthethwa, Cathy Mohlahlana, Maps Maponyane, Cassper Nyovest and many more popular personalities and their signature voices – and this number is constantly growing. The Celebrity Alarm functions not only as a customised alarm clock but also provides notification alerts for various day-to-day scenarios – users can get the day of the week and current time alerts in a celebrity’s voice. Not only does Celebrity Alarm provide you with a unique way to receive daily alerts, but the stars’ messages also vary depending on the weather, day of the week and the time. For example, if the weather is cold, Cathy Mohlahlana may greet you with “It’s very chilly outside, are you wearing warm clothes?”, and on Fridays Baba Mthethwa will remind you to get ready for the weekend with “Hothaaata banna! It’s a shuuuuprapapaaaaa, shuuuuprapapaaaaa…”    The Celebrity Alarm can be downloaded from the Galaxy Store for R9.99 per download –  for 3 months*. Once a user’s desired celebrity voice has been downloaded, it will automatically be saved in a device’s alarm sound list – this is then customisable from within the settings of the Clock app. Once a user has set an alarm, they can choose their desired celebrity voice by clicking on ‘Alarm Sound’ → ‘Celebrity Alarm’ → ‘Selected Voice’, or ‘More celebrity alarms” → ‘Galaxy Store’ → ‘Selected Voice’. 