THE SISTERS died within a day of each other. And that was only two weeks ago. BUT ACCORDING TO PAPERS THEY’VE BOTH BEEN DEAD FOR YEARS! In 2008 the three siblings were fighting over a family house, which led to one of them allegedly declaring the other two dead! She managed to get the house in Mapetla in Soweto, but when she went for the house in Pimville – which belonged to their parents – her secret came out. The siblings who’d been declared dead – Julia (71) Anna (69) and Mojalefa (67) who were are very much alive – discovered their sibling appeared to have killed them off in 2008. Julia and Mojalefa, according to the papers, had died of natural causes. The remaining sibling, Anna Mofolo (69), also discovered that her daughter was named as deceased. She said she was scared of the bad luck that may come with such lies. Anna said the two siblings died hours apart, and that’s when she discovered they were walking corpses three days ago when they discovered the documents. Mpho Mofolo (30), Anna’s son, said he’d been staying in the house with his aunt for some time – and when she moved out he claimed she forgot her documents under the mattress. “On Sunday my aunt and uncle came with their children and told me to get out of the house because the house has been sold,” said Mpho. He said it must have been the ancestors who led him to discover how cruel his aunt was when he found the documents saying his mother and sister were dead. “And these are the two women who’re sitting next to me right now!” said Anna. “There was eight of us and now there’s three left. They killed off my two siblings with stress with their selfishness. “They even had the nerve to put it on paper that my daughter and I are dead.” Lebo Mofolo (28), Anna’s daughter who according to the papers is also dead, wanted to lay a criminal charge. “This is fraud. She should tell the authorities what she was trying to do,” said Lebo. Daily Sun has a recording of Anna calling the sister who claimed they were dead and asking her why she did this. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Voetsek! I want my piece of the cake from our parents’ house,” said the angry sister. “That’s why it’s sold and I can give you your share if you want it. “It’s because you’re afraid of Mpho and you want him to stay in that house.” Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said the family can go to their nearest police station to open a criminal case. “They have a right to report these people to the authorities,” said Masondo. “The police will advise them on which case to open, which is likely to be a case of fraud.” 