AHMAD Ahmad says he is undecided about running for a second term in office next year in March when the Caf presidential elections will be held in Ethiopia in March. This is the country where the Malagasy stunningly dethroned long-standing ruler Issa Hayatou in 2017. Ahmad, the subject of an ongoing Fifa Ethics case, indicated that he is likely to decide late on and only after seeking guidance from colleagues. “I still take advice from all the participating parties of African football,” the Fifa vice-president told BBC Sport Africa. “Once it’s done, I’ll be able to say whether or not I go for it.” The former Madagascar FA head announced his 2017 candidacy four months before the elections, and just a week before their deadline, saying he decided to run after hearing some federation presidents call for change. “I do not do this function out of personal ambition,” Ahmad ventured. “I do it far more out of collective motivation and currently, even if I think about it a little bit, I do not want to think about it too much. “I’d rather put my energy into the obligations that Caf has to face these days, that are very urgent. Many things need to happen.” Since coronavirus spread across the world, Caf, like many sporting organisations, has been facing a logistical nightmare working out when it can stage forcibly-postponed tournaments, such as the next Africa Cup of Nations. It is also in arbitration with Lagardere Sports, whose billion-dollar TV and marketing deal was cancelled by Caf last October – a decision Ahmad blames on anti-competition regulations, but one which could cost his organisation tens of millions of dollars in compensation to the French company. While he mulls his future, some have seen this month’s decision by Caf to increase the yearly subventions for its members from R3,4 million ($200,000) to R5m ($300,000) as a possible first step along the election campaign. But the 60-year-old states the money is to help federations as they battle financial losses brought about by the coronavirus pandemic. “We are making an effort to stabilise our finances at Caf but at the same time substantially help the federations,” he said. Ahmad is the subject of a Fifa ethics investigation after his former Secretary General Amr Fahmy made various allegations to football’s world governing body against the Malagasy – all of which he denies. French anti-corruption authorities have also been interested by one of the allegations, which centres on a controversial deal with Tactical Steel, a little-known French gym manufacturer run by an old friend of Ahmad’s then attaché, which provided sportswear equipment to Caf in 2017 after an original deal with Puma – slightly smaller, but costing four times less – was cancelled. Fifa has not released information about the ethics investigation but has sent auditors to Caf.