MJEKEJEKE became a hitman at the age of 22 and has found the courage to speak about his experiences, 23 years later. The 45-year-old, who didn’t want to give his full name, advised young men not to fall into the same trap. He said even though many hitmen visited izangoma to be cleansed, spirits of the people they killed would haunt them. “Some families perform rituals over the bodies of victims,” he said. Mjekejeke, from a hostel in Soweto, said he became a hitman after moving to Joburg from KZN and not finding a job. “The situation at home was bad. I had a child, but couldn’t provide for him and his mother,” he said. He took the wrong path after a friend came to visit him. “He had his own car and I was impressed. I asked him how he was so successful and he introduced me to that life,” he said. Mjekejeke told Daily Sun they’d kill anyone for money, but most of their clients worked in the taxi industry. “He said they charged R10 000 for an ordinary person and up to R200 000 for a high- profile hit. He said taxi bosses paid the most money. “We got the business through referrals,” he said. Mjekejeke said some clients were families fighting over things such as houses and insurance payouts. “We charged less unless there was a lot of insurance money expected to be paid,” he said. “A woman once paid us R150 000 to kill her husband.” Mjekejeke said he wasn’t sure how many people he’d killed, but it was no less than seven. “When business was slow we’d do car hijackings. I got caught for hijacking and possession of an unlicensed firearm and spent 10 years in jail,” he said. Mjekejeke said when he was released early this year he decided to change his ways. “I’ve started a small business and have joined a church. “I fear for my life. No one leaves this job and stays alive. “But I’m ready for the grave if that’s what happens.” Gauteng Transport MEC Jacob Mamabolo is on a mission to have a gun-free taxi industry. Mamabolo has condemned taxi violence and said it’s tearing the industry apart.