DESPITE Bidvest Wits’ demise as a top flight side now on the horizon, Terrence Dzvukamanja appears unfazed over his future, insisting he will cross the bridge when he gets there. However, Dzukamanja said his ultimate destination is Europe, where a number of his compatriots are based, including captain Knowledge Musona, Tendayi Darikwa, Teenage Hadebe, Marshall Munetsi, Tino Kadewere and Marvellous Nakamba. “It is my dream to play in Europe one day,” he said. For now, the Zimbabwe international midfielder-cum-striker said his focus is on helping the Clever Boys exit the Absa Premiership in the highest possible finish, possibly in the top three. While several Wits top performers have been linked to a number of leading clubs in the league after the side sold their status to GladAfrica Championship side, Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), it is uncertain where the 26-year-old Dzvukamanja is headed. The in-form player remained tight-lipped in an interview with SunSport. “For now, I’m still a Wits player. As for other things, we will see later after this season,” he said. Irrespective of where he will be playing next season, Dzvukamanja assured fans of scoring more goals. He has scored nine goals in 29 matches and weighed in with assists across all competitions he has played in this season, including the Confederations Cup. Notably, he scored in all competitions except the MTN8. Still, he believes he has not reached his full potential. Dzvukamanja maintained his priority now was to help the Braamfontein-based Wits side he joined in 2018 from Zimbabwe’s Ngezi Platinum Football Club sign off in a respectable position. “We want to be in the top three,” Dzvukamanja said. He will, no doubt, be crucial to coach Gavin Hunt’s plans for the remainder of the season, as he exhibited last weekend in the Nedbank Cup semi-final against double-chasing Mamelodi Sundowns at Orlando Stadium. The attacker scored two brilliant goals in a match Wits eventually lost 3-2. He went off injured in the 86th minute. By scoring the double, he not only increased his tally in the competition to four goals, making him the competition’s top scorer. But he also took off from where he left off before the season was halted by the Covid-19 pandemic. He scored another two in the previous round versus Real Kings. He also scored the solitary goal for Wits in their last league encounter, a 1-0 win over bottom-placed Black Leopards in March. Dzvukamanja reflected on the loss to Sundowns and said had it not been for the injury, he was chasing a hat-trick. “Yes, I was going to try to find a third goal or an assist to help the team,” he added. – CAJ News