Bloemfontein Celtic will be aiming to build on their unbeaten run in the Absa Premiership with victory over a struggling Polokwane City side at TUKS Stadium on Sunday afternoon. Kick-off is at 1:30pm CAT. Celtic have gone four games unbeaten – all since the restart – after they held Bidvest Wits to a 1-1 draw at the same venue earlier this week, with Ndumiso Mabena netting their equalising goal. John Maduka was happy with how his team played, especially in a first half dominated by the the Free State club and will be hoping his team can continue to accumulate points in their pursuit of a top-eight finish. "Each and every game is very difficult and it will be no different against Polokwane City. Every two, three days you play a game. It isn't easy for the players but we need to keep going and we need to continue picking up points so we can finish in the top eight," said Maduka. "We could've done better against Bidvest Wits, we controlled the game in the first half. It was tricky, we took the game to them and we can only get better." Polokwane played to just their third draw of the season when they were held 1-1 at home by Highlands Park last weekend, extending their winless run to four matches. Rise and Shine have claimed just seven points from 13 away matches in the 2019/20 campaign but will need to a victory on Sunday as they aim to rise off the bottom of the league table. "I can't be satisfied with a point [against Highlands Park], we desperately need three. But the boys really fought and didn't play like a team that is 16th on the log standings. I don't know if I'm being biased but I thought we edged the game," said Polokwane City head coach Clinton Larsen. "Two points dropped, but now to look forward to Celtic. Most of the teams we play against we can outplay them, but we have to close the back door. I constantly see an improvement in our performance and I feel that the next win is not too far away." When the teams met earlier this season, at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in November 2019, Celtic claimed a 1-0 away win thanks to a late goal from Victor Letsoalo. The last six league meetings of these teams have all produced away wins. - SuperSport  