PHILISIWE ZUNGU has had her fair share of obstacles. But she slaps them aside and gets on with her life. AS PHILISIWE BUILDS HER HOUSE, SHE BUILDS HOPE FOR THE NATION! After she posted pictures of her construction work, people went crazy for her skills and started calling her imbokodo. READ: LET'S TALK ABOUT BEING SHARP MAKOTI - AND TLOF TLOF The 25-year-old from Pietermaritzburg, told Daily Sun she had to drop out of tertiary after her aunt, who used to support her financially, died. “My parents are both pensioners and their money goes towards groceries and other necessities,” she said. She studied civil engineering at the Umgungundlovu TVET College. “I studied masonry for three years and did my practicals. “Because I love this kind of work, I furthered my studies by doing a Nated diploma in civil engineering. “But then my aunt died. I knew it was the end of the road for my studies. I also owed the school,” she said. ALSO READ: R15 MUTHI WRECKS UMSHADO! But Philisiwe pulled herself together and came up with a plan. She asked her parents to buy building material to extend their house. “We bought a few bricks at a time and I started building,” she said. “If my lines weren’t straight, my father would tell me and I would go back and fix them. Philisiwe said the house was almost finished: only the roof still had to be installed. “People think I’m an experienced builder and want me to build for them. “I’m going to take the job offers to raise funds to go back to school, and I’ll hire other experienced people to help me. “I don’t want people to complain afterwards. I want them to be happy with my work so they can recommend other people as well.” Michael is proud of his daughter. ALSO READ: EX-SOCCER STAR'S A MAN TO INSTALL YOUR DISH “I wish I had the means to support her. She really loves what she’s doing,” he said. “I feel like a failure for not being able to help her, but she’s strong and a good worker. As a family we’re doing fine.” Social media loves Philisiwe! Ivy Matiwane said: “You’re an inspiration to many that you can do it.” Govender Johnson said: “You’re setting an example to follow. Well done.” Mosco Fani said: “My sister, you’re a true definition of imbokodo.”