A young woman who was a family friend of Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi has been killed,allegedly by her boyfriend. A devastated Zozi tweeted today that Asithandile Zozo was her little sister’s friend. “My little sister's friend, a beautiful joy to me and my family. She was stabbed to death by a boy because she didn't want him. I don't even know what to say. Ngxesi Malebomvu ntombi encinci. Uphumle ngoxolo #JusticeForKwasa #RIPKwasa”  My little sister's friend, a beautiful joy to me and my family. She was stabbed to death by a boy because she didn't want him. I don't even know what to say. Ngxesi Malebomvu ntombi encinci. Uphumle ngoxolo?#JusticeForKwasa #RIPKwasa pic.twitter.com/Ys1aFdwpJv  The hashtag JusticeForKwasa dominated Twitter today as many shared their anger against Mzansi’s never ending femicide. News24 reports that  Asithandile (20) was a first year student at Wits University and was stabbed to death in Dutywa in the Eastern Cape, allegedly by a man she had been dating.   Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana said the man was seen "chasing his girlfriend at the flats where she was residing" before allegedly stabbing her on Monday afternoon. "The motive behind the murder is not known and forms part of the investigation," he said. "The suspect whose age is not known has been admitted at Butterworth Hospital after he overdosed himself with tablets. He is under the police guard and, once he is discharged, he will be charged for murder. "Wits University spokesperson Shirona Patel said they strongly condemned all forms of gender-based harm."The loss of a young life is one too many - our hearts and prayers are with her family and friends, and those who knew Asithandile well.  May she rest in peace."The university was in contact with her family and had offered counselling and support.Charlene Beukes, Director of the Wits Gender Equity Office, described Zozo as a determined and driven young woman. "He [the suspect] had threatened that he would take her life if she left him. His family asked her to stay for her own safety," she said.  Another spark whose light has been dimmed too soon ?? #JusticeForKwasa #RIPKwasa pic.twitter.com/pYOdIwPyuY 