A music body, the South African Music Industry Council (SAMIC), is calling for a commission of inquiry into South African Collecting Societies. This comes after IMPRA's licence expired and CIPC refused to renew it. Daily Sun reported that CIPC refused to renew IMPRA's accreditation because "they refused to be audited," the spokesperson for DTI, Sidwell Medupe, had told the People's Paper. This prompted CCIFSA President, Joy Mbewana, to write to SAMIC urging them to resolve the problem. "We cannot sit back and watch while our artists are suffering. At the end of the day, the money must get to the beneficiaries. We have therefore asked SAMIC to engage IMPRA and resolve this problem," said Mbewana. President of SAMIC, China Mpololo,  told Daily Sun that  they have met IMPRA. "As  SAMIC, we  do not support the abuse of power, flouting of basic governance and management rules." "All organisations within the music industry must act transparently and respect the laws that govern companies and their appointed directors." "The royalties due artists do not belong to the Collecting Societies and their directors; they belong to members and must at all times be paid on time and to the rightful beneficiaries," he said. "We therefore call for the appointment of an administrator who will ensure that in the event of a withdrawal of licences due to the negligence of collecting society directors, members continue to get paid their royalties." "SAMIC calls on President Cyril Ramaphosa to institute a commission of inquiry into all Collecting Management Organisations in South Africa." In a statement, SAMIC  emphasized that and investigation is needed. "The issue of royalties and collecting societies deserves a much more in-depth investigation and an open public commission, so that this matter is resolved for good in a platform where all parties can be given an opportunity to state their case." "Performers and composers do not have the financial resources to do a forensic investigation of these allegations of mismanagement and corruption and as a result, they are always victimised by those they have entrusted to look after their interests." "In certain instances, their royalties are used to hire lawyers to act against members. We therefore call on the government to intervene and help deal with all these allegations," the statement reads. 