ORLANDO Pirates coach Jozef Zinnbauer is not sure whether it was an advantage for Mamelodi Sundowns to have played over the weekend as the two giants gear up to face each other in their Absa Premiership showdown at Dobsonville Stadium tonight (6pm). Downs edged Bidvest Wits 3-2 in a hard fought Nedbank Cup semi-final at Orlando Stadium on Saturday. Zinnbauer was keeping things close to his chest, only highlighting that Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane rested Andile Jali in the cup win. The former Bucs star only came in the 72nd minute to replace Siphelele Mkhulise as the Tshwane giants dusted off their cobwebs to reach the Ke Yona Cup final. The Nedbank semi-finals heralded the return of the PSL after all football in Mzansi was suspended in mid-March due to the coronavirus outbreak, and this will be Bucs’ first match since then. The Soweto giants last ran onto the pitch on 7 March when they were left frustrated by Golden Arrows in Durban in a 0-0 draw. “Maybe it is an advantage to have played the game before, or maybe not,” said Zinnbauer. “But Sundowns have a big squad with a lot of players and my feeling was Pitso changed the team and gave some players a run who may not play against us. But these are normal things, the normal way the coach works. “But we have watched their game, we have information on what we can do. We have analysed them and we’ll do our best. But we cannot forget that they have one of the best coach in the country who knows exactly what the’s doing. But for us it is important to win this game.” This match will be “home” game for Sundowns as per the venues chosen based on the PSL draw for the requirements of the biologically safety environment (BSE) in Gauteng, where all remaining matches will be completed. And, Sundowns have a score to settle. They lost 1-0 to Pirates in the first leg in December last year when Gabadinho Mhango netted the only goal at Orlando Stadium. However, the 50-year-old German coach admitted that it was not ideal to face a team like Sundowns without a proper preparation, stating there’s nothing he can do about that situation. “It has been a long break and we didn’t have a friendly game,” said Zinnbauer. “But we have to be focused on ourselves right now on what we can do, and I think we are ready.”