SAPS members amongst 740 suspects arrested over the weekend. The arrests come as various law enforcement agencies continue to balance crime prevention and enforcing Covid-19 level 2 lockdown regulations. According to SAPS spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters the , continuous  operations are aimed at ensuring adherence to the Regulations across all districts in the Province, balancing this with mandatory crime prevention duties. "These operations resulted in the arrest of more than seven hundred and forty (740) suspects, including two police police officers arrested for drinking and driving, said Peters. Peters explained that a 27-year-old Constable was arrested in Sedibeng on Saturday night after driving into an accident, injuring a bystander. "He was charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol  as well as reckless and negligent driving. Another Sergeant was arrested in Norwood, Johannesburg on Thursday night after his car collided with a Metro police vehicle. The 37-year-old was arrested on the spot and charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol," she said. Peters said not only will the two officers face criminal charges but they will also face  internal disciplinary processes. " Meanwhile, the intensified operations saw 283 suspects arrested in Ekurhuleni,215 in the West Rand, 173 in Johannesburg, 100 in Tshwane and  70 in Sedibeng. These suspects were arrested for Contravention of Disaster Management Act, said Peters. Peters said the suspects were arrested for other crimes that include driving while under the influence of alcohol, murder, attempted murder, rape, assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, possession of unlicensed firearms, intimidation and possession of drugs. The arrested suspects will be appearing at various magistrates court across Gauteng from Monday, 24 August 2020. Gauteng Commissioner of police, Lieutenant General Elias Mawela  extended his  condolences to the Tshwane Metro Police Department who in the early hours of this morning, lost three of their members who died in a head-on collision with a suspected drunk driver on the N4 in Pretoria West. "This kind of tragedy cuts deep in all of us, reminding us of the great risks taken every day by our men and women in law enforcement to protect and keep our communities safe. We therefore share the grief of the entire TMPD on the untimely death of the three officers killed in the line of duty," remarked General Mawela.