BIDVEST Wits coach, Gavin Hunt, is a man with plenty to ponder. But now is not the time for the 56-year-old to be preoccupied with what his future might hold. Hunt will be out of a job at the end of the season after Wits sold their PSL status to TTM owner Masala Mulaudzi. Wits, the oldest club in the PSL (99 years), will cease to exist with the Limpopo side TTM taking their place in the top flight. But Hunt can’t afford to let all these developments weigh heavy on his mind as he and his players still have a mission to complete. The Clever Boys, given their high standards, will be determined to finish on a high in the league. They are still in with an outside chance of clinching the title and they face leaders Kaizer Chiefs in their opening league match tomorrow at Orlando Stadium (6pm). Hunt’s charges will be still be licking their wounds after losing 3-2 to Mamelodi Sundowns in the Nedbank Cup semi-finals on Saturday. “That’s just how life at Wits is at the moment. I don’t know what more could go wrong for us,” said Hunt after watching his side get bundled out of the Ke Yona Cup. “But we can’t sulk or complain, we just have to dust ourselves up and go again. We’ve always had a good mentality, maybe not always the best players but I’ve ensured that they have a good mentality. “And the good thing is that we had three days to prepare for Chiefs, whereas we only going to have two for all the other games. “We have some mileage in our legs now, how we are going to respond to all that’s happened is very important. But we can’t make excuses, we should have won our last game.” Wits are 16 points adrift of leaders Amakhosi which makes their tie a must-win for the Students if they are to keep their slim title hopes alive. Hunt, however, believes it will be difficult for his side in the remainder of the season as he has a relatively small squad to work with. “It’s gonna be a long stretch,” added Hunt. “Teams with the best squads have the best chance because you can almost go like-for-like in terms of changes and we certainly don’t have that.”