KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp has admitted that the departure of George Maluleka has weakened his side. Maluleka, after six and half seasons at Chiefs, decided to leave the Soweto giants in June to join Mamelodi Sundowns after he signed a pre-contract with Tshwane giants. The Tembisa-born midfielder’s departure came after he couldn’t agree new terms with Amakhosi that were offered to him. Middendorp then explained that it was the right decision to let go Maluleka considering that his side and Sundowns are tussling for this season’s Absa Premiership title. Ironically, Chiefs lost to Sundowns 1-0 at Orlando Stadium on Thursday when Gaston Sirino scored the winner and these two sides are now tied at the top of the table on 53 points with three games to go, though Chiefs remain top due to their better goal difference. Middendorp says Maluleka’s departure came at the bad time since they couldn’t sign anyone as the league was suspended. “I’m hundred percent aware, something was ripped off out of our concept,” said Middendorp, whose side have only won once in five league games since the league restarted in bio-bubble. “Sadly we can’t change it. It happened, it’s done.” Maluleka was a key factor in Chiefs march to the title this season. The 31-year featured in 19 league matches and had four assists. Most of those assists were from set plays which Leonardo Castro and Samir Nurkovic were the beneficiaries in getting on the end of those balls. “It’s done and good. Nothing we can do about it,” added Middendorp. As that was not enough, Castro has left the bubble and will not feature for the rest of the delayed season. The former Sundowns striker picked a hamstring injury against Stellenbosch FC at Orlando Stadium on Monday and was replaced in just 27 minutes the game started by Nurkovic. Unfortunately, Nurkovic picked up a fourth booking in that game and as a result he had to miss the Sundowns’ titanic match on Thursday.  However, the Serbian bustling striker will be back when Chiefs visit Bidvest Wits in a league match at FNB Stadium on Sunday.  