'MNANGAGWA must go' These were the words of angry Zimbabweans who protested outside their embassy near Union Buildings in Tshwane on Friday. The protesters said they were in solidarity with their fellow country-men who go through suffering daily. Their protest was aligned with a national shutdown protest that was scheduled for Friday in Zimbabwe. The protesters are calling on President Emmerson Mnangagwa and his cabinet to step down as they believe he is dragging the country into more suffering and turmoil. Tawanda Karonga (33) said their message was loud and clear. "Zanu PF must go. President Mnangagwa and his government must go. Mnangagwa must vacate office because Zimbabweans are suffering," he said. Tawanda said journalist were harassed for doing their job, while majority of the people were suffering due to lack of water and electricity. He said there was also a massive inflation. "Mnangagwa and his government has turned Zimbabwe into a village as the situation back home is depressing," he said. He said he can't begin to explain the amount of pain they are experiencing every day. "People's rights are violated as they are not allowed to demonstrate their anger and feelings," he said. Bukhosi Sibanda, a lawyer, said they are protesting in solidarity with Zimbabweans. "We want to convey our message that we are tired of corruption, brutality, harassment and violation of human rights," he said. Trust Ndlovu, concerned Zimbabwean and MDC-Alliance chairman in Southern African countries, said they are protesting against human rights abuses. Ndlovu said they handed a petition of concerned Zimbabweans at the embassy. He said they demand the looting of state resources and state capture by the ruling Zanu PF government and their friends to stop. "We are worried by the humanitarian crisis caused by the collapsed health delivery system, grossly inadequate salaries of civil servants and grand theft of Covid-19 donations," he said. The petition was received an official from the embassy by the name of Mr Moyo. 