SOUTH Africa as a country needs to have a serious discussion about alcohol consumption because implementing restrictions is just not realistic. This was the view of Minister in the Presidency Jackson Mthembu, when addressing the media on the outcome of a Cabinet meeting. Mthembu said the alcohol ban was not discussed by Cabinet or the National Coronavirus Command Council, which also sat this week. “It goes without saying that as South Africans we are bad drinkers. We are irresponsible drinkers many of us, yes that’s a general statement. But that general statement happens when we relax restrictions around alcohol. But the reality is, can you have restrictions on alcohol forever.?" “Should we not have a discussion as South Africans on what do we need to do to drink like other nations? You know we don’t drink, we drink like fish. When some of us have taken (alcohol) we become monsters in our homes, we do all sorts of unthinkable thinks to our wives, to our children, to our boyfriends.“ "And even to the society that we live in, we become a nuisance to our neighbours. Of course, there are a few who don’t become a nuisance. What do we do? We need a societal engagement,” said Mthembu. The minister said after the weekend he has listened to a radio programme where the callers were revealing how South Africans drank like there was no tomorrow. He said that Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula was doing his best to ensure drunk drivers were not behind the wheel. But he said that was not enough and as Cabinet they could not come up with resolutions on this matter, as it needed the whole society to engage in because it was an embarrassment. Mthembu said the matter of the fake voice note on the ban of alcohol again was now in the hands of law enforcement agencies. “We got wind on Tuesday that there was a group of people who are misleading the nation that President Cyril Ramaphosa was going to address the nation and ban alcohol. If there was a classic fake news, it’s this one. “There was never a discussion in the ban of alcohol either by Cabinet or NCCC. None whatsoever,” he said.