SIFISO Ngcipuka was sitting with his friends at a local spaza shop when suddenly a group of armed men came and kidnapped him. It happened at Chicago area in Umlazi, south of Durban, in February this year. It’s been since six months now, but the 22-year-old young man hasn’t been found. His sister, Angel Ngciphuka (29), told Daily Sun that her brother was kidnapped on 15 February, allegedly by people who demanded R3 000 for his release. She said she was at home when she was told that Sifiso had been taken by a group of men who were driving a Range Rover without a registration number. She said Sifiso’s friends told her that the car came and parked in front of them, and one of the men who was in the vehicle pointed at Sifiso and they took him with them. “I was told that the men were armed with guns and golf sticks. When they took him they didn’t say what he did,” she said. She said she quickly called Sifiso’s cellphone. “The men who kidnapped him answered his cellphone. They told me to give them R3 000 if I wanted to see my brother again, but they didn’t say why they took him. I told them I didn’t have that money,” she said. She said she could hear Sifiso crying in the background, as they were beating him. “I then reported the matter to the cops. But when Sifiso’s number was called, it was off,” she said. She said five people were arrested later in February, but they were released on bail. “The five men have been released on bail, but we still don’t know where Sifiso is,” she said. “We have consulted nine sangomas and they told us he is dead. But they couldn’t see where his body was dumped. We do believe he is dead, but we can’t accept it. We just want to find him, dead or alive” she said. She said Sifiso wasn’t employed and was training to be a security guard. “I really don’t understand why these men kidnapped him because we are not a rich family. He also didn’t have enemies that would want him dead. This is a mystery to us. Now it’s been six months since he’s been missing,” she said. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed that a kidnapping case is investigated by Bhekithemba cops. Gwala said five suspects were arrested and are out on R1 000 bail each. “The suspects will be back in court on 1 October,” she said.