MUCH has been made about the tight battle for the GladAfrica Championship. Promotion to the Absa Premier Soccer League next season is at stake, there is also an epic tussle developing at the bottom in the bid to avoid relegation. Six clubs remain in danger of the drop‚ while a further three could get sucked in the remaining five games. TS Galaxy, Cape Umoya, TS Sporting, Mbombela United Jomo Cosmos and Royal Eagles are lying from position 11 to 16 respectively. All the six teams are yet to reach a 30 points mark.Rooted at the bottom of the table Eagles host TS Galaxy at Tuks Stadium on Sunday it will be a do or die affair. Eagles coach Milton Dlamini says winning this game will put a lot of stress to other teams above them. Eagles have been at the bottom of the GladAfrica Champions for the better half of the campaign. They resumed their campaign with a 0-0 draw against Free State Stars midweek. A win for them against reigning Nedbank Cup champions will see them matching Cosmos’ with 22 depending on Jomo Sono’s side getting something from third-placed Uthongathi also on the same day. “We’ll mark this game against Galaxy as the turning point for our season, optimistic Dlamini said. “If we get three points it means we close the gap to Cosmos and Mbombela United. “Interestingly, we are still going to face Mbombela so this game is a do or die battle for us if we have any intentions of staying in this league.” Despite things being so chaotic on and off the field for the club. The club did not only bring Dlamini back but also former Orlando Pirates defender Ayanda Gcaba. They have also added former AmaZulu striker Lucky Nguzana, former Baroka FC winger Richard Matloga and Nduduzo Phakathi, the son of Bafana legend Lucas Radebe. These players and the rest of the squad only had one week to train before the club entered the bubble in Gauteng as many of them were at home and not sure of what was going to happen to Eagles. Dlamini admitted that preparing their midweek match was stressful but he was happy with the point. “But the team we must beat are the ones that we are competing within the relegation zone.