MZANSI recorded its first coronavirus case nearly five months ago, and since then over 500 000 people have tested positive. Over the weekend, the National Institute for Communicable Diseases recorded over 500 000 positive cases, with over 8 150 deaths and 342 460 recoveries. The Western Cape recorded the most deaths with over 3 000, followed by Gauteng with 2 070 and the Eastern Cape with over 1 700. The Northern Cape, the lowest, is at 36. Gauteng had the highest number of cases at 178 000, followed by the Western Cape’s 96 180, and KZN with over 79 600. According to the institute, the highest number of cases were among women aged between 30 and 39, followed by women between 40 and 44. In a statement released at the weekend, President Cyril Ramaphosa said prevention measures were having an effect. “After a rapid rise in infections over the past two months, the daily increase in infections appears to be stabilising, particularly in the Western Cape, Gauteng and the Eastern Cape,” he said. “While it may be too soon to draw firm conclusions, this suggests the prevention measures that South Africans have implemented are having an effect. “Our recovery rate is currently about 68%. Our case fatality rate, which is the number of deaths as a proportion of confirmed cases, remains at 1,6%, significantly lower than the global average. “While South Africa has the fifth highest number of total Covid-19 cases globally, we have only the 36th highest number of deaths as a proportion of the population. For this, we’re grateful to the work of our health professionals and innovative treatments they pioneer.” Ramaphosa said additional facilities, equipment and personnel were being sent to provinces still experiencing an increase in infections. “During this month, the National Ventilator Project will deliver 20 000 locally-produced, non-invasive ventilators where they are most needed. “A dedicated team drawn from several institutions, led by the Biovac Institute, is preparing to manufacture doses of a successful vaccine locally. “We’ve empowered our law enforcement to investigate all reports of alleged corruption and irregularities in the procurement of medical and other supplies. “It’s unconscionable that there are people who may be using this health crisis to unlawfully enrich themselves.”