AMAZULU’s 1-0 win over Black Leopards at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday was a “step in the right direction” in the club’s survival bid, said caretaker coach Ayanda Dlamini. The Durban-based side boosted their survival hopes when Bongi Ntuli got on the end of his striking partner, Lehlohonolo Majoro’s cross to side-foot the ball into the net in the seventh minute. The goal was enough to see Dlamini’s side move to 13th on the Absa Premiership table with 28 points from the same number of games. They are three points ahead of Baroka FC (14) and four ahead of bottom club Polokwane City. What also pleased Dlamini most was that his side have not lost at their biologically safe environment (BSE) home venue at Atteridgeville’s Lucas Moripe Stadium since the season restarted earlier this month. With one game of their two remaining fixtures to be played at Loftus, Dlamini aims to conclude the season positively in what was a chaotic campaign for Usuthu on and off the field. “The fighting spirit was very encouraging,” said Dlamini, who was not impressed by his team’s defending against Bloemfontein Celtic where they led twice but had to settle for a 2-2 draw. “This is a big win for us. It is a step in the right direction and these three points will help with the confidence going into the last two games.” Before concluding the campaign in Atteridgeville on Saturday, Usuthu will “visit” Stellenbosch FC at Tuks Stadium on Wednesday (6pm). The last two rounds of fixtures are played simultaneously to avoid any team gaining an unfair advantage. Meanwhile, Dlamini was also encouraged with the combination of Majoro and Ntuli in attack. Against Celtic, the first time these two started a game together, Ntuli set up Majoro to score early in that match. This time, it was the other way around. Majoro put the ball in the path of the former Mamelodi Sundowns striker to score a vital goal. Afterwards, Majoro was named Man of the Match. “This combination augurs well for us going to the last two games,” said Dlamini.