August, according to climatology is deemed the last month of winter. The month is also deemed the windiest month of the year aka dust season. However more importantly, August in South Africa is the month of our queens and princesses. The grand significance of this month can be traced 64 years ago when 9 August 1956, more than 20 000 South African women of all races staged a march at the Union Buildings in protest against the proposed amendments to the Urban Areas Act of 1950, commonly referred to as the "pass laws". The march was led by Lillian Ngoyi, Helen Joseph, Rahima Moosa and Sophia Williams. Fast forward to today, the march that took place 64 years ago has emancipated the women of today to be bold and fearless about who and what they are. This year's women's month sadly falls under the horrific backdrop of gender-based violence, where men are brutally killing our core that rocks the cradle. Soaring data has revealed that more and more women in South Africa no longer feel safe in their own democratic land. Toppled with Covid-19, this years women's month comes under torrid socio-economic times. So how can we make this month, let alone 9 August, a special and memorable event for our queens? We take a look at some creative ways:  Sometimes when we say "it's the thought that counts", we often think it's a cheapskate excuse but it shouldn't be the case. Since most of us during this nationwide lockdown are working from home we have a little bit of value time on our hands, and research shows that this is the opportune time to test-drive our creativity skills. Instead of buying her a gift, create something that she will cherish forever.  We often underestimate the power of flowers and we often associate them with funerals.  According to florists, roses are classic, of course. (Red means “I love you”; white means “it didn’t mean anything, let’s just be friends.”; pink is somewhere in between red and white both in colour and in meaning.) But giving her roses is like writing her a poem that starts out “Roses are red, violets are blue…” Sweet, but obvious. This particular flower symbolises a woman in totality. We only see her beauty, but never the thorns of challenges she has to grow through.  Most women have to contend with building a career, running a household whilst ensuring everyone is fed. Scientists have found that men who are involved in household chores become more attractive to females, so it’s time to make that data work in their favour... and ours, of course, by cooking up a storm for her this women's month.  Men are often accused of lacking affection towards women. What does this mean? Readily feeling or showing fondness or tenderness. How many times do you actually tell her you love and appreciate everything she does for you? If you had to recall and actually count the amount of times you've done it then that's part of the problem. The old notion that men don't cry and express their true feelings is a myth. So this women's month, instead of only gifting it, try and articulate it in words. 