BARCELONA have sacked Quique Setien as coach, the club confirmed on Monday, with Ronald Koeman the frontrunner to be his replacement. "The new coach will be announced in the coming days as part of a wide ranging restructuring of the first team," Barca said on Twitter. Setien was only appointed in January but has paid the price for Barca surrendering the LaLiga title to Real Madrid and then being humiliated by Bayern Munich in the Champions League. His exit was finalised during an emergency board meeting at Camp Nou, which lasted almost six hours and saw Koeman emerge as the favoured choice to take charge. The club also announced next year's presidential elections, scheduled for June, will be brought forward to 15 March. Angry supporters had hoped they would be held immediately but that possibility was ruled out, meaning under-fire president Josep Maria Bartomeu will continue. "After analysing all the options, the Board considers that this (15 March) is the most viable date for holding these elections," the statement continued. "The Board understands that the immediate call for elections is not feasible considering the league will begin on the weekend of 12 September and due to the economic and social framework caused by the Covid-19 crisis." Setien's successor will still be under pressure to deliver quickly given a new board next year could install their own coach, with Xavi Hernandez linking himself to rival presidential candidate Victor Font. Koeman has been in charge of the Dutch national team since 2018 and is due to lead them at the postponed European Championship next year and the World Cup in 2022. Mauricio Pochettino was also considered but his previous comments dismissing Barca due to his links with rivals Espanyol have counted against him. Koeman and his agent were negotiating a two-year contract on Monday night, according to reports in Spain, with the second year dependent on the outcome of the presidential elections. He enjoys hero-status at Barcelona after starring for them as a player under Johan Cruyff and scoring the winning goal in the 1992 European Cup final. But his coaching career has been mixed and he would arrive at a club in crisis, with one of his first tasks to persuade captain Lionel Messi not to depart.