THE family of the four out of six kids from Inanda north of Durban, who were run over by a speeding car, said they’re devastated. It happened after a stolen car knocked down the kids as it was being chased by cops in Inanda on Monday. The driver lost control of the car and ran over the six children who were standing on the side of the road before plummeting down a steep embankment. The car landed on its side in between two houses. READ: MAN PULLED OUT OF SHACK NAKED WINS COURT CASE! The suspects managed to get out of the car and fled the scene on foot. Tragically a 13-year-old girl, Okuhle Shonga died while Owami Shonga (12), Lwandile Shonga (8), Lwazi Shonga (6) and two other kids were injured. Aunt of the four children, Nombuso Mthembu (50), said Okuhle had left the house accompanied by her sister Owami (12) to call her brothers, Lwazi(6) and Lwandile, (8) who were playing on the road. “Just in a few minutes we heard people screaming on the road. A resident came and told us that our children had been hit by a car,” she said.  She rushed to the scene and found them injured. “Okuhle was injured more than the other kids. We rushed them to a nearby clinic where she died. This was so painful to us because we didn’t expect such a tragedy to happen,” she said. She said Lwazi is still critical while the other kids are recovering well in hospital. “Lwazi sustained injury on his head. I think that’s why he is critical,” she said. She said as a family they don’t know the men who were being chased by the cops. ALSO READ: COMEDIAN UNDLOVU WASEBHAYI KILLED BY EVIL SNAKE! “We don’t know anything about people who steal cars in our area. We hope the cops will find the suspects and arrest them,” she said. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said Inanda cops are investigating charges of culpable homicide, reckless and negligent driving. “It is alleged that on Monday, the children were on the road in the Emaplazini area when a speeding car lost control and knocked them down. The car also rolled on to one of the house yard. The children were taken to hospital for medical attention and a 13-year-old girl later died. The other five are still in hospital,” said Gwala. Gwala said it has been established that the car was hijacked in Newlands East. The suspects are still being sought by police.