MOST mothers’ wish is to live longer so they can see their children grow to be responsible adults who will one day take care of them.But that isn’t the case with a mum who is living with a disability from Felekisi near Amanziimtoti, south of Durban.The mother of three, who uses crutches to walk, is hurting so much that she even tried to kill herself. This is because her kids allegedly abuse and treat her badly.  The mother  (43) has even left her home and she sleeps at her neighbour’s houses because she fears that her children aged (15), (17) and (24) might end up killing her.She told Daily Sun that her three kids, two daughters and a son who’s now a drug addict, abuse her.She said trouble began after their father died in 2017.  “After my baby daddy died I continued living with them. I tried all I could to provide for them, even though I couldn’t meet all their needs. My son (17) then dropped out of high school and went to work as a taxi conductor.”The mum said her eldest daughter (24) then introduced her son to drugs.“Then the two smoke drugs and are out of control. The youngest daughter drinks alcohol a lot,” she said.She said when they are high and drunk, they end up fighting.“I’ve tried several times to ask them to stop, but they don’t listen and end up fighting with me. As I’m not healthy I often go to the hospital and leave them at the house. When I’m admitted to hospital I always get calls from my neighbours informing me that they’re selling my things,” she said.She said they’ve sold things such as a fridge and her clothes to buy drugs and alcohol.“It’s been really hard. I don’t remember how many times I’ve had to call police to the my house as they often swear at me and even threaten to kill me. They even beat me,” she said.She said in March this year her son stopped working at taxi rank and started demanding money from her.“He accused me of misusing their late father’s money. He told me that he wants the money,” she said.“The latest incident was last Thursday when my son demanded money and threatened to stab me with a screw driver. I fled to my neighbour’s house,” she said.She said she went to report to the police and was told that she must get a protection order for her daughter.“They told me that they can’t arrest them. I don’t know what to do anymore. These children have turned me into a homeless person. They damaged my house. I’ve tried to kill myself because of them,” she said.She said she wants them to get help and for her to be taken for counselling.“I’m really confused. I don’t know what can help me now.When the SunTeam arrived at the house, the children were not there. Their mum showed the SunTeam the house and she then went back to the neighbour’s house.She said she heard that the girls were going around drinking and she didn’t know where her son was.“I haven’t been able to give my daughter the protection order yet because I came back late when I went to apply for it on Tuesday,” she said.  The SunTeam spoke to some of the neighbours and one of them, aged (53), said the children were causing trouble for their mother and it was very sad.“When she is in hospital they make noise at the house and even cause trouble with us neighbours. They sell her things to get money for drugs and alcohol. We would appreciate it if she could get help. She has also slept at my house when they started their trouble,” she said.She said when their father was still alive they were behaving well.“I think it’s the drugs and alcohol that changed them so much,” she said.Social development spokesman Mhlaba Memela asked for the contact details of the mother.“We will see how she can be assisted. But when it comes to addicts, it’s difficult to take them to the rehab without their approval. They need to commit themselves,” he said.KZN National Prosecution Authority spokeswoman Natasha Kara said: “Please note that matters of protection orders are sensitive.”