The untimely passing of Black Panther star Chadwick Boseman left a void in many people’s hearts. One of many was actress Danai Gurira, who performed closely to Chadwick playing Okoye, his protector on the award-winning film. She recently took to Twitter and shared a touching tribute to the fallen star. In her tribute, she said she is reeling from the loss of a colleague, friend and brother. “Struggling for words nothing feels adequate. I always marvelled at how special Chadwick was. Such a pure-hearted, profoundly generous, regal and funny guy,” she said. She further described him as the epitome of kindness, elegance, diligence and grace. “On many occasions, I would think of how thankful I am of him being the leading man that I was closely working with. A true class act, and perfectly equipped to take on the responsibility of leading the franchise that changed everything for black representation,” she said. She concluded her message by saying: “Lala Ngoxolo Kumkani (Rest in peace king).” How do you honor a king? Reeling from the loss of my colleague, my friend, my brother. Struggling for words. Nothing feels adequate. I always marveled at how special Chadwick was. Such a pure hearted, profoundly generous, regal, fun guy. My entire job as Okoye was to respect and protect a king. Honor his leadership. Chadwick made that job profoundly easy. He was the epitome of kindness, elegance, diligence and grace. On many an occasion I would think how thankful I was that he was the leading man I was working closely with. A true class act. And so perfectly equipped to take on the responsibility of leading the franchise that changed everything for Black representation. He made everyone feel loved, heard and seen. He played great, iconic roles because he possessed inside of himself that connection to greatness to be able to so richly bring them to life. He had a heroic spirit, and marched to the beat of his own drum; hence his excellence as an artist and the incredible courage and determination as he faced life’s challenges; while still guiding us all. He was zen and sweet and funny (with the very best laugh), attentive, and truly, truly, good. I can’t even wrap my mind around this loss. A loss resonating in my own heart as well as around the globe. The children he inspired, my heart aches for them, to lose their hero just as they finally found him. I am so thankful to have taken the Black Panther journey with him. To have known him, spent time in his light and leadership and to call him forever a friend. Lala Ngoxolo Kumkani. A post shared by  Danai Gurira (@danaigurira) on Aug 30, 2020 at 4:26pm PDT