AS his move to Glasgow Rangers edges closer, Bongani Zungu has reflected on his career in Europe and on his future. Rangers have reportedly agreed to pay over R70m for Zungu to leave French Ligue 1 side Amiens where he has a year left on his contract. If all goes well, the South African international could make the switch from French side Amiens to Steve Gerrard’s side before the new seasons kicks off in Europe, as lockdown regulations still remain in place. Zungu has refused to be drawn on the developments around the impending move Amiens. But he is expected to pen a bumper four-year deal with Rangers and move to his third European league in four years, and according to reports in Scotland, fans are already clamouring for his announcement as the Gerrard’s fifth signings so far. ”I can't comment on the speculated move. My management team are handling those affairs. But I'm focused on developing my game, and have been working on that since I arrived in Europe, ” said Zungu. ”It’s every players dream to play overseas and I'm open to a move that will help develop my game. There is a lot that players can learn from fellow African players playing in Europe. We haven't had a lot of local players going overseas, but I know the drive and interest is there from the players I speak.” Amiens will be competing in Ligue 2 in the new season after they were controversially relegated after the seasons were abandoned in France due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The Bafana Bafana midfielder has worked to model his game around that of former Barcelona and Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure. ”Growing up, I used to watch a lot of Yaya’s games, as Barcelona and when he was at City, ” Zungu said. ”I'm the type of player that invests a lot of time in football. I watch what top midfielders do, or if they have books or documentaries or anything like that. ”So I can say Yaya was a big influence in terms of the things he did on the pitch.” Zungu has never been shy to express his ambition and his love for the big stage. ”The big matches are nice. I love them and yes, I can play the big games. It's an opportunity to shine. It's an opportunity to showcase what one can do, and because a lot of people are watching. ”Playing against Dijon in France is different to playing against PSG. When we play against big clubs, it is more football, a lot of thinking, doing a lot of interceptions.”      -- tso