 BRIAN Baloyi believes the Absa Premiership title is in their hands, but could lose it if they are not consistent. He has called for consistency from Amakhosi if they are serious about lifting the trophy that has eluded them for over four seasons. "Based on how they play, it won't be easy," said the former Chiefs and Bafana Bafana goalie. He said his other former club, Mamelodi Sundowns, still have the cup (Nedbank Cup final) to play against Bloemfontein Celtic early next month, which should be used by Chiefs to put pressure on the Brazilians. "But they (Sundowns) won't make it easy for Chiefs," said Baloyi, better known as "Spiderman" because of his acrobatics during his playing da. Chiefs are atop the PSL table with 52 points, which is six more than second-place Brazilians, both on 24 matches played. Chiefs put the foot hard on the paddle on Saturday when they beat Polokwane City 3-2 in a fiercely contested encounter. But they had a stuttering start to the resumption of football where they drew 1-1 with Bidvest Wits. On Wednesday they face Bloemfontein Celtic at the Absa TUKS Stadium in Tshwane at 6pm. "After their clash (with Polokwane City), Clinton Larsen said it: 'these lockdown playing conditions favours small teams because they're used to playing in front of small crowds'," Baloyi said. "But not so for big teams. For me, Chiefs have to use their senior players to stand up and be counted. They're just looking at Sundowns and forget about others. "They need to convert the chances they create. They need to get to nine points clear to make sure they gun for the title. Another loss or draw would be four points lost, and Sundowns might catch up. They need to collect points as quickly as possible. "It's in their hands. In such situations, to win, senior players must come to the party and take control of the club. Senior players must hold it." He reckons Chiefs left it until late against City last week where they could only manage a draw. "By now they should have opened a big gap," he said. "They made it difficult for themselves. They saw how Wits played against Downs and they knew the team doesn't give give up easily. Sundowns have experience in such cases. Chiefs' problem is scoring goals on the run of play. But they must not rely solely from the heads. Goals will come from crosses. Opportunities are there from open play, but they must take them." Experienced players like Willard Katsande, Samir Nurkovic and Anthony Akamu could be key for Amakhosi on Wednesday against Celtic.