Eleven suspects aged between 25 and 35,
have been arrested after an exchange of gunfire between them and police. Two suspects died in the incident that left
three injured, including two police officers. This shocking incident took place after
a funeral at Marite Sports Ground near Hazyview on Saturday. “It all happened when a group of lawlessness
individuals held an after tears party where they engaged in illegal activities
such as vehicle spinning as well as firing shots randomly. “Police were alerted
and they responded immediately, however upon arrival, the suspects fired shots
at them injuring two. Cops then retaliated, fatally shot two of the suspects
and injured another. One of the two suspects who were fatally wounded, was
found to be in possession of an unlicensed firearm. During the commotion,
police managed to arrest eleven suspects and recover live ammunition as well,”
said Brigadier Leonard Hlathi. This incident led police opening cases of
attempted murder, possession of unlicensed firearm and ammunition as well as
malicious damage to property as one police vehicle was damaged. The two officers as well as the injured
suspect were taken to hospital for medical treatment and the suspect is under
police guard. The Provincial Commissioner of the South
African Police Service in Mpumalanga, Lieutenant General Mondli Zuma, has
strongly condemned the alleged unruly and violent behaviour displayed by the
suspects. He called on the community to continue adhering to the Lockdown
Regulations. The General has  also vehemently lashed out on those staging soccer
tournaments at this level of lockdown, that their actions leaves much to be
desired, including funerals attended by more than 50 people, totally
disregarding the Regulations. General Zuma has however welcomed the arrest and
wished the injured police officers a speedy recovery. "This country
is governed by law and we cannot allow a state of lawlessness to prevail or go
unpunished,” said General Zuma. The suspects are expected to appear at the
Calcutta Periodical Court on Tuesday, 11 August 2020.