MOTORISTS had to use alternative routes as bus drivers from Durban Transport blocked off many major routes around the city earlier today. They left buses parked in the middle of the road. Several routes including the N2, M19, KwaMashu Highway (M25) and Inanda Road were affected. Durban Metro police spokesman Senior Superintendent Parboo Sewpersad said the bus strike is a longstanding one. “The blockade started before 6am this morning, mainly affecting routes in the northern area like Queen Nandi Drive, the M25 and the N2 in the vicinity of Inanda Road,” he said. He said some of the routes were reopened and they had to use their cars to move a few buses off the road. “The buses were left on the side of the road for the time being but we will move them once the traffic has died down. Congestion in these affected areas lasted about 45 minutes but traffic started flowing,” he said. A resident, Nhlanhla Ngcobo (34), who was headed to work said he arrived late due to the traffic jams. “The driver of the taxi I was in had to use alternative routes to get to KwaMashu. I hope we won’t have to go through the same thing in the afternoon,” he said. eThekwini Mayor Mxolisi Kaunda, has denounced the blockading of roads with buses by Transnat bus drivers, a company operating buses for the city. “This is an act of treason and economic sabotage to say the least and those responsible must face the full might of the law. Our economy is very strained by Covid-19 and this unlawful conduct is compounding our woes,” he said. He said Transnat must move with speed and resolve whatever issues they have that resulted in this inconvenience. “We apologise to all residents and businesses that have been affected by these incidents and we are doing everything possible in our power for the situation to return to normal,” he said. Kaunda said among other grievances, bus drivers want to be permanently employed by the municipality. “The city has already started a process for a municipal entity that will take over the operation of buses,” he said.