BLACK Leopards eased their relegation troubles when they beat Maritzburg United 3-2 in a thrilling Absa Premiership match at FNB Stadium on Sunday. Leopards are now tied with Limpopo rivals Polokwane City on 23 points from 25 matches, but the Venda side remain bottom due to goal difference. This was Leopards first win since February having lost their last four league games before the PSL season was halted in March due to the coronavirus pandemic. Lidoda Duvha have now grabbed the double over Maritzburg having beaten them 1-0 in September. Leopards caretaker coach Morgan Shivambu was given the huge task to help the team avoid the drop following the resignation of Allan Clark who joined FC Llapi in Kosovo. Shivambu gave keeper King Ndlovu the No 1 jersey in the absence of injured Jonas Mendes in a bid to add stability in defence. Leopards still have the worst defence in the league having conceded 38 goals, followed by City who collected the ball 35 times from their net.Shivambu gave youngster Tiklas Thutlwa a chance to make his professional debut after being promoted from the MultiChoice Diski Challenge side. The 21-year-old rewarded this coach for the faith he showed in him when he grabbed Leopards third goal via a great header from a corner. This was after Maritzburg winger Mxolisi Kunene made it 2-2 on the stroke of halftime with a powerful shot to score his second goal of the season.Lidoda Duvha had a positive start and got rewarded in the 19th minute when striker Mwape Musonda broke the stalemate after Maritzburg keeper Richard Ofori had spilt Khuliso Mudau’s telling cross. Leopards midfielder Lefa Hlongwane doubled the lead in the 29th minute with an easy tap-in after Ofori, who lost his mother on Friday had failed to hold on to Musonda’s shot. King also looked rusty as he was caught off-guard when Keagan Buchanan pulled one back for Maritzburg in the 34th minute. Maritzburg coach Eric Tinkler said he was embarrassed by his players poor performances. He went on: “We didn’t perform. This is not what I expected and the way we defended was not acceptable. Today's performance was embarrassing.” 