SINCE lockdown started at the end of March, gyms have been closed. But mlungu Jaco Voster (21) from Universitas in Bloemfontein, Free State, has found a solution for himself. Jaco drives to Phelindaba in Mangaung where he is trained in military style by defence force member Rampolokeng Mkhutshane. This is after Rampolokeng’s story of him helping big mkhaba cops was published in Daily Sun on 28 February. Jaco said he lost 13kg in six weeks since he started being trained by Rampolokeng. Jaco said: “I started with the gym at the kasi six weeks ago. I am still a student at University of Free State. I am currently in my third year of agricultural studies. “Before lockdown, I wasn’t using gym companies. I was only using the gym and training with my boxing coach Rampolokeng, and he is still my coach. My goal for asking him to join me was that it was always my dream to become a professional boxer from a very young age. I was first playing rugby, but I quit rugby and then I was looking for a professional boxing coach and the best thing happened to me when I got hold of him as my coach. I started training with him the week before lockdown and I told him that my dream is to become a professional boxer. When I met him the first time, he believed in me and we are both working very hard and we are a great team. The bond between us will never be broken. He is definitely my role model. I’m looking up to him everyday and without my coach, I wouldn’t have been the same person that I am today. He definitely brings the best out of me. “We are a team and we both put in a lot of effort, and the best thing to know in my heart is that my coach believes in me and that keeps motivating me. My body turned into a very good condition and my coach turned me into a machine and took my boxing skills to the next level in a very short time. SINCE lockdown started at the end of March, gyms have been closed.But mlungu Jaco Voster (21) from Universitas in Bloemfontein, Free State, has found a solution for himself. pic.twitter.com/FVIwnerNjL  I lost 13kg in six weeks and Rampolokeng has turned my body into a machine.” Rampolokeng said Jaco boxes like fire. “I train him in everything, including speed. He does road running in the kasi and people love him. He is very humble and dedicated, and he is like my own son. In my 33 years in training, I’ve never train someone who is so committed and dedicated like him.” Tshepo Lesedi (28) said the mlungu was a motivator to many residents. “I love the new Mzansi and seeing Jaco choosing kasi for gym gives me hope. He is a good person,” said Tshepo.