SEEING patients hungry every day touched a nurse’s heart and she decided to act. Nurse Thathakahle Gumede (53) from Philani Clinic in Scottburgh, KZN, started cooking meals for hungry patients who came to the health facility for medication. Thathakahle told Daily Sun that the people who live in Philani are very poor. “So in 2018 I decided that I should start cooking for them. I started asking my colleagues to help me. I asked them to bring anything that we can cook for the patients. They supported me and we cooked and dished up for the patients,” she said. She said as they don’t have sponsors, they cook twice a month and only on busy days. “The patients really appreciate what we do for them and they are always grateful. My wish is to cook at least three times a week because these people are poor,” she said. She said she also raises the spirits of patients with jokes, dancing and singing. “I’ve been a nurse for 33 years in different health facilities in the province. I chose this profession because I wanted to serve the people,” she said. Thathakahle said she also grows vegetables on the clinic premises to assist some patients. “Some patients come to me when they don’t have anything to eat at home. I take from the garden and give to them,” she said. She said she wants patients to feel at home away from home and be comfortable enough to talk about their illnesses with her. “It’s even worse now that we have diseases that are making patients lose their self-esteem. So you will find that the patient at home is not accepted or is being ill-treated because of the disease they have. So when I sing for them, I’m trying to make them laugh at the same time making them feel at home,” she said. “I compose songs that are informative. As the country is facing Covid-19 pandemic, I have composed a song that encourages people to follow precautions to prevent the spread of the virus,” she said. One of sister Thathakahle’s patients, Nompilo Dlamini (44), said Thathakahle’s attitude makes it easy to communicate with her. “She treats us with humour. She is kind. She sings and dances for us. We even forget about our sicknesses. I’m also grateful for the food she cooks for us. Sometimes we even take the food home,” she said