Golden Arrow Bus company have offered a reward for
information that will lead to the conviction of the people burning its buses. Two buses were torched in Philippi this morning, taking the number of the
torched buses to five in the space of to weeks. The company’s manager Derick Meyer said they are offering
an R200 000 reward for anyone who have any information including video material
that may lead to the conviction of the perpetrators. “Golden Arrow is extremely concerned about the ongoing
arson attacks which have resulted in five destroyed buses in the last two
weeks. The South African Police Services are constitutionally mandated to
investigate these crimes and bring these perpetrators to book and we plead with
them to intervene decisively. Golden Arrow will also be offering a R200 000
reward for any information, including video footage of perpetrators setting the
buses alight, which will lead to the arrest and conviction of these
perpetrators,” he said.   Speaking about today’s incident, the company’s
spokeswoman Bronwen Dyke-Beyer said the two buses were completely gutted.
“Golden Arrow can confirm that two buses were set alight in Philippi this
morning. Both were completely gutted. That brings the total to
five buses completely gutted in just the last two weeks. Fortunately, no
injuries were reported and only the drivers were on board,” she said. On Friday last week, two buses were completely destroyed
and one was salvaged during an attack on R300. Two weeks ago, drivers were
attacked and robbed before the bus was torched. “This cannot continue – we need help and we need it now.
We are calling on SAPS and the authorities to keep our drivers and passengers
safe as they are constitutionally mandated to do. Public Transport must be
allowed to operate safely and criminals must be brought to book,” said
Dyke-Beyer.  Police spokeswoman Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana confirmed
the incident. "Philippi East police are investigating a case of
public violence and malicious damage to property following a public violence
that occurred in the early hours of this morning. According to reports a group
of about 70 people from Siyabangena informal settlement participated in a
service delivery property at Eisleben road. They blocked the road, two buses
were torched and motorists were thrown with stones. No one has been arrested.
Police are monitoring the situation," said Rwexana.