We live in a world where everything is measured or quantified. It's about how bigger and better your item is. This, as I've always, said can be traced from our childhood. Remember how you'd boast of how bigger and better your mum or dad's things are? If you've answered yes, then you'd understand where the quantifying of things began. Take the 4-5 for example. A lot has been said about its size and functionality. How size matters, and that size quantifies the sex that's going to have. That is why we've seen a sudden rise in male enlargement products on the market. From the tried and tested imbiza, to special shakes and pills. https://www.dailysun.co.za/LIfestyle/why-do-men-use-imbiza-for-the-4-5-20200729 Men have been investing in jacking up their 4-5s. Medical doctors have warned of the long-term implications of these practices, so the million dollar question remains: How can one grow their 4-5 naturally and medically safer? Experts advise on the following measures and exercising: 4-5 stretching refers to using your hands or a device to increase the length or girth of your 4-5. Although there’s evidence to suggest that stretching can increase your size, the results are usually minimal. In some cases, they may even be temporary. Manual stretching exercises involve using your hand to massage the tissues along the length of your 4-5. This is intended to stretch the skin and create “micro-tears” in the tissue. The tissues may appear engorged as they heal, making your penis look longer. This exercise is very simple but effective. It will improve hardness and size of your penis. How to do it: make sure that your 4-5 is partially erect and use a lubricant like baby oil or Vaseline. Hold your 4-5 at the base with your thumb and pointer finger. Keep you grip near the pelvic bone. Slowly move your hand up the penis, maintaining the pressure. Stop your hand just below the head/gland. This is one jelq and it should take you two to three seconds to do one jelq. You will have to identify your PC (Pubococcygeus) muscle. You can identify it by stopping the flow of your urine. The muscle engaged in stopping it is your PC muscle. Now hold the muscle in contraction for about five seconds and then release it. Take a break and repeat the method as many times as you want. You must do it for about 30 minutes every day to see an improvement in your erection.   