TRANSPORT Minister Fikile Mbalula has warned drivers that they
must now be 100% sober behind the wheel. In his short briefing in which he updated the more airports,
rail and other transport modes will soon be operating again under level 2 of the
national lockdown. He pointed out that the damage alcohol was causing in the
country from road accidents to the strain in the health system. “In the first weekend when the sale of alcohol was unbanned,
we have seen horrible scenes. We have seen cars driving into people’s houses.
We have seen our traffic officers being killed in one the accidents,” he said. Mbalula added that alcohol was responsible for about 21% of
accidents which amounted to R18.2 billion the government was spending on these
fatalities. He said the government was now busy with a law that will prohibit
anyone from behind the wheel if they are detected to have booze in their system. Previously motorists were allowed a certain amount on
alcohol in their system but now drivers will not be allowed any amount of
alcohol. That bill was introduced in June this year in parliament and
is hoping it would be passed into law by the end of the year. Mbalula said limitations were being set from time to time
and this didn’t yield desired results, the country is going for zero. “Now we are going for zero. There must be no alcohol in your
system if you are going to drive. If you are drunk you must let your wife drive
or let your friend drive. We can’t all be drunk,” he said. Mbalula also announced that taxis and buses traveling long
distances will still be permitted to only load 70% of their license as
inter-provincial travel is now allowed on alert level 2. “Rail operations are permitted to carry a maximum of 70 % of
their licensed passenger capacity.  Long
distance passenger rail is now permitted to resume operations subject to the
passenger capacity restriction. “We are happy to announce that in addition to the 14
airports already permitted to operate, 4 more airports have been given the
green light to resume operations. These are: Mthatha Airport Hoedspruit Airport
Phalaborwa Airport and Margate Airport,” he said. 