THOROUGH planning has been a key ingredient to Pitso Mosimane’s success. No wonder then that the Mamelodi Sundowns coach is already building a team for next season. With an eye for talent, Mosimane has recruited some of the best PSL players of the decade including the following: KHAMA BILLIAT Not only is he the greatest signing for Sundowns in recent years, but Billiat is also undoubtedly one of the best PSL players of the decade.In fact, he was the first big recruit for Mosimane, arriving from Ajax Cape Town on a bumper five-year deal in 2013. The Zimbabwean international, now with Kaizer Chiefs, went on to prove he was worthy of every cent spent on him, with several trophies, including a nomination for the Caf Player of the Year (Based in Africa) in 2016. KEAGAN DOLLY Another one from Ajax, Dolly joined Sundowns on the back of a terrific season with Ajax where he’d scooped top awards, including the PSL Young Player of the Year award. Dolly formed part of the Caf Champions League winning team and raked in several domestic cup medals before leaving for the French side Montpellier two years ago. BONGANI ZUNGU  He credits Mosimane for the influence he’s had in changing his position. Zungu proved a key cog of much of Mosimane’s success, winning the Telkom Knockout, the Premiership, and the Caf Super Cup, among other titles. He landed from AmaTuks and like Dolly and Billiat, is part of Mosimane’s strategy to recruit young players.The attacking midfielder is on the verge of joining Scottish giants Glasgow Rangers from French side Amiens SC. GASTON SIRINO  When Mosimane went on a scouting mission in Bolivia, he didn’t have Sirino on his radar. But it didn’t take Sirino long to catch the eye in a league match for Bolivar. Mosimane summarily opened talks for the transfer of the diminutive midfielder.T outed as Billiat’s replacement, the Uruguayan has since won three titles since he arrived in 2018. RICARDO NASCIMENTO  Not too many Brazilians have proved to be a success in the PSL. As they say, the wheat goes to Europe, the chaff filters to lowly leagues.But Nascimento does not fall on that list. A regular feature, when fully fit, the centre back is the first on the starting line-up and has always been since arriving from Portugal, winning two leagues and the Caf Super Cup. -Pictures : BackpagePix 