 As South Africa comes to terms with the so-called ‘new normal’, another all-too-familiar foe has once again re-emerged in the form of load shedding. Where once this might have been considered a troublesome inconvenience, its reappearance during a period in which many find themselves working from home presents a range of new and unprecedented challenges.In February, Eskom announced that load shedding is likely to continue for the next 18 months to 2 years, and while we have been spared for the past few months, industry experts suggest that a further five years of power cuts should be considered a best-case scenario.At a time when cold, wintry weather is blanketing the country, causing an additional surge in demand for power, many South Africans are now seeking out alternative sources of electricity in an attempt to disconnect - even partially - from the national grid. But given the range of options available – from solar power to generators – how do you decide which solution best suits your needs?Here are a few things to consider before choosing an alternative power supply:      Generators and UPS systems do not come cheap, so it is important that you consider insurance options for your newly acquired power source. While some insurers cover generators under their standard home insurance policies, this is by no means standard. Check your policy before assuming you are automatically covered. Additionally, it is important to ensure that your power source is fully compliant if you want to avoid having any claims rejected. You will need a certificate of compliance from your electrician upon installation and would also be well advised to ensure that you carefully follow all usage and safety compliance instructions. Be prepared If you decide a new power source is not worth your while, your best bet is to remain cautious and alert during days beset by darkness. Keep tabs on announcements from Eskom and make sure you are aware of your load shedding slots so you can plan your days accordingly. Additionally, you would be well advised to explore potential load shedding insurance options, as unexpected power surges can end up causing damage to appliances and other electrical equipment.Ultimately, while going off the grid entirely is very difficult, there are plenty of options available to South Africans looking to keep the lights on and still live their way. However, to avoid unexpected costs and damages, it is important to do your research and make sure you are selecting the option best suited to your individual needs.  By: Greta Goosen, MiWay Head of Client Services 