THE PSL has adopted the "Five Subs" rule for the remainder of the 2019-20 season. This as football returns in South Africa with the first batch of matches lined up for this Saturday at Orlando Stadium. Baroka FC and Bloemfontein Celtic will kick-off proceedings at 2pm in opening Nedbank Cup semi-finals before Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits complete the day's program at the same stadium at 7.30pm. "The PSL has been working hard together with various stakeholders to ensure that all protocols are strictly followed and implemented ahead of the kick-off on Saturday afternoon," said the league in a statement. On Sunday, the GladAfrica Championship will kick-off with two fixtures: Real Kings against Cape Umoya at Tsakane Stadium and Richards Bay against TS Sporting at TUKS Stadium. Both fixtures will be at 3.30pm. Fifa has amended the substitution rule due to Covid-19 and threw it at individual leagues across the world to decide whether they "wish to continue allowing five substitutions". Now the PSL has adopted it and will be put into practice from this weekend. "The league can also confirm that there will be five substitutes allowed in a match for the remainder of the 2019-20 season," PSL assured. HOW IT'LL WORK: • Nine (9) substitutes can be named (not 7) in the team list. • Five substitutions are allowed per Club during the game. • Clubs will get three substitution opportunities during the game (plus half time, which isn’t counted as one of the three). • If both teams make substitutions at the same time, this counts as a used “opportunity” for both teams. • In a cup game, unused substitutions and opportunities are carried into extra time. • Teams will get an additional substitute and an additional substitution opportunity in extra time, taking the total of subs to 6 and opportunities to 4. • Substitutions made before extra time and during half time of extra time don’t count as a lost opportunity. Meanwhile, PSL chairman, Irvin Khoza, will unveil the GladAfrica Championship trophy on Wednesday night at 6.30pm. Khoza will be accompanied by and GladAfrica Group Executive Chairman Noel Mashaba. 