COACHES in the PSL are ready to utilise their allocated home venues for the remainder of the season to their advantage. Stellenbosch FC coach Steve Barker is delighted they will play at Tuks Stadium as he knows the venue well, having had great memories while coaching University of Pretoria. The Stellies will resume their season with a date against Golden Arrows in Tshwane on 15 August. Said Barker: “Look, we are left with seven games and we are happy that we are playing at home away from home. “We are familiar with the venue and I hope we will win matches there. I am pleased with the draw.” Highlands Park coach Owen Da Gama hopes the Dobsonville Stadium, in Soweto, which they will share with Mamelodi Sundowns, will be in good condition to suit their style of play. Highlands will wait until 29 August before they play their first home match against Maritzburg United. “The quality and condition of the pitch plays a huge role for the type of football we play. “We don’t know the condition of the pitch, but you must consider that a lot of venues have been inactive due to Covid-19. The pitch was in good condition the last time we were there, it’s level and I hope we will play good quality football.” However, Da Gama hopes their training ground and accommodation will also be closer to the venue. He added: “We don’t know yet how far the hotel and training facilities will be from the venue. “There is a PSL board meeting and let’s hear what they will say.” Arrows assistant coach Mandla Ncikazi said he would have preferred to play in a smaller venue than Ellis Park, where they will share with Soweto giants Orlando Pirates. “But we are happy with what the league has given us,” said Ncikazi. Chippa United coach Lehlohonolo Seema said they are happy to use Orlando Stadium as their home venue for the remainder of the season. The Chilli Boys resume their season next Friday when they host Cape Town City at the venue famously known for being the home of Soweto giants Pirates. Said Seema: “To play at home in front of our supporters is always better. We are preparing for an abnormal situation (without fans) and we are happy to get a good field that is not strange to our players. We will play four out of six matches at Orlando and others at Loftus and Tuks.” Baroka FC coach Dylan Kerr said the Bidvest Stadium is familiar to them in their bid to avoid relegation. Bakgaga, who are involved in the Nedbank Cup semi-final against Bloemfontein Celtic at Orlando on Saturday, will play their first home match at the Milpark venue on 22 August when they meet Chippa. Added Kerr: “We don’t have a problem with venues, and we could have played anywhere. “I like Milpark because we have played good football there.”