IT’S been two months since a family has been waiting for DNA tests results. Now the family from Ndulini in Mandeni, northern KZN, is appealing to police to release the DNA test results so they can bury their loved one and have closure. READ: MINNIE DLAMINI SLAMMED! This after businessman Thulani Buthelezi (48) left his home in Joburg on 6 June to meet a man who was going to assist him with preparations for an overseas business trip. Buthelezi is the owner of Good Hard Security Company. He needed to go overseas on a business trip. But a day later his car was found burnt in Florida, Roodepoort, and it had human remains inside. Although DNA tests have to be done, the family is convinced that the human remains are that of Buthelezi. Speaking on behalf of the family, Khetha Ngcobo (47) said on the day he left, a tracking company noticed that there was something strange happening in his car. “They called him on his cellphone, but they couldn’t get hold of him. They also called a family member who tried to get hold of him, but also failed. The tracking company then searched for his car and found it burnt,” he said. Khetha said they suspect that he was killed and then burnt inside his car. “His wife and children had to go to Joburg in order for the DNA samples to be taken. They came back to Mandeni and waited for the results. Now its been two months and we haven’t received the results. We also can’t get hold of the man he was going to meet. Nobody has his contacts,” he said. ALSO READ: EX-SOCCER STAR'S A MAN TO INSTALL YOUR DISH He said Buthelezi’ company has been affected. “His workers haven’t received their salaries for the past two months. We also can’t do anything until we get the death certificate,” he said. He said it’s been two months now and they have been lighting candles to mourn his death. “His wife is in a terrible state. In fact, it’s hard for the entire family,” he said. Gauteng provincial police spokesman Mavela Masondo confirmed the matter and said the results haven’t been released yet. He said they do contact the family and they will continue contacting them about the matter.