It's going to be lit! Giants of South African football - Mamelodi Sundowns, Kaizer Chiefs and Orlado Pirates - will be setting the tone for the resumption of the Absa Premiership on Tuesday and Wednesday. Pirates and Sundowns will be sharing the Dobsonville Stadium pitch on Tuesday at 6pm, and Bidvest Wits have table-toppers Kaizer Chiefs at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday at the same time.  Chiefs are out to stretch their lead at the top of the table while Wits are heavily ambitious and want to exit the PSL in style at the highest position ever. Wits coach Gavin Hunt just lost 3-2 to Sundowns in the Nedbank Cup semi-final on Saturday and they would be out to vent their frustrations at Chiefs, who have become targets for all clubs in the league. Hunt, whose team are king-makers in this Premiership as they are going to play all the teams at the top, has always said he wants to win the PSL title for the last time before Wits moves to Limpopo as TTM. On the other hand, Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp has been keeping a low profile and no one knows what is happening in his camp, except that his number one striker Lebogang Manyama has won the Goal of the month for February/March, and that can raise expectations. Manyama, the Premiership Player of the Season in the 2016-17 season, got the nod for the goal of the month award from football fans for his solitary goal that earned Chiefs a 1-0 win in the Soweto Derby at the end of February. "His individual brilliance in the build-up to the goal saw him evade a couple of Pirates players before unleashing a powerful low drive from the edge of the 18-yard area into the net," PSL confirmed in a statement on Monday. In the Pirates camp, it has been dark city throughout the lockdown period, and their coach Josef Zinnbauer has been playing his cards very close to his chest. For Pitso Mosimane, his Sundowns team are an open book after having exposed all their plans when they beat Wits in the cup semi-final to book a final berth against Bloem Celtic next month.