Tweeps have defended actress and musician Simphiwe Ngema against trolls, following her pregnancy announcement. The talented actress, who just joined the cast of SABC2's drama series Bone of my Bones, recently announced that she's expecting her first child with actor and presenter, Tino Chiyani. Following her announcement social media was a blaze, with some congratulating her and some criticizing her, saying it is too early for her to move on. ALSO READ | SIMZ NGEMA REVEALS BABY BUMP! Some people went as far as to say they are very disappointed that she was impregnated by a Zimbabwean man. "I'm very disappointed to hear Simphiwe Ngema is impregnated by a Zimbabwean man." "Of all decent men in SA, she chose Zimbabwean men with stinking armpits." "How low can sisters go. She forgets her former husband was killed by Zimbabwean n Tanzanian criminals," the tweep wrote. I'm very disappointed to hear #SimphiweNgema is impregnated by Zimbabwean man. Of all decent men in SA she chose Zimbabwean men with stinking armpits. How low can sisters go. She forgets her former husband was killed by Zimbabwean n Tanzanian criminals. To jog your memory, in 2017 the actress lost her husband Dumi Masilela, who was tragically killed during an attempted hijacking. She has since taken her time to heal and in her pregnancy announcement post she has thanked her current lover and baby daddy  Tino Chiyani for teaching her how to love again. "Tino Chiyani, I will forever be grateful to you for this beautiful gift and for teaching me how to love again. I love you both with all my heart," she said. A post shared by Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Aug 12, 2020 at 12:04am PDT  But tweeps defended the talented actress against trolls and said she cannot mourn forever. "Simphiwe Ngema can't mourn forever guys. We all deserve to find love again," a tweep wrote. Another tweep said she deserves to be happy again: "Simphiwe Ngema one day woke up to be told her husband has died. A husband who wasn’t sick or anything. If there is anybody I wanted a happy ending for, it was her. We’ve seen her pain." Simphiwe Ngema can't mourn forever guys. We all deserve to find love again. — Cathy Bulelwa Mgwayi (@MsCatheee) August 12, 2020  Simphiwe Ngema one day woke up to be told her husband has died. A husband who wasn’t sick or anything. If there is anybody I wanted a happy ending for, it was her. We’ve seen her pain ??.    