KAIZER Chiefs’ title credentials will be put to the ultimate test in the next few weeks. Amakhosi resume their campaign with a tough clash against Bidvest Wits at Orlando Stadium tonight (6pm). This will be the beginning of a testing period for the Glamour Boys, as they look to hold on to their slender lead at the top of the PSL table. Mamelodi Sundowns, who have been breathing heavily behind Amakhosi’s necks, will be eager to topple them at the earliest opportunity. So, Ernst Middendorp and his charges have very little room for error as they look to secure their first league title in five seasons. Middendorp has admitted that his side are under pressure to perform in the remainder of the season, with expectations very high. “We have a huge task in front of us. We are all aware of it,” said the German mentor. “There are huge expectations from all the stakeholders and the fans. “The players are very focused to make it happen until the end of the season. “We have each and everybody available. “We are well prepared for this big project that starts against Bidvest Wits. “The project must be characterised with a finish that will be on 5 September. “We are aware that we have to fulfil the expectations but on the other side, we must not stop to enjoy ourselves and love what we do. That is what I have been seeing, with everyone in a good mood and enjoying.” Middendorp is well aware of the threat posed by their opponents Wits, stressing that the Clever Boys are even more dangerous now that they are playing for their livelihoods. Middendorp is expecting a tough battle, especially having seen Wits push Sundowns hard in their Nedbank Cup semi-final over the weekend. “I don’t think the commitment levels have gone down after the sale of the club. I think it’s the opposite and they want to finish on a high and show their value as individuals and as a team,” added Middendorp. “They are all playing for contracts elsewhere and this will be an interesting opener for us. We have to be aware and definitely at our best. There’s no doubt about that.”