BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach John Maduka has warned his players to tread very carefully against Baroka FC when these two sides lock horns in the Nedbank Cup semifinals at Orlando Stadium on Saturday, (2pm). The Ke Yona Cup semifinal double-header will be played in front of an empty Orlando Stadium on Saturday will kick-off the proceedings as football returns. Bidvest Wits and Mamelodi Sundowns are the other two sides that will get their first taste of playing under the coronavirus lockdown in the second match which is scheduled for 7:15pm. Celtic mentor Maduka, who has recently taken over from Lehlohonolo Seema as head coach, believes that the first few games will be tricky for the players due to lengthy lockdown layoff from competitive football. As a team we have to make sure that we are smart, we’ve got to be cautious,” Maduka said. “It's a very tricky game. We have not played any friendly games (during the lockdown). “We will have to adapt and adjust on the day of the game and make sure that we are cautious on our plan on the day we play against Baroka. “We have to be clever, there would be injuries, but at the end of the day we are all in the same situation, so we have to go out there and compete." The former Siwelele player said he is aware of the injuries that players might pick up due to the lack of games because of the lockdown. However, the five substitutions that were approved by the PSL will be very crucial, and they are going to make use of them. He stated: “Injuries, we expect that, remember the game pushes you. You can only be in charge when you have the ball. When you don’t have the ball, you have to dance to the tune of your opponents. “With the five substitutes it gives us an advantage when players are tired, it allows us to introduce the other players that are a bit fresher.y "We have seen most of the teams have started slow and we do expect the same thing to happen. "So, you'll see that the games will be slow but as time goes on, that is when the games will start getting better and better.” 