BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach John Maduka believes that Sifiso Ngobeni is the future Bafana Bafana left-back. The 23-year-old has been a revelation for Celtic since joining the club. On his first season in the professional ranks, he has made 21 appearances in all competitions for the club and his impressive displays have not gone unnoticed. On Wednesday, the interesting player played a key role when Celtic defeated Kaizer Chiefs 3-1 at Absa Tuks Stadium. “Very humble boy. You know‚ when he came for trials he was just sitting alone on the side. We were like‚ who is this boy?" Celtic coach Maduka told Media after the Chiefs game. “We gave him the opportunity and the boy did well‚ and we decided to sign him. He has been working very hard. He continued: “So in short what I can say is that anyone else‚ it doesn’t matter where they come from‚ if a young player has got the potential that he can play‚ it’s my belief that it’s very important that we give those young boys the chance so that they can also express themselves. “He is a future Bafana Bafana left-back. And if we didn’t give him a chance we would not be talking about him now.” Maduka said since they were given a chance to be where they are now, they also needed to give Ngobeni a chance when he came for a trial - if they did not do that we would not be talking about him today. “For us to have played football‚ or to be where we are today‚ somebody else gave us a chance. "So it’s very important also for us to make sure we give the chance to boys with potential out there‚ so that one day they can take over. Ngobeni will be looking at continuing with his fine displays when Celtic visits Lucas Moripe Stadium on Monday where they will play relegation-threatened AmaZulu FC at 3.30 pm. Celtic are yet to lose a match since the resumption of football and Maduka said they have put all the problems aside and focus on what is at stake as they are eyeing a top-eight finish. Since the resumption of football Celtic have played three games. They defeated Baroka FC in the semifinals to reach the Nedbank Cup final‚ and drew 1-1 against SuperSport United before beating Chiefs 3-1 midweek.