COVID-19 has changed the way we do business, with many entrepreneurs and
budding business owners using technology to find new opportunities. Local personality Simphiwe Ngema, popularly known as Simz by her
fans, says technology has made it possible for entrepreneurs to access
information, customers, and potential investors without needing to leave their
homes. We caught up with Simz who is the Founder of EternalCrush and a Gold
Series Perfumes Brand Ambassador and asked her to share tips on how she's
continued to grow her business during these unsettling times. ‘It’s my experience that a quality product or service paired with a
healthy dose of determination can go a long way to ensuring business success.
The lockdown does not have to mean the end of a dream, ambition or business
idea, in fact, it could lead to many opportunities.” says Simz. She suggests the
following tips for growing a business from home: It is
important to make it easy for your customers to reach you, whether it’s on
social media or via your website. Increasing your online presence creates new
opportunities for your business and will help you leverage more exposure on
social media. As an entrepreneur, your customers are your main source of income, consciously engaging and
communicating with them consistently will help drive sales and traffic to your
website. 2.  
                Be part of an ecosystem It is
often said that it takes an ecosystem to create a successful start-up. As an
entrepreneur, it is important to recognise the need to connect, collaborate and
exchange ideas with other like-minded individuals and entrepreneurs. Ecosystems
are not just communities in which to network, but also to learn from the
mistakes of others, gain great referrals, as well as you, gain a support system
that can help you pick yourself up on the hard days. Look out for relevant
groups on Facebook, or join a local co-working space to spend time in once it’s
safe (for the moment, you might benefit from a virtual membership). “I also
ensure that I show up and take part in industry events to help grow my business
and other businesses that I support like Gold Series”. 3.  
                Time management Time
management is important! No one is productive 24/7. Set aside time to work on
your personal development and learning opportunities, and time to work on your
business. As an entrepreneur, you need to find a routine or time management
software that will help you increase your productivity and track and measure
your efforts and activities. It’s also important to set boundaries so that your
work starts and ends at certain times, leaving weekends and evenings free to
spend with family and friends. Simz
attributes the growth of her own business to following these three pieces of
advice as well as many women who have taught the importance of investing in
herself first and appreciating the value of teamwork. Gold Series Perfumes are available at leading retailers.