"Everyone falls in love sometimes. Sometimes it's wrong, sometimes it's right." This is undoubtedly one of the most romantic songs ever composed. The late Whitney Houston hit not only became the biggest movie soundtrack, it also became a benchmark for what we measured love to be. We often forget that life, like a coin, is two-folds or two-sided. Sometimes it's wrong, or as kasi would deem it is krap. Or sometimes is right, in other words kop. But if you listen further to this song, you would find out that there comes a point when we need to take moment or as the songstress says: "Exhale." This profoundly written song tackles a sad rhetorical question I ask on the articles headline. Will we ever find true love in this lifetime? According to relationship experts, there is a five-part-personal process one needs to go through before seeking that true love: It sounds obvious when you read it, but psychologists says over 50% of people in the world suffer from what experts call cognitive-dissonance. In other words, people sadly don't know what they want. So firstly ascertain what is it do that you want? The basic rule of any invest is: "What you put in is what you get out from it." Therefore, true love is not a one way stream but it should also be something your'e willing to invest in. In market or communication, a value proposition is a promise of value to be delivered, communicated, and acknowledged. Simply put, what type of being are bringing forth before the usual expectation from your lover. Emotional intelligence is key to preparing yourself for your true love. Research shows that many of us carry previous emotional baggage from our previous relationships. True love is free from the past. My mother always says that the easiest thing to do in the world is being yourself. Many of us in relationships try to be things we're not and as Maya Angelou once said in a movie: "Love is true and it is never unsure." In conclusion, our quest to true love lies in us navigating through the uphills and downhills of our journey. Remember, there's always two sides to life and the one can't do without the other.  