THE GladAfrica Championship swings back into action this weekend after a four and a half month’s break due to the Covid-19 outbreak. And teams will have no time to ease themselves back into the swing of things as action will be coming thick and fast. Automatic promotion and the play-off spots are still up for grabs for a number of teams, while others will be fighting tooth and nail to stave off the dreaded relegation axe. Real Kings and Cape Umoya will kick things off at Tsakane Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm), with Richards Bay and TS Sporting locking horns at the same time at Tuks Stadium. But one of the standout fixtures will include third-placed Uthongathi up against JDR Stars at UJ Soweto Campus next Tuesday (3.30pm). Next Wednesday, Swallows FC will look to continue their recent resurgence when they face Sporting at Tsakane Stadium. The Dube Birds are just six matches away from completing an epic comeback to the land of milk and honey. They are currently on a quest for redemption following their lengthy spell in the lower-tiers of football, which began when they were relegated from the Absa Premiership at the end of the 2014-15 season. Their return to the professional ranks this season has so far gone better than many would have expected, as the Birds are competing for promotion back to the top flight. Swallows coach Brandon Truter said his charges are fully focused on the last six matches of the season, adding that they are all must-win matches. “We are looking forward to the resumption of the league, everyone is excited to complete the season. “We have to be switched on from the word go because there is a lot at stake, and we want to finish strong and achieve our goals,” said Truter. “Obviously, it will be unusual being in the bio-bubble and having to call Makhulong Stadium home, but it’s the same for everyone.” Swallows are currently in second place on the Championship standings, seven points adrift of leaders Ajax Cape Town. Truter has vowed that his side will push the Mother City outfit until the end. “They are seven points ahead of us at the moment, but a lot can still happen,” added Truter. “We still have to play them at Rand Stadium. They still have to play some of the top five teams as well. “There are six games left and 18 points to fight for, anything can still happen.”