Stellenbosch FC produced a masterclass in tactical organisation as they defeated Cape Town City 1-0 to claim victory in their Absa Premiership provincial derby at the Tuks Stadium on Thursday. Stellies have now won two from two since the season restart, both by 1-0 margins, as they proved once again what a difficult side they are to break down, and how lightening quick they can be on the counter-attack. The lone goal came from young forward Leletu Skelem, whose partnership up front with another local Stellenbosch star in Ashley du Preez was one of the highlights of the evening. “Credit must go to the players for the commitment they showed, those are the types of players we want, who are willing to fight for each other and fight for the club," coach Steve Barker said. "It was a magnificent three points for us to get to our first objective [avoiding relegation], now we can take the momentum from these two wins into the remaining four matches and see where it takes us. "Tactically we knew they would have possession. We sat off and allowed them to have the ball, and played on the transition. "We were a little bit unlucky not to get something from the first half. But we came out in the second and got the lead, then we had to sit back. “There were a few hairy moments towards the end, but I thought it was well-executed by the players, who showed great commitment and focus.” Barker had special praise for Skelem and Du Preez, who were a constant thorn in the side of City. "It was fantastic for the two youngsters, the great part is that they are Stellenbosch-born and to see them flourish and take the opportunities is fantastic for me and the whole of our community.” Stellies are next in action on Sunday against table-topping Kaizer Chiefs, and are now one of five teams likely fighting for two top eight places in the middle of the table. "We have got some tough teams coming up, starting with Chiefs on Sunday. They have got their league ambitions, but we have got our own ones. But the pressure is not on us, now is the time we can put some pressure on the teams above us and see where we come.