TOP South Africa junior middleweight contender, Brandon “Fast Gun” Thysse, has set his sights on winning the 4@War competition as boxing makes its much anticipated return. Thysse will meet his cross-town rival Boyd Allen in the final of the junior middleweight competition over 10 rounds at Emperors Palace on 10 October. Also at stake will be Allen’s World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African title. The pair have produced outstanding knockout victories to earn their spot in final of this money spinning competition. Thysse, the son of former boxer and promoter Andre Thysse, demolished Roarke Knapp in seven rounds, while Allen the former Mixed Martial Arts fighter shocked Tristin Truter with a 10th round stoppage. The determined, promising fighter who fell short on his quest to dethrone Allen, the WBA junior middleweight regional champion the last time they fought, said winning the tournament means everything to him. “Definitely winning this series will open new doors and opportunities for me, with my team behind me,” he vowed. “I know we are ready to take on what comes. I will beat Allen. I did not take part in this tournament to just do well. I am in it to win it and make a statement. “I came to the 4@War competition as an underdog and I will rise in the occasion, come fight night I will make it happen.” Thysse said he won’t leave it to the judges as he believes he did enough to win his previous encounter. The talented fighter, who displayed an improved performance against Knapp during the semi-finals, has vowed to be fitter, stronger and smarter than he was in his last outing. “I want victory more than Allen does. “I honestly believe that I won the (last) fight but the judges saw it otherwise. This time I will take the decision out of their hands. I know I am a better fighter than him,” added Thysse. This mouth-watering encounter between the two junior middleweight sensations was supposed to take place in March, but was postponed due to the coronavirus outbreak. Thysse and Allen will share the R1.8m purse, with the winner taking 60% while the loser settling for 40%.