VETERAN actress Tina Jaxa has accepted a role of being a magosha for, but for 13 weeks only. But her new-found profession will be short-lived as a well-known pastor is vying for her hand in marriage. This is her storyline in the new drama series called Erased, which will be aired on Moja Love from the beginning of next month. In a not-to-be-missed drama series, Jaxa will play the role of Danai Moringa, a 68-year-old prostitute who has more clients than her younger colleagues. Jaxa told the SunTeam her role is that of a woman who was abandoned by her parents at the age of 14 and had to use her body to earn an income. “Even when she has kids, she cannot get out of it. She then gets married and become the first lady in church,” said Jaxa. She said the role of a prostitute was highly challenging for her. “I never had challenges of portraying a certain character like this one before. It was highly challenging. Normally, when I get a script, I would take a bio and brief and go home and get into a quiet room to go through it and meditate about it. "In my meditation, I would try to find that person and have a conversation or interview with them. I would ask permission to play that person and ask that the moment they say it’s a wrap, that should end our relationship. “But this was different because this is a true story. Instead, I had to have telepathy with Danai,” she said. She said playing the role made her realise that different situations force women into doing things they normally would not do. “I find myself asking many critical questions like ‘how about decriminalising the profession?’,” she said. She said it also made her realise that what she is doing for her family is what prostitutes are doing for their families. “They are hustling,” she said. According to the channel, the series, which is bound to set tongues wagging, is about women who want to love and be beloved. Head of scripted department and co-producer of the series Mpho Lengane said the vision of the channel is to offer black experience and black stories in its purest form. “It has to be a ground-breaking, which majority of black people has to relate to,” she said. Jaxa will be acting alongside Thandiwe Maphumulo, Zethu Dlomo and Dumisani Mbebe, among others.