THE ABC Motsepe League teams are expected back at training on 1 September as the SA Football Association (Safa) prepares to complete the delayed season due to the outbreak of coronavirus. The governing body have released directives that all 144 ABC Motsepe League teams will have to follow before they start their training sessions. ABC Motsepe League teams are scheduled to conclude their season around 15 November. The Safa 10-page draft document, seen by SunSport, compiled by their medical doctors, was sent to the Minister of Sport Nathi Mthethwa for assessment. It revealed that sessions will be done in phases after five months of inactivity due to Covid-19. This means Safa, which need two teams from the 144 regions to be promoted to the GladAfrica Championship next season, will not meet the deadline for the start of the 2020-21 PSL season, which is set to kick off on 8 October. However, the PSL season could start a week later as the weekend of 8 October was allocated for international competitions by rescheduled Fifa and Caf calendar, which was also disrupted by the Covid-19 pandemic. Safa recognise that Motsepe League clubs do not have the resources to have players and officials staying in a biologically safe bubble, or camp like the PSL adopted where they took all 32 teams to Gauteng to complete the 2019-20 Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship seasons. Therefore, the onus will be on each individual player, club, region and province to act responsibly and limit their exposure to members of the public as much as possible when the season resumes. The document also highlighted that match commissioners will, in addition to their regular duties, be responsible for overseeing compliance of Covid-19 match day safety protocols. Each province, region, LFA and club should have a Covid-19 compliance officer who will be responsible for ensuring that the safety protocols are observed. Where logistics, compliance and safety measures permit, the region should identify a central venue where a minimum of three to four matches may be played in a single day. Venues and balls should be sanitised and all club employees should be screened daily. All clubs’ compliance officers will report to provincial officers (appointed by Safa) who will then send a report to the Safa chief medical officer Dr Thulani Ngwenya. Ngwenya will be the main compliance officer together Mlungisi Ncame. No team will be allowed to train without getting approval from Ngwenya.