BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach, John Maduka, is not prepared to tamper with a winning formula, especially at this stage of the season. The Malawian mentor, who took over from Lehlohonolo Seema, is happy to continue where his predecessor left off before joining Chippa United. Phunya Sele Sele played some free flowing attacking football under Seema, and Maduka wants the team to continue in that style. And that is exactly what they did in their first outing since the coronavirus enforced break, scoring three unanswered goals in their Nedbank Cup semi-final win at the weekend. They dispatched Baroka FC 3-0 at the Orlando Stadium to book their berth in the Ke Yona Cup final, where they will face Mamelodi Sundowns. Celtic have been one of the highest scoring teams in the Absa Premiership this season with Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates and SuperSport United the only teams to have scored more. “We want to play good attractive football that people will enjoy watching but at the same time it must bring us results,” said Maduka. “We will continue working hard until we get exactly where we want to be. We’re still a bit far from the finished article. “We will also change according to the game and the opponent we are facing. You will find that we will have to adjust our game based on the opponent. I don’t want to change much, just a few tweaks here and there.” The one thing Maduka does need to change, though, is Celtic’s leaky defence which has conceded as many goals as the attack have scored (33). Maduka believes the defence is the aspect of their game that needs more work as they look to secure a top eight finish. “We work hard on our finishing at training so that it becomes automatic in a match situation to bury our chances,” added Maduka. “There was a time also where we were conceding too many goals for our liking and we are still working on that. When you defend well, you have a chance to win matches.” Celtic next face SuperSport at Bidvest Stadium on Sunday (6pm), in what promises to be an exciting league encounter.