CONTINENTAL football may be the last thing in the minds of Baroka FC players. After all, they face the gigantic battle of maintaining their spot on the PSL gravy train. But it is not the case for coach Dylan Kerr, who is also eyeing glory in the Nedbank Cup and not only survival in the Absa Premiership. Bakgaga sit ominously in 13th spot in the Absa Premiership – just three points away from automatic relegation, with six games left. Naturally, such a situation should be a spot of bother for any club boss. But Kerr has embraced the challenge, looking to reach the Ke Yona final and possibly win his first cup title in the PSL. Bakgaga face Bloemfontein Celtic in the first semi-finals at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (3pm), their first match since March. “This is the semi-final of biggest cup competition in South African football, the version of the English FA Cup, and to get to the final you are guaranteed a place in the Confederation Cup. “I may be wrong, but that’s what I’ve been told... if Sundowns qualify for the Champions League,” said Kerr. “A cup win will set the tempo for the next six league games, a big boost for the first league against AmaZulu, plus we do qualify for the final. “From there, it’s 50/50. Winning the cup is a massive incentive, not only financially. But it’s a legacy.” They go into the PSL bio-bubble tomorrow. But the big challenge for Kerr is getting his lads fit and ready after a long break. “We’ve seen in the EPL, La Liga and the Serie A. Teams don’t get started in the first few weeks,” Kerr explained. “It is how players manage their fitness. Players have got to man-manage themselves to ensure they minimise the risk of injuries. “We don’t have the luxury of a big squad. But the players know what’s at stake in the league and in the cup. They know all about the rewards of getting to the final and of surviving relegation.” Kerr has survived the axe before, with Black Leopards last season. So, what’s the recipe? “Keep the players motivated, excited and humble and very focused on the job at hand. They are playing for their future. “My future is down to my players. But they have a responsibility to themselves... not to me, but to maintain the PSL status,” he said. “If that is not the biggest incentive or motivation for any player, then they should walk away from football and do something different.”