IT will end in tears for some teams in the GladAfrica Championship! For some, it will be tears of joy as they will win promotion or a place in the promotion play-offs, while for others it will be tears of sorrow and regret as they will face the dreaded axe. With three rounds of matches to go, Ajax Cape Town remain at the top of the standings. They are still on track to reach their target of accumulating 60 points in 30 matches, and return to the top flight. Having been at the top for almost the whole season, Ajax could have done things so much better in their last two matches, but they suffered a 1-0 defeat to TTM before being edged by fellow promotion hopefuls Swallows by the same scoreline midweek. However, having collected 51 points, they are now in a tight corner where they must win their three remaining matches to reach their target and possibly win automatic promotion to the Absa Premiership next season. The Urban Warriors play Pretoria University at the Rand Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm), in a game they cannot afford to drop any more points. Veteran striker Eleazar Rodgers said they understand the pressure that comes with the remaining games and the position they are in. He reckons their destiny is in their hands: “We are not far from our target of 60 points by the end of the season. "After losing two games to TTM and Swallows FC, we have to keep a clean sheet in the next match (against Tuks) and score goals to win. Scoring goals is the only thing that will help us win games.” However, that will not be a walk in the park or easy ride for them as Swallows are breathing down their necks in the second place. Swallows are second with 48 points. They are waiting to pounce if Ajax slip up again as they are just three points behind them. The Birds face Steenberg United at Makhulong Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm) At the bottom, despite a 2-1 win over Royal Eagles on Wednesday, Jomo Cosmos are still not safe. They remain in 15th position with 26 points – two adrift of TS Sporting and Mbombela United, who have 28 points each. The weekend matches could give some glimpse of what might pan out at the end of the month as two teams will be relegated.