Eastern Cape Health MEC Sindiswa Gomba's personal messenger and
ANC Youth League regional task team member Ayanda Matinise was caught by the
King William's Town police on Saturday afternoon and charged with transporting
alcohol in a state vehicle. Police spokesperson Colonel
Sibongile Soci said Matinise had been charged with contravening the regulations
of the Disaster Management Act, driving an unauthorised state vehicle, and
attempted bribery of SAPS members. He was stopped at the busy Buffalo Street in the King William's
Town CBD while trying to flee from the police. Soci said: "Police received
information about a state vehicle allegedly transporting liquor. During the
police patrols, a vehicle fitting the description was spotted at Buffalo Road,
but the driver accelerated when members tried to stop him. "Police gave chase and
managed to stop him. Upon searching the vehicle, liquor was recovered in the
boot. The suspect, who was alone in the vehicle, was immediately arrested and
charged." Soci confirmed that Matinise was
in police custody and would appear in the King William's Town Magistrate's
Court on Monday. In a statement, Gomba's chief of
staff Andile Sidinile said: "Eastern Cape Health MEC Sindiswa Gomba has
learnt with shock how one of her core staff members took the department's car
without authorisation and allegedly broke the law by allegedly driving under
the influence of alcohol." Alcohol was reportedly found in
the boot of the car, said Sidinile. "The MEC would like to put
it on record that such behaviour will not be tolerated and if proven to be
true, there will be serious consequences," said Sidinile. "Driving under the influence
of alcohol is illegal and has been proven to be a direct cause of car accidents
and other violent crimes which end up resulting in trauma cases being reported
to our health facilities," said Sidinile. He added that the ban of alcohol
sale and its distribution under national lockdown alert level 3 has helped the
department focus more on the urgent fight against Covid-19. Gomba condemned the official's alleged crime. "Such alleged behaviour does
not only bring my office and the department into disrepute but, by extension,
the entire provincial government and, as such, it is condemned with the
contempt it deserves. We cannot have officials who break the law.  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/eastern-cape-health-mecs-core-staffer-arrested-for-transporting-alcohol-in-govt-car-20200802 