PREMIER Soccer League (PSL) chairman Irvin Khoza has warned clubs saying no body must compromise the bio-safe environment (BSE) as the league is set to resume this weekend. Khoza said this in line with what Minister of Sport, Nathi Mthethwa, who said he has the right to pull the plug on the PSL’s approved return to football, which will be played behind closed-doors, should anything go wrong. “They will play based on plans that were submitted to the department,” said Mthethwa during the week. “Remember, we reserve the right to halt any activity if we feel, and think that protocols were not adhered to.” “The compliance officers of both Safa and the PSL will work together to ensure all measures are complied with the commitment made by PSL in their submissions to government.” Khoza said whoever compromises the BSE will be insulting the whole country. “We have had six or seven Board of Governors meetings emphasising one important thing many times: compliance‚ compliance‚ compliance, compliance. “But what was key in that compliance was to observe the issues of health. "Because, unfortunately, we are dealing with a health situation, and nobody can figure out how it affects us in a way. “Therefore, we have done everything humanly possible. And that is why we are the only industry in this country that‚ when we go back to work‚ we have gone for all this necessary testing. He added: “We have planned for this. If anything happens beyond what we have planned, we will have to take the consequences. “Nobody must compromise the BSE. Because that is our starting point. If somebody does that it will be an insult to the whole country. “If you are in the BSE‚ you go to training‚ or to the match. Any other diversion‚ you’re compromising the BSE. “We are hoping nothing happens‚ that we play the games to the finish.” Four teams - Baroka FC, Bloemfontein Celtic Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits - have already checked-in at the bio-bubble camp, as they prepare to kick-off the campaign with Nedbank Cup semi-final fixture on Saturday. Khoza also said clubs undergo a second round of testing at their home bases 48-hours before entering the camp.