IT’S a big weekend in the GladAfrica Championship. The enthralling title race is set to be decided with two teams – Swallows FC and Ajax Cape Town – in the running to get their hands on the inaugural trophy. But perhaps more importantly, automatic promotion to the money spinning Absa Premiership is also up for grabs for both teams on the final day. Swallows will be eying victory against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at Makhulong Stadium and hope Ajax falter against Mbombela United at Rand Stadium. All Championship matches kick-off simultaneously at (1.30pm) on Sunday. Swallows coach, Brendon Truter, saidhis side will do their best to end the season at the summit having toppled Calvin Marlin’s Urban Warriors in the penultimate game of the season. Truter, who has worked wonders with the Birds having found them in the bottom half, is now one match away from completing a stunning turnaround. “It was Ajax’s to lose but now it’s ours to win,” said Truter. “But we don’t want to put pressure on ourselves. This last game will be treated just like any other match. We have done well and we’ve picked up points. Our objective this weekend is to win again. “We are at the top of the log at the moment and we’ve never been there before. But it’s now about calming the boys down and getting them focused on the last match. Our motto for the entire season has been about taking it one game at a time, and the only game that matters is the next one now.” Truter, though, reckons their rivals Ajax have an easier match against Mbombela, who are 13th on the log and are safe from relegation. Meanwhile, they have to find a way past a tough and unpredictable TTM outfit that can beat any team in the division on their day. “Coming from 14th when I first got here and now we are at the top, people will say we’re favourites,” added Truter. “But if you look at the game we’ve got and what Ajax have then I’d say we have the toughest. We are playing third placed TTM and they face 13th placed Mbombela who’re safe from relegation and have nothing to plat for.”