TWO suspects are expected to appear in the Umzumbe Magistrate Court on Monday. The two suspects aged (35) and (41) are linked to the bodies of five women that were found decomposed in Mthwamule, south of KZN. This was revealed by the Minister of Police Bheki Cele during his visit at Mthwalume today.  Cele refused to reveal the charges that the suspects face. But he said there are things linking the suspects to the dead women. Cele arrived in Mthwalume after residents called for him to the area following the gruesome discovery of the decomposed lifeless bodies of women. The residents who were mostly women, arrived dressed in black in the B J Gasa farm, near the exact spot where the lifeless bodies of the women were found. Before Cele arrived to speak to them, they light candles and held a prayer together. They were praying for these killings of women to stop.  Speaking to the residents Cele said they must work together and report immediately when someone goes missing. He said they shouldn't wait for days to go by without reporting. "After hearing about these deaths I decided to come here. We have heard that residents are not happy about Hibberdene police station. Residents are complaining that they are not receiving any help. So that wasn't the first time I heard about that. In fact this is the third time I came here and I've been told the same thing," he said. He said he spoke with the cops and asked them to sort out that issue. "They've promised to resolve it. In May I was here in Qoloqolo where there were issues as well. But that was sorted out as 14 suspects were arrested," he said. He said since hearing about the killing of women they have brought a mobile police station to the area that will be opened 24 hours. "The mobile station was brought here yesterday. There are police that will also patrol the area as well. There will be 14 to 20 police deployed in the area," said Cele.  Cele said the head of detectives will also assist in this case. A family member whose cousin was found dead in July, Zanele Gumede (28) said seeing the minister in their area has brought hope to them. "We now trust that something will happen. We are also happy that there are two people that have been arrested. We will make sure that we attend court on Monday," she said. A resident Lungil Duma (43) said she is also pleased that Cele arrived in the area. She said they now have hope that these killings will stop. The women Nelisiwe Dube (22), Nosipho Gumede (25), Akhona Gumese (16), Zama Chiliza (38) and an unknown woman who was the last one to be found dead, were all found decomposed in a bush since March this year.