AMAZULU FC secured a hard-fought 1-0 win over Black Leopards in an Absa Premiership match at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday afternoon. The victory took Usuthu to the 13th spot on the league standings, while Lidoda Duvha slipped down to 14th place on the log. Usuthu got off to a good start as they took the lead just seven minutes into the match with Bonginkosi Ntuli finishing off a beautiful team goal. Siphelele Magubane set-up Lehlohonolo Majoro, whose cross was fired home by Ntuli to make it 1-0 to AmaZulu - netting his 13th league goal of the season. The partnership of Ntuli and Majoro was causing havoc for the Lidoda Duvha defence which was nearly punished in the 18th minute. Former Kaizer Chiefs marksman Majoro had an opportunity to double his side's lead, but he fluffed his shot from close range and Leopards survived a scare. Majoro then sent Ntuli through on goal, but the former Mamelodi Sundowns centre forward fired over the crossbar just before the half-hour mark. However, Leopards took control of the match towards the halftime break and they were unlucky not to restore parity through Edwin Gyimah. The Ghanaian defender-cum-midfielder's header hit the upright as pressure mounted on the Usuthu defence a few minutes before halftime. However, AmaZulu were able to contain the visitors and they were leading 1-0 during the halftime break. Leopards made a double substitution prior to the start of the second half as they introduced Donald Makgetlwa and Tumelo Khutlang. Lesotho international Khutlang had an opportunity to level matters from a cross from the right a few minutes into the second-half. However, AmaZulu goalkeeper Siyabonga Mbatha reacted quickly and snatched the ball away before the attacker could pounce and scored. AmaZulu coach reacted by introducing exciting Zimbabwean attacker Talent Chawapiwa as the hosts looked to double their lead. The two teams launched attacks in the closing stages of the match as they searched for late goals, with Leopards having introduced striker Thobani Mncwango. Mbatha made two great saves to deny Thabo Matlaba and Khutlang in stoppage time and ultimately, AmaZulu ran out 1-0 winners over Leopards. -SuperSport.com