FROM their days as Bafana Bafana coaches – Pitso Mosimane and Steve Komphela – have always shared a special bond. But it is at crucial times in the league that the two have to put their friendship aside and put on the gloves as Mamelodi Sundowns and Golden Arrows square off tonight at the Dobsonville Stadium (6pm). Mosimane needs the points to keep Sundowns’ title hopes alive. On the other hand, Komphela is desperate to guide Abafana Bes’thende to a top-eight finish. A quick glance at the top of the Premiership suggests Kaizer Chiefs are comfortably perched from the front. But recent results somehow differ as the ride is not so smooth for Amakhosi. And it is that inconsistency that has given the Brazilians, the current league title-holders, hope that they can successfully defend their title. Sundowns are second on 47 points while Arrows are on 33 points. Mosimane recruited Komphela to the national team back in 2012, the two partnering in their futile attempt to qualify Bafana for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). The two invariably maintain mutual respect for one another, with Mosimane known to root for local coaches. Even when Komphela went through tribulations as Amakhosi coach, it was Mosimane who openly supported his former Bafana teammate. But in combat, there are no friends. Arrows haven’t collected maximum points post-football suspension, losing two and drawing one, including their shock 2-1 defeat to bottom-placed Black Leopards on Friday. It is no secret Sundowns are not the team that sizzled before the coronavirus interruption in mid-March. And Mosimane has admitted his star players, Themba Zwane among others, have gone off the boil. He rang as many as six changes in the 2-2 draw against Maritzburg United, giving Promise Mkhuma his PSL debut. “We need to make changes, the games are many and if we are honest, Zwane is our most important player. “But since we came back, he hasn’t had as much influence on the games as he has had for the last eight years,” Mosimane said.