IT takes years to build a reputation. But it takes a single, sickening moment of madness to flush it down the drain. Philanthropist Warren Buffet must have had prima donnas such as Luc Eymael in mind when he coined this phrase. It is a well-known fact that Eymael, former coach of Polokwane City, Free State Stars and Black Leopards, is prone to indiscretion. He is the type that quietly begs for jobs while creating the impression his services are in demand. But this time the Belgian has plunged to a new low with his racist remarks. Seemingly frustrated by his failure to guide Young Africans to the championship in the Tanzania Premier League, Eymael went on an unhinged rant in a press briefing. In a viral video, he could be heard comparing fans to howling monkeys and dogs, and also complaining about the lack of WiFi, DStv and a car in Dar el Salaam. Quick questions, though for Mr Eymael. What were his demands when he first accepted the job? And would he have complained at all, had he won the league? I don’t think so. Yes, the continent is not awash with great sporting facilities. It is often said that Africa is not for sissies. Funny, though, that the very same European coaches, who invariably moan about the poor infrastructure and poor WiFi connections, are the first to jump at opportunities to coach on the very same continent they look down on. To hear the racist spit in the face of the people who have welcomed him, is disheartening. But then again, what can we expect from the nomad who has coached 18 teams in 19 years? Steve Komphela did warn us against this mercenary and also cautioned local clubs against hiring him. Well, he is now vindicated. Safa has led calls for Eymael’s ban on the continent. Hopefully, other federations will follow suit and ensure he is not allowed to work in any league in Africa. * Orlando Pirates have truly lost their 12th man in Mandla “Mgijimi” Sindane, whose sudden death has sent shock waves through the football public. I’ve met Mgijimi on several occasions, on match days, but I never really knew the man. However, what I know is that he embodied the best of the Bucs’ fans in the last decade. With white powder all over his head, Mgijimi stood out like a sore thump from the rest in the stands. He was emotionally invested in the game and followed his team everywhere. Our football certainly needs more Mgijimis, the loyal fans whose role is to support, and not the “pseudo coaches,” whose role extends beyond the grandstands. Rest In Peace, Buccaneer! Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso