Samsung yesterday unpacked the Galaxy Watch3 and Galaxy Buds Live. The Galaxy Watch3 is a next-generation smartwatch that combines timeless craftsmanship with cutting-edge health and wellness features. Galaxy Buds Live are the newest shape of true wireless earbuds, boasting a stylish and ergonomic design paired with premium audio technology. Galaxy Watch3 and Galaxy Buds Live are convenient tools for maintaining your lifestyle and daily routines, especially in the current climate. Both devices are seamlessly integrated into the wider Galaxy ecosystem to help you live healthier, communicate better, and get the most out of your technology. “Wearables are among the fastest-advancing technology sectors, and the pace of progress is only accelerating. In recent months, we’ve seen immense growth in the market as people turn to smartwatches and earbuds to help them thrive in the ‘Next Normal’”, said Justin Hume, Director: Integrated Mobility at Samsung South Africa. “Since introducing our first smartwatch just seven years ago, we have become a leader in wearable innovation. Today, we’re laser-focused on building on this momentum to offer new and differentiated experiences – combined with the bold design and advanced technology that our customers have come to expect.”  Galaxy Watch3 boasts all the craftsmanship of a luxury timepiece, while being comfortable enough to wear all day. Sporting a timeless design, this watch is built with premium materials like stainless steel and high-quality leather — and for the first time, Galaxy Watch3 will also be available in a titanium model that’s both durable and elegant. Galaxy Watch3 also features the popular rotating bezel from previous watch models, which merges form with function. With just a turn of the bezel, you can easily toggle between widgets, open apps and scroll through notifications.    Galaxy Buds Live defy conventional design — with one-of-a-kind aesthetics, they’re like nothing you’ve ever seen or worn before. Samsung has reconfigured traditional earbud design, laying out internal components horizontally instead of vertically. That way, the earbuds don’t protrude from your ears, providing a more natural appearance. This ergonomic, tip-less design conforms to the shape of your ear, making them comfortable enough to wear all-day. You can further customise your fit with two sizes of wingtips. 