GAMPHANI Lungu's last minute goal helped SuperSport United beat relegation haunted Black Leopards 1-0 in an Absa Premiership match at FNB Stadium last night. Leopards were already settled for a point when Lungu pounced from rebound after Leopards keeper King Ndlovu had spilt Thamsanqa Gabuza' s shot as they collided in the process. Despite conceding, Ndlovu made incredible saves and also denied SuperSport striker Bradley Grobler the lead from a penalty spot in the 73rd minutes. This was after Abubakar Mumuni had fouled Aubrey Modiba inside the box. SuperSport have now overtaken Bidvest Wits to occupy third position on 47 points, three behind second placed Mamelodi Sundowns and they trail leaders Kaizer Chiefs by six points. Leopards remain in 13th spot with 26 points. Lidoda Duvha are a point ahead of AmaZulu and Baroka, while Polokwane City remain bottom on 24 points. Leopards were aiming to register their third successive win for the first time this season, while SuperSport maintained their 100 percent unbeaten record in the bio bubble. Lidoda Duvha recorded a 3-2 win over Maritzburg United followed by a 2-1 victory over Golden Arrows last Friday to increase their chances of avoiding relegation. Matsatsantsa A Pitori drew 1-1 with Bloemfontein Celtic and beat Polokwane City 2-0 last Wednesday.Leopards caretaker coach Morgan Shivambu decided not to make changes to his starting line-up for their third match in a row. He also retained Tiklas Thutlwa and Tumelo Khutlang who impressed him since they made their debut in the bio bubble. SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo made four changes to the side that beat Rise and Shine with Grant Kekana, Jamie Webber and Kudakwashe Mahachi getting the nod. There was drama before kick-off as SuperSport were allegedly denied the chance to use the away change room that was already occupied by Black Leopards, the home side on the night. The home change room was allegedly locked by Kaizer Chiefs who normally use the venue as their home ground. The Tshwane side had to use the alternative change room that made Tembo and his charges not to be happy as they had to take a long walk there. SuperSport made an impact early on putting the Leopards defenders under a lot of pressure using the width of the pitch were Mahachi was operating to launch their attacks. Leopards keeper King  Ndlovu made incredible saves to ensure the teams are goalless at half-time frustrating SuperSport striker Bradley Grobler who could have scored at least three goals in the first half. Leopards had only one great chance to grab the lead in the 20th minutes when Khutlang shot wide from rebound with keeper Ronwen Williams at his mercy. This was after the Bafana Bafana shot stopper had spilt Mwape Musonda's thunderous shot. 