BAFANA Bafana will be back in action in October! This was revealed to SunSport by a SA Football Association insider and confirmed by Safa president Danny Jordan yesterday. The source said Safa are working on the new fixtures which will be released soon as Fifa and Caf rearrange their schedules that were wrecked following the Covid-19 pandemic in March. Despite the Covid-19 complications, the Confederation of African Football (Caf) have made it a priority to complete all the African Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers before the 2022 World Cup qualifiers begin. The March and June windows next year are set to be used to complete World Cup qualifiers. That is why Caf decided the 2021 Afcon tournament in Cameroon will be played in January/February 2022 instead of next year during the same months. The Afcon qualifying matches planned for March, June, August and September this year fell victim to the coronavirus as most Africa countries closed their borders in reaction to the virus. “Bafana are set to play in October and Safa is working on releasing the fixtures before the end of the week,” said the insider. Jordaan, who is also the vice president of Caf also confirmed to SunSport that Bafana will be in action in October. “Yes, it is true that Bafana will play in October but speak to Safa CEO Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe (for details),” said Jordaan. However, Motlanthe was not available to comment at the time of going to print. The 2021 Afcon qualifiers, that were scheduled for March and June were postponed and were supposed to be completed in September. The 2022 World Cup qualifiers were due to kick off in October and November. Bafana, along with other African nations have only played two rounds of Afcon qualifiers. Bafana lost 2-0 to Ghana in the opening qualifiers last November before bouncing back by beating Sudan 1-0 at Orlando Stadium three days later. It was the last time Molefi Ntseki’s coached side played. Bafana are set to resume their Afcon qualifiers in October against island nation Sao Tome who they face home and away. The double header was originally scheduled for March but was suspended due to Covid-19.