THE return to form of AmaZulu striker Lehlohonolo Majoro has come at the right time to take the spotlight away from top marksman Bongi Ntuli, says caretaker coach Ayanda Dlamini. Majoro, whose future was in doubt after he was informed by the management to train with the reserve team earlier in the season, has scored two goals in the last two matches for the struggling Durban-based side. “It has taken away the pressure from Ntuli,” said Dlamini. And Majoro’s new found goal-scoring touch will be vital when Usuthu face Black Leopards, in what promises to be a fiercely fought Absa Premiership relegation dog-fight at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Leopards have seen a revival since the league resumed earlier this month and have climbed off the bottom of the table to sit in 13th position with 26 points, but are only one point ahead of Usuthu, with three matches remaining. Ntuli has been the go-to-man for second-bottom AmaZulu this season. He has netted 12 of AmaZulu’s 17 league goals. But the former Mamelodi Sundowns striker has not had the rub of the green since AmaZulu restarted the season in bio-bubble. “You can see the goal he (Majoro) scored, the combination between the two of them against Bloemfontein Celtic (on Monday) was good. It worked very well,” added Dlamini. Majoro opened his account this season against his former club Bidvest Wits at FNB Stadium last Friday when he came off the bench to score in a 2-1 loss. Then on Monday in the 2-2 draw against Celtic, Dlamini opted to start him up front alongside Ntuli at Lucas Moripe Stadium, which was the first time both have been paired together. Majoro looked to have dusted off cobwebs and netted after only six minutes. Dlamini has instructed his players to close up shop at the back against Leopards if they want to remain in the top flight next season. “I’m not happy at all with the goals we have conceded. I think we should have done better,” he said. Dlamini’s only win in charge of the side came against Kaizer Chiefs in March before the season was suspended.