RESIDENTS were hopeful when toilets were built at serviced stands two years ago, ready to bid farewell to the pit toilets they had been using since the early 90s. But Zama Zama residents in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni, are still without flushing toilets to this day. And now, the project, which is estimated to have cost the City of Ekurhuleni R1,9 billion, is getting vandalised.  The toilets have solar geysers, taps and basins, but most of them have been stolen bit by bit. Residents said criminals took advantage that the serviced stands were unattended. Thembi Mkhwanazi (30) told Daily Sun she has been living in the area since she was five years old. She said the allocation of stands has been slow. “When the toilets were built two years ago, we had hope we would use flushing toilets.”  She said she was worried about the vandalism. “Government is failing us. They knew who the beneficiaries were, but stalled and now the toilets are being vandalised. “They’re wasting money because they will have to restore the vandalised infrastructure. They would have put that money to good use.” Resident Phumzile Ndlovu said: “It’s not nice that people are damaging the infrastructure. We tried to chase them away and fight some of them, but we can only do so much.” She said the vacant toilets were a haven for criminals, as they hid there. Ekurhuleni spokesman Themba Gadebe said: “The residents are correct that there was vandalism and the City did carry out an assessment to verify the extent of the damage, which is currently being fixed. A total of 215 bathroom structures are being refurbished.  “The certificate of completion on the services phase of the project was issued on 9 October last year. “The cost of construction for the bathroom structures amounted to about R22,4 million. “The reasons for which the allocation of the stands was delayed was because of outstanding subsidy approvals of beneficiaries on the HSS system, issues related to the allocation of stands and disputes on allocations in the community and among the leadership,” said Gadebe.