A SUSPECT in the double murder case in Vosloorus,
Ekurhuleni, has taken his own life. That’s according to police spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo
Peters. The 27-year-old old suspect was sought by cops for the
double murder of his girlfriend and her mum, and the attempted murder of the
girlfriend’s sister in Vosloorus. “Police were this morning alerted to a body found hanging at
a warehouse site in Somalia Park near Dawn Park. “The firearm suspected to have been used during the
commission of the incidents of femicide was also recovered near the body. The
identity of the suspect was determined and confirmed by his relatives,” said
Peters in statement. On Tuesday, the boyfriend allegedly shot and killed his
21-year old girlfriend and her 43-year old mother at their home in Vosloorus’
Nguni section. He then wounded the girlfriend’s sister who was rushed to
hospital for medical attention. According to police, it’s alleged that the suspect arrived
at the house and, without saying a word, drew a firearm and fired shots at the
victims. A case of double murder and attempted murder has been opened. Gauteng police commissioner Lieutenant-General Elias Mawela
on Tuesday called for greater tolerance and restraint in the wake of gruesome
incidents of femicide reported in the province since the beginning of the week,
where three women have allegedly been killed by their partners in separate
incidents. A total of four women and two children have been killed in domestic
violence related incidents in a space of two days. In the second incident, a suspect was expected to appeared
in the Tembisa Magistrates Court yesterday on a charge of murder after handing
himself over to the police in Rabie Ridge. This was after the neighbour on
Monday morning was disturbed by the unattended cries of baby from a
neighbouring room in Tembisa’s Umthambeka section. The neighbour and a
community patroller called police to the scene after finding the body of a
woman on the floor in the room, with the crying baby sitting on a blood stained
bed. Preliminary evidence suggests that the suspect fatally stabbed the woman
after an argument which turned violent.