NONTOMBI Madela from Lower Crossroads in Philippi East, Cape Town, has been without water since March. The 52-year-old woman told Daily Sun that the problem was a burst pipe in front of her house. “The city employees said they will fix the burst pipe but I didn’t know that they’ll cut my water off,” said Nontombi. She has been asking her neighbours for water since March. “It feels like I’m in the village because I have to carry a bucket of water every day, and I know maybe some neighbours are tired of me,” she said. According to her, it is not easy to go to people’s houses to ask for water because of the coronavirus. “Sometimes I don’t enter their houses because everyone is careful and don’t want to be affected by coronavirus. My wish is for the city to fix this problem,” she said. Media manager for the City of Cape Town, Luthando Tyhalibhongo, said a warning letter was sent on 10 December last year for arrears of R2 481, 42. “The city deals with municipal debt holistically in terms of the relevant legislation, the city’s approved by-laws and policies.” He said in terms of relevant legislation, they have to send out invoices advising the debtor of their liability. “If the accounts are not settled after the due date, appropriate debt collection action must be taken and the National Treasury has also recently emphasized that debt collection steps must resume in earnest. But Nontombi said she never received any letter from the city. “I never received that letter. If I did, I would have made means to pay the money, even though I am not working,” she said. Nontombi told Daily Sun that she would even make arrangements with the city so that she could get her water back. Luthando said those who are struggling to pay are advised to seek assistance from the city. “If a payment arrangement is made, it is then imperative that the amount due is paid each month to ensure that the relief granted and the arrangement made is not cancelled, and to avoid debt management action being taken against them.