MAMELODI Sundowns hopes to defend their Absa Premiership title are slowly fading away following a 3-2 defeat to Cape Town CityB at Loftus Stadium last night. Downs were hoping to narrow the gap between them and log leaders Kaizer Chiefs to three points, but it was never meant to be as The Citizens burst their bubble. Downs, who displayed a below par performance on the night have now  dropped seven valuable points in three league games having played  a goalless draw with Orlando Pirates last Tuesday followed by a 1-1 stalemate with Highlands Park on Friday. The defeat seems to have given Amakhosi confidence to end their trophy drought. This was their fourth game in 10 days in all competitions since the resumption of PSL season that was stopped in March due to coronavirus pandemic. Downs coach Pitso Mosimane made three changes to the side that drew with Highlands as he gave Nico Lukhubeni, Wayne Arendse and Tiyani Mabunda the chance to start while he rested key players like Ricardo Nascimento. His counterpart, Jan Olde Riekerink made only one change in his side  that beat Chippa United 1-0 on Friday as he brought in Craig Martin for  Thamsanqa Mkhize who replaced him after the break. City, who were awarded the right to host the match in Downs territory used the home ground advantage in the first half and their left winger Bradley Ralani caught Downs defence napping when he broke the ice with a low shot in the 13th  minute  from a tight angle after keeper Denis Onyango had spilt his first attempt to score. The Citizens striker Kermit Erasmus doubled the lead in the 43rd minute when he lobbed the ball over a bemused Onyango. City defender Edmilson Dove scored an own goal while trying to clear Gaston Sirino's corner  to help Downs pull one back two minutes before half-time to grab this 11th league goal of campaign. Ralani reclaimed City's two goal cushion when he easily lobbed the ball over Onyango to make it 3-1 after he dispossessed Arendse inside the penalty box. Downs substitute, Keletso Makgalwa made it 3-2 on the stroke of full-time, but it was too little too late to salvage a point. 