THE shock news of Bob Kgomotso Mabena’s death continues to send ripples across Mzansi.  The 51 year-old passed away earlier today from a heart attack according to Power FM,the radio station where he hosted the breakfast show and was the head of programming for MSG Afrika.  Power FM boss Given Mkhari spoke briefly on-air and said  Bob was admitted in hospital on Saturday and was discharged this morning. “”He was heading home with his wife this morning when he started experiencing more pain and they returned to the hospital.”  “When I arrived at the hospital Bob was in ICU. We were called into a room and told that he had just been pronounced dead”,said Mkhari.  Bob married Eucharist Hadebe in 2015 and they had a son in 2016.  Fellow radio and tv broadcasters such as Mapaseka Mokwele, Azania Mosaka ,Lerato Kganyago ,Luthando 'LootLove' Shosha and many others have taken to social media to share their thoughts on the broadcaster whose career spanned more than 30 years.  Thank you for the wisdom, thank you for the knowledge, thank you for your humanity! Rest in eternal peace uncle BOB. I will never forget you!!! #RipLegend #BobMabena A post shared by  Leratokganyago?? (@leratokganyago) on Aug 10, 2020 at 8:46am PDT   Hard to believe. You did radio with passion and joy. Pure radio talent. A Star. You set the bar, showed how it’s done. You defined & shaped it for years to come. You loved it & it loved you back like crazy. A radio legend has fallen.Moya wa hao o robale ka khotso #RIPBobMabena   Fans of his breakfast show and of his presenting also shared their memories of the legendary voice of the airwaves.  The ANC also has shared words of condolences saying a sad loss to the showbiz industry and the rest of radio loving fans throughout the country and abroad.  “ It was this ability to converse with and entertain all types of people that also made Mr Mabena a sought after public speaker and master of ceremonies, jobs he would carry out with flair. He will be sadly missed. “The African National Congress sends its condolences to Mabena's family, friends and colleagues, wishing them strength and fortitude during this difficult time,” it said.  I grew up listening to Uncle Bob in the early 90’s when he was on Metro, with his signature “wake up! wake up” line in the morning. My heart is shattered ???? I’m in utter disbelief right now #RIPBobMabena  ?? What a devastating loss. Lala ngoxolo Bhut’ Bob Mabena. — LOOTLOVE™ (@LootLove) August 10, 2020    