  A MAN is in hiding after receiving threatening phone calls. He said he appeals for detectives from the KZN provincial office to investigate these threats. Xolani Khumalo (52) from Ntuzuma G, north of Durban, said he was attacked in his house last month. "I have been a victim ever since I became a Councillor Liaison Officer (CLO) for Ntuzuma G for roads, storm and maintenance department in the area which started its construction in 2018 October and was due to end in December last year," he said. He said this project came to a hold in May last year after a group of men from the area stopped it. "As I oversee the project I have been intimidated, assaulted, and threatened to be killed by these men," he said. He said he has been attacked on-site and then he opened a case of assault against these people in December last year, but nobody was arrested.  "Then in July this year I was attacked. My cars and my house were burnt. I saw some of these men as I was outside the yard and at that time my wife was inside the house," he said. He said they managed to survive the assassination attempt, but his cars were burnt. "I have also opened a case related to this incident, but I heard that they were arrested and given bail in the Ntuzuma Magistrates Court. But I was not informed about it," he said. He said this incident has shaken the whole community and he has left the area for his safety and that of his family. "Now I am receiving threatening phone calls from unknown people who are threatening to find me," he said. He said he is terrified because they will try by all means to kill him, so there can be no witness for the case. KZN cops spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said the complainant alleged that on 9 July this year he was at his house in Ntuzuma when he was attacked by four suspects. "They set alight his home and four vehicles before fleeing the scene. Two suspects, aged between 34 and 40, were later arrested for attempted murder and malicious damage to property. They appeared in the Ntuzuma Magistrates Court," said Gwala.