PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has downgraded the country to alert level 2 that unlocked some economic activity while warning that the country should not be complacent and still stick to basic regulations to avoid a resurgence. “Economic activity will be allowed with the necessary and appropriate stringent health protocols and safety precautions in place,” said Ramaphosa in his nation address on Saturday night. He announced that: *All restrictions on inter-provincial travel will be lifted. *Accommodation, hospitality venues and tours will be permitted according to approved protocols to ensure social distancing. *Restaurants, bars and taverns will be permitted to operate according to approved protocols as to times of operation and numbers of people. *Restrictions on the sale of tobacco will be lifted. *The suspension of the sale of alcohol will be lifted subject to certain restrictions. *Alcohol will be permitted for on-site consumption in licensed establishments only up until 10pm and, *Restrictions on family and social visits will also be lifted, although everyone is urged to exercise extreme caution and undertake such visits only if necessary. Ramaphosa announced that under hotels and other accommodation establishments would be allowed to host leisure travelers under strict health and safety protocols. Restaurants and bars would be allowed to trade until 10pm, also under strict safety protocols to protect dines and staff. These establishments are also expected to observe the nightly curfew. Bottle stores and other liquor outlets will be permitted to trade between 9am and 5pm from Monday Thursday. “Guided by the advice of our health experts and after consultation with provincial and local government, Cabinet has decided to place the entire country on alert level 2, with effect from midnight on Monday, the 17th of August 2020. “Under Level 2 of the nationwide lockdown, licensed restaurants will be allowed to serve alcohol. All establishments must observe the nightly curfew & maintain strict health and safety protocols to protect diners and staff,” he said. Ramaphosa said the downgrade was necessitated by the decreasing number of cases but said even though the infections have decreased, the country can not afford to be complacent as there will be more movement and as more people go back to work. The president insisted that people must continue to adhere social distancing, avoid traveling unless of it’s necessary and social gatherings. Ramaphosa said he was aware the last of the five months has been extremely difficult for many and meant hunger for many more. “With this new phase of our response, we need to put in place the practices and forms of behaviour that we must continue to adopt for some time to come. “This virus will remain with us for many months and I must applaud the many South Africans who have changed their way of life to meet that reality,” he said. The president acknowledges the contributions of traditional leaders and religious leaders of all faiths who he said have provided guidance on how religious and cultural observances can be adjusted during the time of coronavirus. He said life has not been easy to South Africans since the enforcement of the lockdown in March, saying this taken a heavy toll on the health of the people, on families and communities, on the public health system, on the economy and on people’s everyday lives. He said over  the last three weeks, the number of new confirmed cases has dropped from a peak of over 12 000 a day to an average over the past week of around 5 000 a day. The recovery rate from coronavirus has risen from 48% at the time of his last address and now stands at 80%. The cumulative number of cases in the country remained extremely high at 583 653. “As of today, 11 667 people are confirmed to have died from COVID-19.