HAVING gone past Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs unscathed, Bidvest Wits coach, Gavin Hunt, will be hoping for third time lucky against Golden Arrows today, as he draws gradually towards an end of the club’s lifespan. Much as he is still concerned with the results and wants to end their 99-year-old history with their pride still intact, Hunt is more concerned about the players fighting for their contracts, elsewhere. The sale of Wits to TTM has not gone down well with Hunt but he keeps on putting up a brave face amid the tension in camp, where players are not focused on the job at hand. But there is Rowan Human and Cole Alexander whom Hunt has spoken highly of, as they keep dishing out exciting brand of football. Wits managed to graft two points collectively from their 0-0 and 1-1 draws against Pirates and Chiefs respectively since the return of football last week. The 56-year-old Capetonian is now eyeing maximum points against Arrows. Steve Komphela’s Arrows have gotten a shock of their lives when they were blunt by rookies Stellenbosch 1-0 last week, which could prove to be tricky for Hunt as the Durbanites now need points desperately. But Hunt will again be looking at Alexander, who spoiled the night for Chiefs with a last minute gasp to dim Amakhosi’s hopes of three points last week. “Cole has been fantastic for us,” said Hunt. “He has been a fantastic asset to the team. Rowan has been twice as much. I just wish they would get clubs at the end of the season. They have been great in the two matches. Now I am just waiting for the next match.” It is clear that if there is a coach that would like to see this season finished, it must be Hunt, who does not seem bothered by their two results against the Soweto giants. He said: “It makes no difference. It also makes no difference on the opponents. We’re just going there on Tuesday to compete. We will give them (Arrows) the respect. We’ve had a very difficult programme this week. “We waited to get out of the ghetto, but let’s us see now.”