FORMER treasury director-general Lungisa Fuzile said
yesterday that he was shocked that Des van Rooyen had no problem that a tax
proposal document was leaked. “Thank God, he didn’t stay long at the treasury,” said
Fuzile speaking about the man who was minister of finance for a matter of days
and is known as the “Weekend Special”. “I would have a serious problems with a minister who seeks
opinion from people on the streets about taxes, about what’s to be done by
government and on state owned entities,” said Fuzile. Van Rooyen’s lawyer, Advocate Kgomosoane Mathipa, told the
Zondo Commission yesterday that his client would testify that there was nothing
wrong with the document being sent to someone outside of treasury. Fuzile revealed during his first appearance at the
commission two years ago that on 9 December 2015 when former minister Nhlanhla
Nene was axed, he received a call from the head of the ANC’s economic
transformation committee, Enoch Godongwana, who told him: “You are now going to
get a Gupta minister who will arrive with advisers.” Van Rooyen indeed came with Mohamed Bobat as his advisor and
Ian Whiteley as his chief of staff. Fuzile said there was nothing wrong with Van Rooyen bringing
his own advisors but the issue was that they started work without contracts. “There was nothing unlawful about appointing the advisors,”
he said. He said the problem was that they started working without
following the process prescribed in the rules. When Van Rooyen took the stand he admitted that he didn’t do
thorough checks on the two employees because he had to start working as quickly
as possible. He said he had known Bobat for about six years. He said Bobat once
helped him with his studies and that’s when he got to know about his
qualifications. “The speed with which you made these appointments is of
concern,” said Zondo. He said he thought somebody who would be an advisor -
especially to the finance minister - needed to have proper checks done. Van Rooyen said he shared Zondo’s concern. “This process was not complete,” he said. “What impressed me was what was in their CVs.”