THE North West High Court has slapped a man who killed two teenage girls in 2018 with two life sentences, and said the brutality of the murdered could not be ignored. Handing down the sentence, Judge Ronald Hendricks said the scourge of violence against women had to be stopped, and that the act could not be seen as business as usual. Hendricks had previously found Xander Bylsma (20) guilty on two counts of murder. He was arrested in May 2018 for killing his ex-girlfriend, Sharnelle Hough (17) and her best friend and Xander’s cousin, Marna Engelbrecht (16). “The offence of murder is extremely rife in the area of jurisdiction of this court. It can no longer be business as usual. Life has just become too cheap in our society,” he said. Hendricks said the brutality of the murders in this case could not be ignored. “As your counsel, advocate Nel so eloquently put it; it was indeed brutal and careless. You were showing an insensitive and cruel disregard for Sharnelle and Marna,” he said. According to court’s records, the two teenage girls had been strangled in the hostel of Hoërskool Stella. Sharnelle’s body was found hanging from the banister in the hostel, while Marna was found dead in a sitting position on the bathroom floor. Hendricks explained that Bylsma strangled Marna in a bathroom and left the body there. He said there after, Bylsma went to Sharnelle and strangled her. “These two murders were separated in time and place which shows that you must have comprehended what you were doing. “Your actions are indeed disgraceful. You showed no respect towards them. You insulted and swore at them vulgar language,” Judge Hendricks said. He said he had to take into account the interest of society in imposing a suitable sentence. “There is a huge outcry in the society that gender-based violence, which engulfs our society, needs to be stopped. The violence perpetrated by men needs to end. The only way that it can be stopped is to impose harsher sentences,” he said. Bylsma hugged his family members before he was taken to jail.