SUPERSPORT United defenders – Clayton Daniels and Grant Kekana – are expecting a difficult Absa Premiership match against relegation haunted Black Leopards at FNB Stadium on Tuesday night (6pm). Lidoda Duvha are among teams that have a 100% record since the resumption of the season that was stopped in March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. The Venda side beat Maritzburg United 3-2 at the same venue and that was followed by a 2-1 win over Golden Arrows at the Emirates Airline Park last Friday. Leopards are desperate for more points to move out of danger. They occupy 13th spot on 26 points with four matches remaining, and are two points ahead of basement side AmaZulu who are tied with Polokwane City. Daniels and Kekana are aware that they can’t afford to take Leopards for granted if they are to maintain their position within the top four. Said Daniels: “Leopards are playing to survive. They are at the bottom and we are playing to finish in a better spot. It will be a fight, it won’t be an easy game. We showed in the last game that we can play a little bit ugly and get points. I hope guys will give their all and get all three points.” Kekana shared the same sentiment: “Leopards are coming from a good run of two wins in two games, so it will be a bit tricky. They are trying to get out of the bottom, we are trying to solidify ourselves in the top four. It will be a tricky encounter, but one that we will be prepared for, and hopefully luck will be on our side.” The duo says the bio-bubble has brought a breath of fresh air in the team. Explained Kekana: “Personally it hasn’t been all that bad. It has given me time to do a bit of introspection on myself. As a unit it brought us even closer. We are bonding a lot because we are staying together.” Added Daniels: “Surprisingly the mood is still good in the camp, everything is fine. Everyone is still excited to be here, the guys are not moping around, everyone is working hard, so it’s a sign that everything is going well. It’s something fresh. “We are also playing at a new stadium, so for us it’s a new challenge. I think we adapted well to all circumstances and credit must go to the guys for showing their professionalism.”