ALL ANC
members facing serious allegations of corruption are to step aside from
leadership positions and public with immediate effect. President Cyril Ramaphosa, unusually addressing the media after the party’s
National Executive Committee at the weekend, said this was the structure’s
decision which signaled the party entering a new era of ridding it of corrupt
elements. Ramaphosa said the highest decision structure between conferences has also
decided that all members who are reported to have acted corruptly in one way or
another should present themselves to the party’s integrity commission and
explain themselves. He could not say however how many members will be expected to step aside but
said the party was going to set up a process to help members who found
themselves entangled along the way to step aside. He added that those members who would not step aside out of their own their own,
the disciplinary process in line with the party’s Constitution, would kick in. The NEC
also discussed what appeared to be a choreographed attack on him following
calls and letters for him to step down because of the CR17 campaign which is
reported to have received R1-billion from donors. Ramaphosa said he had raised the matter within the party when it first came up
and he had suggested that it should first be dealt with in courts and now that
it was almost finalised, he would go and explain himself to the integrity
commission. He also revealed that the NEC endorsed the letter he wrote to members two weeks
ago in which raised serious concerns about corruption within the party. “The NEC emphasized that what seems to be a choreographed campaign against the
president will not distract the movement from undertaking an intensified
programme against corruption and state capture as mandated by the 54th national
conference,” he said. Ramaphosa said he had not responded to former president Jacob Zuma’s scathing
letter to him and he would not be publicly entertaining the contents as he
believed leaders should engage internally. 