RESIDENTS and businesses are allegedly stealing electricity. Now the gatvol municipality has taken the matter to the police and a case has been opened. This is after Maluti-a-Phofung Local Municipality laid criminal charges against households and businesses that are tampering with electricity supply and have connected electricity illegally. The charges were laid by the municipality lawyer and the manager at the Phuthaditjhaba cop shop on Thursday. But residents say the municipality is corrupt and is slow in-service delivery, and they have opted to steal the electricity. A 37-year-old resident said he was not willing to pay for any municipal services. He said: "I regret being a resident of this corrupt municipality. We struggle with almost everything here. A basic need, water is a problem. Firefighters are struggling when there is a house on fire. "Electricity gets cut off like nobody's business. I have stolen electricity because I want to know how it feels to steal as our politicians do. I'm not willing to pay for any services until our president gets his house in order. For now, he is just preaching without any action been taken." The municipality posted the news of cases opened at the cop shop on their Facebook page. It read: "Maluti-a-Phofung Local Municipality has laid criminal charges against households and businesses who are tampering with electricity supply and have connected electricity illegally. "The charges were laid at Phuthaditjhaba cop shop by the Municipal Manager Futhuli Tseko Mothamaha, who was accompanied by the municipality’s legal advisor, Advocate Lebona Motloung. "For several years, Maluti-a-Phofung Local Municipality was suffering huge losses in electricity revenue due to tempering with electricity meters, illegal connections, and bypassing electrical connections. "First on the list to be handed to the police to investigate and charge were several households of Sphola in Makwane, QwaQwa. In this area, residents took upon themselves to distract municipal employees from switching off illegal connections on the transformer. “An effort to switch off households with illegal connections were unsuccessful as every-time they get switched off, community members would go to the transformer on their own to switch on lights again. Finally, the community in this area barred the municipal electrician from accessing the transformer. These acts have resulted in many residents of Maluti-a-Phofung consuming electricity free of charge to a point whereby the use of electricity surpassed the income generated from its sales. Our residents and businesses in our area use more electricity but pay less. It is one of the reasons that has contributed to the escalating Eskom debt." Mothamaha said: "The actions of illegal connections and tampering with electricity was putting the lives of many people and households at risk. It may also lead to loss of life and burning down of houses." The charges were laid in terms of Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2019, which aims to protect critical infrastructure from any form of threats, damages, tampering, and destruction and also in terms of Criminal Matters Amendment Act of 2015, which regulate the imposition of discretionary minimum sentences for essential infrastructure-related offenses. This act outlaws activity that tamper with and cause loss or damage to essential infrastructure, as this leads to interference with the provision or distribution of basic service to the public. 