VIEWERS of etv soapie Imbewu The Seed have been fascinated by the drama surrounding lead character Zimele Bhengu’s funeral where his sons physically fought at his grave site. In a scene similar to that of the award-winning soapie, the memorial service of tombstone pioneer businessman Lebohang Khitsane  took a very dramatic turn earlier today. TV news channel Enca was present at the memorial service where Khitsane's sister Semati Moedi,  dressed in traditional Sesotho attire,  spoke saying her brother was “in pain.” She then said her brother’s wife “brought a man into his house” and the points to someone at the audience  waving her finger at them saying “please don’t you dare.” Next thing a bottle of water is thrown at Semati on stage, but she ducks in. Then her niece Tsoelopele jumps onto the stage and charges at Semati screaming “that’s it that’s enough!” Kaya FM DJ Thabo ‘T-Bose’ Mokwele who was one of the speakers then jumps and pulls away Semati who does not let go of the microphone and continues shouting , “she brought a f*king man in to my brother’s house!” It is not clear whether the wife was in attendance or not at the memorial. Another man arrives on stage and helps to pull the two women away from each other.  [WATCH] Friends and family gathered on Sunday morning to pay tribute to tombstone maker, Lebogang Khitsane. But, there was some drama during the memorial service when his sister made these shocking claims. #DStv403 pic.twitter.com/UleDZlucdx  Khitsane’s Bataung Memorials rose to prominence through his big and elaborate tombstones for celebrities such as Joe Mafela,Shoes Moshoeu, Gugu Zulu ,Mandoza and Robbie Malinga. City Press reported the news of the 44-year-old’s death from renal or kidney failure. In 2018 the SunTeam reported on how Khitsane surprised his then 18-year-old daughter Tsoelopele with a Porsche convertible at her school. Now 20 years old,Tsoelopele tweeted on Thursday, “to my first love, Rest in Peace”.  https://t.co/geUc53XtTM To my first love, Rest In Peace. ♥???  