SO, you are well into your relationship with your bae, and have past the exhilarating honeymoon phase of your relationship. You’ve spent a great amount of time with each other and now are ready to introduce your love to the world. The first place to begin this is within your immediate social settings. This would be your friends, also known as your mates. Now there’s a lot one has to consider before introducing their bae to their friends. Experts agree that friendship plays an important role in one’s romantic relationship, so there are a few things one has to consider when introducing their partner to their respective friends: 1. Avoid making it a surprise Experts agree that introducing their significant other to their friends is something that needs to be planned in advance. You don’t want to throw your significant other into a surprise introduction, because it may throw everyone involved completely off guard and result in unwanted nervousness and awkwardness. 2. Casual is the best place to start at Once you’re combos communicate about the introduction, it’s time to choose the right place for everybody to meet. Experts recommend you choose a place with a casual, relaxed and friendly atmosphere. You could have lunch together or go for a fun group activity, like a local carnival or open-air market. The key here is to be in a setting that is low pressure and can foster casual conversation. 3. Don’t leave him/her alone I’m tempted to sing the popular R&B smash hit don’t leave me, but that’s a song for another day and it’s important to not leave your partner alone with friends during their first encounter. Things can quickly move to an interrogation room, were friends grill the poor soul. Research has it that friends can also want to have a piece of your bae as well, so keep your bae closest. 4. First impressions count From your partner’s attire, smell and their overall physical appearance. How you present him/her will be how they treat him/her for the rest of your relationship.