MAKOTIS have found a new home at a makoti boot camp. They come together to learn skills to make marriages stronger, be better wives, and make their men better husbands. The boot camp started in Pietermaritzburg on Women’s Day when they gathered to teach each other important things about marriage. The director, Londiwe Shezi (31), said eight makotis attended the “successful” boot camp. “The camp isn’t only about teaching each other to brew umqombothi and preparing food. “It’s also about teaching each other about kindness and business, as well as discussing sex.” 23 YEARS FOR RAPING MENTALLY ILL WOMAN! She emphasised the importance of being clean as a woman. “You’re not just representing yourself – you’re representing your husband,” she said. Londiwe told Daily Sun they shared some of the problems they faced in marriages and helped each other with advice. “This opened a platform for sisterhood. We were comfortable talking about problems knowing no one would be judged,” she said. There are plans to go to Joburg next. Ziyanda Ngcobo (27) loved everything about boot camp. She learnt about cleanliness, respect and how to handle marital problems. “Talking to the makotis was like talking to my sisters,” she said. “They were not judgemental, but understanding. It was one of the best experiences I’ve ever had. I highly recommend it.” Slindile Hlophe never had anybody to teach her some of the things. DIVORCE BASH TURNS HEADS! “We learnt about self-empowerment, respect and how to deal with hard times in a marriage,” she said. Zibuyile Dlamini (24) said the most important things she learnt were respect, communication and turning your house into a home. She got annoyed whenever she saw posts on social media about makotis being turned into slaves. “This is why there are so many divorces. Some people think the traditional way of doing things is to become a slave. “People have a lot to learn. I hope they educate themselves about culture and tradition.” The spokeswoman of Not In My Name SA, Mo Senne, said the camp is a good gesture, but both parties should play the same role in bettering their marriage. “I’ve never heard of a Mkhwenyana boot camp or a WhatsApp group for men, giving each other advice on how to treat a woman. It’s a two way street and both parties must give the same energy to keep their marriage going,” said Mo.