THE owner of a farm says he can’t just sit back and watch as women are being killed in his area and that’s why he decided to act. He said this after three of the five women who were found dead in Mthwalume, south of KZN, were found on his farm. Now the owner of B J Gasa farm, Siya Gasa, has issued a R20 000 reward to anyone who might bring forward tangible information regarding the deaths of these women. Gasa told Daily Sun that he issued the reward because he doesn’t think that people don’t know. “I believe that somewhere around Mthwalume there is a person who knows about this. They can call me and I will take that information to the police,” he said. He said the discovery of the dead women on his farm really broke his heart. “I grew up in this place. These women are my sisters. That’s why I decided to issue a reward and I have put all my business trips on hold in order to attend to this matter. So I’m appealing with anyone who has information to come forward,” he said. Since March this year, five decomposed bodies of women have been found in Mthwalume. The latest woman, who is still unknown, was found yesterday following the killings of Zama Chiliza (38), Nelisiwe Dube (22), two sisters Nosipho Gumede (25) and Akhona Gumede (16). Following these shocking deaths, residents now strongly believe that there’s a serial killer on the lose who’s targeting women. KZN provincial commissioner, Lieutenant-General Khombinkosi Jula, has condemned the killing of women in the South Coast area. He said this is after the discovery of five bodies of women. “Yesterday a decomposed body of an unknown woman, believed to be in her 20s, was found in the bushes at Mnafu area in Mthwalume. This brings the total number of bodies recovered to five,” he said. He said they are appealing to residents to remain calm and make sure that they do not walk alone in secluded areas. “All the cases have been assigned to an investigating officer at the District Commander for Detectives. At this stage, we can’t confirm whether the same perpetrator is responsible for all these incidents. We are appealing to anyone who might have information about the suspect/s involved in the recent cases to contact their local police, or CrimeStop on 08600 10111,” he said.