IT was his hearty laugh, deep voice and humour that won the hearts of many listeners. And when he eventually ventured into TV, the nation fell in love with Bob “The Jammer” Mabena (51). But Mzansi will no longer hear Bob’s voice on their radios. The much-loved radio personality died yesterday of cardiac arrest. Family spokesman Winston Maimane clarified that Bob did not die of covid. He said he and Bob had discussed this matter and his results came on Saturday confirming he was negative. “I had a chat with him on Friday and he indicated he was not doing well and was going to rest. He was admitted on Saturday and was released yesterday. “When I spoke to his wife on the phone, they were in the car on the way home and she told me he was struggling to breathe and they must make a U-turn back to the hospital,” said Winston. He said after two hours in the hospital, they were told he had passed on. He confirmed that the broadcaster had a lung problem history. He described Bob as a friend and brother with a good heart. He said funeral arrangements were yet to be discussed. At the time of his death, Bob was a breakfast show host on Power FM alongside Faith Mangope. In a statement, Power 98.7 confirmed his passing. “It is with deep grief and pain that we announce that Power 98.7 breakfast host Bob Mabena passed away this afternoon from cardiac arrest,” said the station’s managing editor, Harold Maloka. News of Bob’s death sent shock waves across Mzansi. Power FM chairman, Given Mkhari, said: “Bob Mabena was admitted in hospital on Saturday. “He was discharged from hospital . On his way home with his wife, he complained of some pains and they turned back to hospital where he was admitted in ICU and later announced dead.” Radio presenter Khanyi Magubane said: “2020 you have left us broken and hurt beyond words! “Bob ‘The Jammer’ Mabena has passed away aged 51 from a lung infection. A true radio legend from Radio Bop, Metro FM, Kaya FM to Power FM. He was a broadcaster extraordinaire. Thank you for giving us all of you!! Former Kaya FM colleague Mapaseka Mokwele said: “Lefu le sehloho... RIP Bob. Power FM’s Ursula “Brown Sugar” Chikane said: “Rest in peace, radio legend. Dear God, what a devastating shock. Brokenhearted. “Please keep Bob’s loved ones in your prayers. And spare a thought for our distraught.” Bob’s career started at Radio Bop in the then Bophutatswana in 1989 before he was snapped by Metro FM, where his career took off. He’s also worked for stations such as 94.7, 5FM, GoodHope FM, Heart FM and Kaya FM. At Kaya FM, he hosted 180 With Bob for five years, the longest he’d ever spent at any radio station. He established his radio consultancy, EndowMedia, while at Kaya. But he was not just a radio presenter. He was also a musician and a had a popular track, Get Funky featuring soccer legend Doctor Khumalo. In 2014, rappers JR, Okmalumkoolkat and Spoek Mathambo released a song titled Bob Mabena. Bob’s move into the executive world was with the SABC, where he served as executive manager of commercial radio stations; Metro FM, 5FM and GoodHope FM for two years. Soon after that he was recruited by MRC Radio as director in charge of their radio stations; Gagasi FM and Heart FM. He was also group head of programming for MSG Afrika Broadcasting, a role that required him to oversee talent and content output in the group’s four radio stations. His achievements and awards include: Two months ago, Bob went on Twitter to vent out that hospitals were not ready for patients as the spread of Covid-19 increased. He also revealed how he lost his grandmother during this lockdown period. He leaves behind his wife and children. 