FAMILY and neighbours of a woman who were worried about her disappearance are today spitting fire. This is because for two weeks the family and neighbours from Mthwalume, southern KZN, have been searching for her and thought that she might have been killed, but all along she was having quality time with her new boyfriend. Nosipho Gumede (32) left home with her child (2), saying she was going to Sibanini. But she never reached the place and didn’t even come back home. After her disappearance, everyone was worried. They thought that she and her child might have been killed, just like the five women in Mthwalume. Some neighbours posted on Facebook that she is missing and her family reported the matter to the police. CPF chairman Lucky Bhuyeni told Daily Sun that Nosipho was found sleeping at her new boyfriend’s house on Wednesday night. “The boyfriend said Nosipho didn’t want to go back home. He said he didnt force her to stay with him. We then forced her to go back home. She is in good health and she didn’t look like someone who was forced to stay where we found he.” He said this angered residents because they’ve been worried sick about her. “Some women have been found dead. What she did was wrong. She is old enough to know that she should inform her family when she’s not going to come back home,” he said. Nosipho’s aunt, Tracy Shezi (52), said they are relieved that they found Nosipho and the child alive, although they are angry with her for leaving without saying anything. “When we couldn’t find her, we thought she was also killed. I appreciate the residents’ assistance because they helped to find her,” she said. When Nosipho was contacted, she said: “I was never missing. My cousin knows that my cellphone has a battery problem and I can only charge it when I’m at home. My aunt shouldn’t have reported me missing without searching for me properly. I think she just wanted fame.” Nosipho said she doesn’t want to answer any more questions and hung up her cellphone. KZN cops spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that Nosipho was reported missing at Hibberdene cop shop. Meanwhile, five women from Mthwalume have been found dead in the area since March this year. Two suspects were arrested last Thursday and were expected to appear in court on Monday. But one of the suspects killed himself in the holding cells while the other didn’t appear due to lack of evidence.