BOSASA showered former environmental affairs minister Nomvula Mokonyane with flowers and gift hampers on her birthdays. This was according to the evidence of her PA, Sandy Thomas, at the Zondo Commission yesterday. Thomas said Bosasa boss Gavin Watson would consult her on what type of flowers or gifts Mokonyane would like. “He would call me directly and ask what do I think he should buy because maybe the previous year he bought flowers for her. I wouldn’t know if he bought the gift and if it was sent. It would not come to me,” said Thomas. She said she also received gifts from Watson because her birthday is a day after Mokonyane’s. She said she only saw Watson once when he came to Mokonyane’s house before her son’s funeral to pass his condolences. Thomas also confirmed to the commission that Bosasa bought grocery that was distributed to the needy people around Kagiso kasi in the West Rand. She said the food would be kept at Mokonyane’s house for packing and distribution. “The grocery was for the most needy people in Kagiso community not for Mokonyane family,” said Thomas. She said the food parcels were distributed yearly. She said the food was kept at Mokonyane’s garage for safekeeping. “For me, it was the safest place to keep the grocery. It would happen around Christmas time,” said Thomas. She said sometimes Bosasa would skip a year and Mokonyane would organise the “Christmas party” on her own. She said sometimes Mokonyane would not know about the delivery of grocery because Watson would speak directly to her and not Mokonyane. Thomas said another person that she dealt with at Bosasa was former COO Angelo Agrizzi. “I dealt with Agrizzi once or twice. I won’t say I called him for this or that. My communication was mostly with Watson,” she said. Agrizzi testified that he dealt with Thomas several times if he couldn’t get hold of Mokonyane. He went on to say when he and Watson visited Mokonyane’s house days leading up to her son’s funeral, Thomas was there. “I don’t remember anything like this. I went through it but I don’t remember,” said Thomas. She denied any knowledge about Bosasa sponsoring Mokonyane’s daughter with a car as Agrizzi claimed. She told the chairman of the commission Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that, as part of her job, she also dealt with Mokonyane’s domestic affairs when she was away. She said domestic workers would call her if there was a problem with lights or water in the house. Thomas said one day Mokonyane’s husband, who was responsible for security and maintenance at the house, asked her to call Richard (Le Roux) from Bosasa to come and check the alarm system because he was not around. She said she did not know who installed the system. She said all she could remember was that while Mokonyane was Gauteng MEC for housing, security upgrades were done at her house. “Who installed it and who paid for it I can’t say,” said Thomas.