GOVERNMENT has warned Mzansi’s people to drink and party
safely. This past weekend was the first since the ban on booze and skyf
was lifted. Social media was full of concerning videos and photos of
parties of wat more than 50 people, car accidents and reckless behaviour.  Groove in Qwaqwa pic.twitter.com/IKB0CL2azn  Two cops are part of more than 700 people arrested across
Gauteng this past weekend for a variety of charges including drunken driving. Cigarette sales have been allowed for the first time since
the start of the lockdown in late March. On Saturday August 15 ,President Cyril Ramaphosa announced that
booze and  skyf would be sold again but
warned that the fight against the coronavirus was not over. Mzansi currently has recorded nearly 13 000 coronavirus
deaths. In July,President Ramaphosa shocked boozers and businesspeople
when booze was banned with immediate effect citing a strained health sector
by  alcohol abuse-related cases. Today government through its communication service sent a statement
expressing concern over the seeming abuse of booze once again.  “When the President announced last week that the country
would move to alert level 2 of the lockdown to allow for more reopening of the
economy, many South Africans saw this as a positive sign that we are making
progress in our efforts to contain the Coronavirus. “  “The President, rightly so, reminded us to continue to
exercise the greatest caution and care, during alert level 2 and remain
ever-vigilant. Booze was said to be the cause of a fatal crash in which three
Tshwane Metro cops died chasing an alleged drunk driver.  “As verified by the police, 740 suspects, including two
police officers were arrested for drinking and driving. A 27-year-old Constable
was arrested in Sedibeng on Saturday night after driving into an accident,
injuring a bystander. He was charged with driving while under the influence of
alcohol as well as reckless and negligent driving. A Sergeant was arrested in
Norwood, Johannesburg on Thursday night after his car collided with a Metro
police vehicle. The 37-year-old was arrested on the spot and charged with
driving while under the influence of alcohol.”  “Government calls on all South Africans to promote
responsible alcohol use and road safety in the country.”   