RESIDENTS of Ga-Maribana Village have finally taken their anger to the streets. They barricaded the road leading to Modumo High School with burning tyres in the early hours of Tuesday. This comes after the school in Moletjie outside Polokwane, Limpopo, failed to resume classes on the first day of schooling after the five months Covid-19 break. On Monday, parents had to forcibly take their kids out of the school. They claimed the school does not meet the required standard. According to the parents, the Department of Basic Education has failed to deliver some PPE and water at the school as promised. Community leader Marcus Mapholletja said that the situation at the school is bad. “We have been engaging with the department for years regarding the school’s situation, but our concerns fell on deaf ears,” said Mapholletja. He said it is unfortunate that they cannot risk with their children’s lives, especially during these difficult times. “Having no water at school also remains a serious challenge which we cannot condone,” he said. “We have been told to regularly wash our hands to fight this pandemic, but no action is being taken at our schools regarding water crisis,” he said. He said the last time they visited the department was in February this year. “There was green light about the erection of fence, toilets and borehole at the school and they promised that they were still appointing contractors, but nothing happened,” he said. He said the school will remain closed until the department comes on board. Mapholletja said it concerns them as parents that the department focuses and visits only a few selected schools across the province. “We are not sure if being located in a village is one thing that makes the department turns it’s blind eye on us,” said Mapholletja. He said: “We engaged with the department several times but failing to deliver as promised looks like they are taking advantage of us. We have heard it and enough is enough with the department’s empty promises.” He said the school’s matriculants are currently using the community hall. “Because we care about our children’s future, we then had to ask for the hall so our kids can in the meantime use it while waiting for the empty promises,” he said. Parent Jennifer Tsiri said it is shocking to see their children struggling to get a proper education under the democratic government. “Our government has failed and it continues to fail us,” said Tsiri. She said their children are hungry for education, but they fear that the government’s poor treatment can affect their future. Capricorn north district director, Director Mothemane, said the district is aware of the matter and they are on it. “It is unfortunate that we were blocked by the residents and burning tyres on our arrival at the village. The situation made it difficult for us to meet the principal and SGB,” said Mothemane. “We will, however, first seek a solution which can help us reach the two parties and ensure that things go back to normal,” he said.