WARD 35 Councillor Mboniswa Chitha said he has been asking the city to fix the R300 canal/pond in Lower Crossroads, Philippi East, Cape Town. “I have been reporting this canal to the city. They promised to fix the problem in January, but they didn’t,” said Chitha. According to him, the pipes in the canal need to be fixed and people are getting sick because of the smell that comes out of it. “The smell is terrible, especially to those living near to the canal. They also struggle with mosquitos that are caused by the kak that is running through that canal,” said Chitha. He told Daily Sun that residents sometimes thought he is not reporting to these things. “The city does not care about our people. No one deserves to live in this condition, especially now that there is corona. We are encouraging residents to make sure that their areas are safe, but how are they supposed to do that in a condition like this one?,” asked Chitha. He said if the city is not planning to fix the canal, they must rather just close it. Gogo Uenice Makhasi (80) lives near the canal. She said she has stopped enjoying the sun because of the smell. “We are always indoors, with our doors closed because of the unbearable smell. The city needs to fix this or else we will be killed by this before corona kills us,” said Uenice. She said it is with God’s grace that she is still alive. “The smell is too much and when there are heavy rains, all that comes inside our houses. This is bad and no one deserves to experience what we are going through,” said Uenice. Mayoral Committee Member for Waste and Water Alderman Xanthea Limberg said the pipes are functional and don’t require repairs. “High volumes of rags flushed down the system have led to pump station failures, which in turn cause overflows,” said Limberg. She said that the system is not designed to process these materials which clog it up and cause damage. The city calls on platforms with public reach, such as this publication, to assist by amplifying the message that ongoing dumping into the system directly leads to blockages and overflow. “Residents are reminded that even when the system is not experiencing a malfunction, canals are not suitable for direct human contact and the city has been continually attending to the problem,” said Limberg. Mayoral Committee Member for Transport Alderman Purchase said the canal is part of the city’s Stormwater Network and some services are located within that space. “It would be feasible to close canals adjacent to the R300 as this acts as a buffer between the road and the residential area, should the fence fail,” said Purchase.