THE Mzansi boxing fraternity has launched a movement called “Save Our Boxing Forum”. The South African boxing community believes taking over the administration of the sport will rescue it. Former boxers, trainers, managers and prominent boxing personalities said the sport is dying slowly under the Act of Parliament. For years, boxing in South Africa has been governed by an Act of Parliament. First the Boxing and Wrestling Act of 1959 and Act No 27 of 2001 were signed into law to usher in Boxing South Africa. And the only way to save the once popular sport is to allow people with knowledge of boxing to run it as a private entity. That is the thinking behind the formation of the new forum. Founding member Pius Dipheko said they are not fighting with the administrators who currently run the sport, but want to work with them to save boxing. “We want to help, not work against them to save our sport,” said Dipheko. “Boxing is at its lowest point right now. It needs administrators with knowledge of the sport (to run it). “The sport is on the ropes, fighting for survival, struggling to attract sponsorships and broadcasters.” The former boxer believes boxing can only recover if it can be moved away from being under government. “There are sponsors who are willing to come on board but because boxing is under the government, they can’t. “It would feel like they are sponsoring government,” he said. Two former Boxing SA acting chief executive officers (CEOs) – Dumile Mateza and Loyiso Mtya – believe boxing can improve as a private entity if they get rid of some of the regulations. Mateza has advised the forum to approach the Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa. But before they do that, they should get the views of all the provinces and try and organise a meeting with the minister. “My view is that if the Boxing Act does not do anything for boxing, then we should ditch the Act. Form a Section 21 company to be able to negotiate sponsorship and broadcast rights in a central system. Boxing must learn to run itself,” said Mateza. Meanwhile, Mtya thinks the combination of two sectors can work hand-in-hand. “I think the private sector can partner with the public sector and change some of the regulations,” said Mtya.