THE SA Football Association (Safa) has dissolved their Umgungundlovu region in KwaZulu-Natal. However, the region staffers are not folding their arms. They have taken Safa to the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA). Safa has apparently resolved to dissolve the region because of rumoured infighting. This came after Umgungundlovu Safa president Sifiso Zondi was left standing alone after four of his deputies resigned. Safa dissolved the region because Zondi doesn’t have a committee. Hloniphile Hlongwane, who’s the executive in the region, said she was unlawfully removed from the region’s payroll by Zondi. She then took the matter to the CCMA. “I got my money in February after I took Safa to the CCMA. That was the last time (February) I got my salary for months I was owed, but that is not all of it,” said Hlongwane. “I can’t go to the office, and Tebogo Motlanthe (Safa CEO) instructed me not to go until (we are on) Level 1 of the lockdown restrictions.” It didn’t end there for Hlongwane: “Zondi came to my office and he pointed a gun AT me to take the bus and the car. I reported this matter to Safa national and they have not done anything. Kwenza Ngwenya, who is the chairman of Safa in eThekwini, is aware of this.” Motlanthe said he’s also aware of what is happening in Umgungundlovu and condemns the alleged act of criminality by Hlongwane: “We know where the car and the bus are. But if you need more, speak to Kwenza Ngwenya.” Ngwenya, who was last year’s Bafana head of delegation at the 2019 Afcon finals in Egypt, said: “I heard she had a gun pointed at her in the office, but I cannot be sure about it. What I can tell you about that region is they fought in the committee. The mistake Hloni made, as a Safa employee in the region, was to take sides in the infighting. When you are a staff member, you just don’t do that. “Because she had a contract, she took Safa to the CCMA and Safa paid the money through her lawyer. That’s why she’s no longer part of the system. We reached an agreement for her to return all Safa working tools in that region.” Motlanthe added: “Our committee members have been there and they are dealing with the matter. But we can’t be talking about regions when football is at the standstill now. Also, it is not the only region we have had challenges with.” When asked if he was aware that Hlongwane was pointed with a gun in the office, Motlanthe said: “Once there’s an element of criminality, the police must come in. But talk to Kwenza Ngwenya because he can be able to respond to most of these allegations.”