FORMER Black Leopards coach Allan Clark says South African football is now stagnant due to the recycling of coaches. Clark revealed in a Zoom meeting with the South African Football Journalist Association (SAFJA) that local coaches lack critical thinking compared to their European counterparts. The outspoken mentor says others execute their jobs based on history and are afraid to equip themselves with new knowledge which has also affected performance of PSL clubs. Clark recently resigned from relegation haunted Lidoda Duvha to coach FC Llapi that campaigns in Superleague of Kosovo. He will leave the country on Sunday to start pre-season training ahead of the new season. Said Clark: “What I learnt from my experiences in South Africa is that many coaches are afraid, they don’t want to question, there is lack of critical thinking. In SA we do things, but no one asks why, how do we do that, why do you do this? We just say oh we do it because we did it in 1980. I think in South Africa we must be careful that football outside in the world is changing so much. But inside there is not much change than coaches who change their badge on shirt every year moving through the same clubs. We should be careful it will stagnate our football. But instead of stagnating I want to develop, I want to be better.” Clark says lack of new ideas at club level has also affected national team’s performances. “The biggest stagnate in performance of our football is our national teams. We can compete nicely with bigger teams, but there is very little growth or change within clubs. We are not producing players that can compete at national team level. Nothing develops because same players are playing the same way they used to, in my opinion you see that in the A (Bafana Bafana) national team and maybe Under 21 level.” Clark said with top class facilities in the country South Africa should be among the top footballing countries. “It’s sad that is South Africa with all the good facilities we are not among top two or top three countries in Africa. It’s unbelievable facilities we have even compared to Kosovo. The national stadium they built recently host 10 000 people, but they are the most improved country in Europe beneath Norway. They have players playing in every major league in Europe.”  ‘ 