MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane is optimistic that Bidvest Wits will do him a favour and stop Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium today (3.30pm). Jingles is seeking some help elsewhere after his side reached 53 points, the same number of points of that log leaders Chiefs after defeating Soweto giants 1-0 at Orlando Stadium on Friday. Mosimane’s men, who face Baroka FC at 6pm today, are looking to claim the championship under Chiefs' grasps who have been on top of the log since game number two of the season last year. Things are also all too familiar for Sundowns now. In the past two seasons, they have been stronger when the season reaches the climax having done so under the noses of Orlando Pirates. “If those games we drew in the bubble, if those teams did Kaizer Chiefs a favour, yes I’m also hoping for someone to do me a favour,” said Mosiamane who replied after a long pause. “But looking at the situation, it is everyone himself here. So no one is going to do you favours. The bubble is difficult and nobody wins easily, we are all drawing. “If you win, it’s a narrow win. And by the way, who is winning in the bubble? But the championship is not in our hands. “Yes, we have reduced the points but the championship is not in our hands. It is Kaizer Chiefs’ hands. It is for them to lose the match (against Wits), it is for them to lose the championship. As Sundowns, we are chasing. They are leading.” With how the bubble has tested his side, Mosimane added that playing beautiful football has gone out of the window and what is the important now is to get over the line. The former Bafana Bafana coach ditched that out on Friday. Leading 1-0 in the second half, Mosimane took off Themba Zwane and goal scorer Gaston Sirino, the two architects for the goal, in the 65th minute. Sundowns, without those two, decided to sit back and absorb Chiefs' pressure.At the end of the game, Sundowns had two left backs, two right backs and four defenders. “We know what to do. Are we playing very well? No. Are we looking like Mamelodi Sundowns? No. But do we want to fight for the title? Yes,” said Jingles. “We’ll do what we need to do to win the title. This is not the time to play good football, it is the time to win the championship.”