AMCU leader Joseph Mathunjwa has moved to rename the Marikana massacre to Sibanye massacre after the take over of the mining operations from Lonmin. Mathunjwa, introducing a keynote address at the 8th memorial lecture of the Marikana massacre on Friday afternoon, said because Sibanye mining has taken over operations from Lonmin, the tragedy would now be named after the mine and not Lonmin. This is despite the fact that it was never called Lonmin massacre, but rather Marikana. Mathunjwa labeled as a thief just like Lonmin, likened them as cousins whose aim was to destroy the life of black people. He told participants of the lecture that the main reason for Sibanye Stillwater to take over operations at Lonmin was to destroy Amcu. "We as workers don't have justice today. Where are our brothers? Where are our fathers? There is no justice. "Where is the justice for the victims of Marikana massacre? We used to say it's Marikana massacre and we moved to say Lonmin massacre. Lonmin is gone. In terms of labour relations, Sibanye has taken over everything. That means we must call it Sibanye massacre," said the union leader. Mathunjwa also lambasted former public protector Advocate Thuli Madonsela for agreeing to be the keynote address of a parallel lecture organised by Sibanye Mining. He said Madonsela has never set foot at the koppie where the miners were butchered, but today she has agreed to address a lecture to commemorate the miners. "Where is the conscience of Thuli Madonsela? She has never even been at the koppie where her brothers have been killed. When the masters call, they go running but when the downtrodden call, no one runs," he said. Madonsela said she understood the anger of Mathunjwa and they need to lash out but argued that she has been to Marikana when she investigated the Bapo Ba Mogale mining royalties. She also said she was not aware the lecture was not jointly and would be happy to honour an invite from Mathunjwa. “My hope is to assist with remembering, healing, and renewal. To do so we need all hands on deck. "He says 'when the master calls, they come running'. That’s part of the remembering we need to do. Just because colonialists imposed themselves and called themselves our masters in the past, we need not continue wearing the chains of regarding white people as masters and black people as servants,” Madonsela said.  