THE coronavirus outbreak has put a hold on the promising boxing career of KwaZulu-Natal ring queen Bathabile “Short Gun” Ziqubu. Ziqubu who juggles between being a teacher and a professional boxer said with the Covid-19 pandemic it has been impossible to balance the two careers. The former amateur star from Ekuvukeni township in Mnambithi decided to take a break from the sport she loves. “Boxing is my life and I’m passionate about it, as I am about education but Covid-19 made it difficult to balance the two,” said the young fighter. “I sat down with my promoter, explained my situation and she understood. I cannot miss work for 10 days to be in an isolation camp, education needs me more,” she said. Ziqubu was billed for the TLB Promotions tournament in March but that event was cancelled due to the coronavirus outbreak. Since combat sport is gearing for a much anticipated return, the TLB boss Joyce Kungwane wished to have the talented female boxer on her fight card. But unfortunately due to work her commitments Ziqubu had to pull-out. “I feel sad that I won’t be able to participate in that tournament, being absent from work for 10 days is too much. Once everything has returned to normal I will come back to boxing. I still have goals to achieve as a boxer. Among those goals are to win titles, be a great role model in my community and change people’s mindset about boxing especially females,” she said. In the past the former All-Africa Game bronze medalist managed to balance work, studying and boxing but Covid-19 has proved to be her toughest opponent. “It was hard but I have managed to pull through with a lot of sacrifices along the way. When I prepared for a fight I use my time wisely. Before going to work I would start at the gym and train in the afternoon as well. That exercise was bit challenging because as a teacher you take your schoolwork home,” explained Ziqubu. The hard-working fighter graduated with her honours in June . “I wanted to study for my masters this year, then came Covid-19 and it was a blow for my boxing career. I’m not studying and not boxing, 2020 is a year lost in many ways.”