Award-winning musician Lady Zamar has also told her side of the story. This after Afro-soul singer Sjava, whose real name is Jabualani Hadebe, made a statement addressing the rape allegations levelled against him by the Collide hitmaker. In his lengthy video Sjava, who also launched his own record label, apologised to Lady Zamar, denied being married and also denied the rape allegation against him. “Not even a single day I remember her telling me that on this particular night I did not like what you did. "All my life I have been very active at fighting all kinds of abuse, and women and children abuse is something that I am against. “Even through my music and private space, I have always been vocal about it. And it is painful that I am the one who’s being labelled a rapist while I have always taken it upon myself to create awareness through my craft. I do not wish to see it happening to anyone else,” he said. He also revealed that he has opened a case of defamation against Lady Zamar. “Following the tweets and what she wrote, I opened a case of defamation against her, which was my way of protecting myself and telling my truth. “But so far nothing is happening. I have done everything within my power and have sent letters to her team, but they haven’t been responding. “What is painful is that it has been a year since this took place and it has cost me a lot of opportunities and due to that, I haven’t been able to support my family,” he said. Since then Lady Zamar has also responded, in a lengthy and emotional video. She said she sat down with her legal team and they have decided to set the record straight with regards to her allegations and her past relationship with Sjava. "I never wanted to open a case, but sometimes everything you do in your power is not enough. Justice must be served at some point. There is still a case opened, it has not been closed, I have not retracted it in any way or form. "Let me be clear, it's a rape case. The rape of 2017, September it took place in Limpopo. I won't go into every little detail, but I will give you some insight," she said. She also went into detail how they met leading to the day he allegedly raped her. According to Lady Zamar, their relationship started off slowly by getting to know each other and nothing sexual was happening between them during that time of getting to know each other. Lady Zamar also revealed that they never had discussions of having sex with each other. She then went on to speak about the festival they attended together and how the alleged rape took place.    SEE VIDEOS BELOW: Lady Zamar speaks on her relation with Sjava (Jabulani)Thread pic.twitter.com/f4qJu53MbP  Sanibonani I have decided to make this video so people can get to understand what’s going on about my situation and the whole thing regarding A post shared by  Sjava Indlalifa (@sjava_atm) on Aug 26, 2020 at 3:55am PDT  