ORLANDO Pirates coach, Josef Zinnbauer, is a broken man that his side has not been performing according to his expectations, especially now during the resumption of football. Bucs have now gone five matches without a win following a 1-1 draw with relegation threatened Baroka FC at Emirates Park on Tuesday. The Soweto giants are also going through a scoring crisis that started in February. As if that was not enough, the Pirates defence is also a course for concern having allowed Bakgaga striker Evidence Makgopa to grab the equaliser in the 34th minutes to cancel Tshegofatso Mabasa’s opener in the 15th minutes. “The momentum was broken after the lockdown, and we feel that at this moment,” Zinnbauer said. “Of course we always want three points, but at the moment you see the results are not coming. “We are getting into the final third and the clear pass, clear shot is not happening.” Pirates will need to be at their best on Sunday if they are to overcome Cape Town City at Loftus Stadium. A defeat could dent Bucs’ ambition of securing a spot in the Caf Champions League. Pirates are third on the league table with 43 points, nine points behind log leaders Kaizer Chiefs and three behind second placed Mamelodi Sundowns. “Results for me are not good... getting one point is not enough,” said Zinnbauer. The German-born mentor is confident that his winger Thembinkosi Lorch will regain his form that saw him lift the PSL Footballer of the Year award last season. Lorch failed to live up to expectations on Tuesday following his return to camp after his suspension was lifted by the club for breaking the club’s bio-bubble rules, together with Justin Shonga, who has yet to face a disciplinary hearing. Explained Zinnbauer: “Lorch is coming into the game and you see the quality he brings in the game. His fitness level is still questionable, (that’s why) we brought him in from the bench. You know the quality is good, he is a top player, not (only) in our team, but the whole league. We have him now and we will use his quality in the next game.”