THEIR daughter will be graduating as a sangoma soon. A gobela gave them a list of items needed for the ceremony including booze, but the Dlaminis aren’t happy. He asked for two bottles of Jameson, two of Hennessy, two of Glenfiddich, and two of Johnnie Walker Black. “I’m not counting the 12 Black Label, 12 Castle and 12 Heineken ngudus. This is a lot,” said the thwasa’s father, Sibalukhulu. He said the gobela wanted to get drunk at their expense. Sibalukhulu (46) from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, said: “We’ll spend close to R6 000 on booze alone. What madness is that? We can’t allow this. We need healers to tell us if this is right. He said booze is important. “He said his ancestors love it and there had to be a lot for a ceremony to go smoothly.” Sibalukhulu, a pastor, doesn’t drink alcohol. “I have to go to a bottle store and drag a trolley full of alcohol. Where will I get that money.” The thwasa’s mum, Nomalanga (40), said: “This gobela is ripping us off. He thinks we’re fools. He thinks we’ll stock up for him and his friends because the booze ban has been lifted. We’d rather cancel.” Gobela Manzanzima Hlabangane said: “Beliefs aren’t the same, but if they can they should buy it. Everything will be smooth on the day. Their kid will become powerful.” Explaining how Thokozile (20) ended up with Manzanzima, Nomalanga said she was troubled and izangoma told them she needed to thwasa. “One day she left and never came back. We looked for her and later got a call from this gobela saying he’d found our daughter in his indumba. He said her ancestors sent her there to thwasa,” she said. She said the gobela started with the process in March. “He recently told us training was done and we had to prepare for graduation. We needed to buy a goat and we were fine. The problem started when he told us about booze.” Thokozile, who’s still with Manzanzima, saidshe used to be sick before ukuthwasa, but now felt better. “I think my parents should just buy that alcohol. I’ll repay them once I’m done. I don’t want noise on my graduation day, more especially over alcohol. I just want to graduate in peace, so my ancestors will be happy.” Daily Sun spoke to other izangoma, who said alcohol was needed for such ceremonies, but that the gobela shouldn’t rip people off.