BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane says they feel “refreshed and rejuvenated” and are ready to end their seven-year trophy drought. Phunya Sele Sele and Baroka FC will have the honour of kicking off the PSL restart when the two sides lock horns in the Nedbank Cup semi-finals at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (2pm). This will be the first match in over four months after football in the country was halted by the coronavirus outbreak back in March. The last time Celtic played was in the same competition when they edged GladAfrica Championship side TS Sporting 3-2 on penalties in the quarter-finals. The victory earned them their first semi-final appearance in over 12 years, and an opportunity to end a long spell without silverware. Mabokgwane, who has been a key member of the Celtic team this season, says they are eager to make more history by reaching the final of the lucrative cup competition for the first time. They stand to gain R2.5 million just by reaching the final and R7 million should they manage to go all the way and lift the coveted trophy. “It’s an honour to be kicking off the restart after such a long time without playing football,” said Mabokgwane. “The boys are all fit and ready, we can’t wait to take to the field and do our best for this club. We have a chance to reach a cup final for the first time in a very long time, so we are ready to take that chance. “Obviously, we are aware that it will not be easy, especially given that it will be under unusual circumstances in the bio-bubble without our supporters, but we have to adapt quickly and be on top of our game.” This will be Celtic’s first match since the departure of their former head coach Lehlohonolo Seema who has joined Chippa United. Seema, along with John Maduka, led Celtic to a respectable finish in the league last term as well as a cup semifinal this season. Mabokgwane insists that Maduka is more than capable of steering the ship on his own and believes the club are still headed in the right direction with him in charge. “We have just lost one head, but we are still on track with our goals and objectives for this season and beyond,” added Mabokgwane. “Coach Maduka has been here all along. He knows all of us very well and we know him, nothing has changed, we continue working as normal.”