When it comes to fake designers, no one is sparred, including celebrities themselves. The likes of Uyanda Mbuli have been scrutinized and accused of wearing fake designer labels, but she came out to rubbish the claims made against her designer items. The copies of legitimate brands are costing the economy billions, as the market for counterfeit items has grown significantly. Instagram predicts the counterfeit community will be worth £1.38 trillionthis year.  Victoire Boyer Chammard, head of authentication at pre-owned fashion site VestiaireCollective.com, told Siobhan O’Connor her top eight tips for quality-checking a luxury item, focusing on Louis Vuitton.Stitches Authentic Louis Vuitton bags will have evenly spaced threading, while fakes are more likely to have uneven and slanted stitches.  The Letters How your brand name letters are written can be a clear sign if it’s the real deal or not.Each letter must match with the graphic charter of the brand and they must be stamped in the same way.With Louis Vuitton, pay attention to the O.  3. Check the Logo Similarly, logos are another key spot to check.The monogram should be consistent in placement and not crooked or cut off. 4. Check if it's Genuine leather not pleather Smell, feel and analyse the material.If it’s leather, it should look like leather with a natural smell.A plastic scent is not real.It should be soft and consistent in colour, too. 5. Check if the code is valid Check the date code, otherwise known as a serial number, stamped on a leather part in the lining.Louis Vuitton uses a combination of letters and numbers to determine the precise time the bag was made.This should match the “Made In” stamp (see below).The only exception is if you’re buying a vintage bag made before the 1980s – then you won’t find a number. 6. Check where it was made The country it was made in will feature inside.Fakes routinely use “Made in France”, yet some of Louis Vuitton’s special collections have been made in Spain and America.Be sure to always check your specific model’s serial code and make sure they line up.