FOR all the fear-mongering about football resumption, it has been a fairly smooth restart to the PSL season. Everything seems to have fallen into place as pre-planned to work like clockwork, even better than the government’s sluggish reaction to the PPE scandals. Pessimism from certain quotas have proven to be nothing but paranoia, seeing as the PSL have followed protocols as outlined by the government. Safety measures have been put in place and the Covid-19 tests are being conducted more regularly than most industries and departments have cared to under national lockdown. The Nedbank Cup semi-finals have been completed without any controversy and so far, all Premiership and First Division matches have gone on without issues. The protocols have been followed to the latter, with the pre-bio-bubble testing revealing only a single case for concern. Hell, even the referees, who are often the major talking point, have upped their game. Besides the empty stadiums, there isn’t much to suggest football is being played under unusual circumstances. Bar any hiccups, the season, the longest ever in the history of the PSL, should be completed on time as planned. And this is commendable. But as can be expected, the four-and-half month break will have an effect on the quality of the game. Off-the-pitch factors will go a long way towards determining the results and in essence, the outcome of the season. The playing fields can never be even under these conditions, and it depends on how clever teams box to win the bout as opposed to just a single round. As a colleague quipped, the league title, as well as relegation battle, could well be decided from inside the hotel room, where players are under lock and key like jailbirds. There can be no objection to the fact the conditions will have more disadvantages than advantages, especially to the smaller teams with lean squads. The conditioning, recovery and proper management of players is as important as the tactics and approach to the match. How will the departure of George Maluleka affect Kaizer Chiefs? What about the suspension of Thembinkosi Lorch for breach of bio-bubble at Orlando Pirates? No doubt it could have been different two months ago. What about those with shoe-string budgets, the smaller clubs who depend solely on league grants? Well, it is about survival... and watch the title race from the sidelines like spectators. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso