VUSI Ngubane’s family plans to sue Zodwa Wabantu after she allegedly attacked her ex’s sister Mbali Buthelezi at the family home in Empangeni. Said Mbali: “I made a video with Vusi on Monday and posted it on Facebook. I meant no harm by it, but on Tuesday I was attacked by Zodwa. “She was with police and her gang. I was outside and Zodwa jumped out of her kombi. “She called me a bitch and started shoving me around. The police reprimanded her.” Her mum was traumatised as Zodwa looked for Vusi. WIFE AND PASTOR POKE AT CHURCH! “I told her he’s in Durban but that made her angry. I’m told she arrived early and drove around my area before coming to my house. “She even took photos of me and I’m being insulted on social media. This isn’t the end of it. She’ll get what’s coming to her.” Vusi’s other sister, Zandile, said: “Her status doesn’t give her the right to disrespect us. “She invaded our privacy and put our lives at risk. We’ll decide what legal steps to take. “I believe Vusi blocked her because she disrespected him. Zodwa has our numbers and could’ve called us to speak to him.” She said her family is well off and her brother isn’t as hungry as Zodwa says he is. “When they met he had a business and didn’t depend on her. He’s skinny because of our family’s genes.” ZODWA IS ON A MANHUNT! The fight between Zodwa and Vusi started on Monday when she offered R20 000 to anyone who could tell her where he was. She wrote on Instagram: “Anyone who finds the fraudster, I need him alive. I have a case against you. I opened it today.” She later posted a half-naked photo of Vusi and wrote: “After one week of introducing Spoti to my home, I knew before buying him clothes I had to feed him.” Vusi told the SunTeam his legal team advised him not to comment. Zodwa said: “I’ve been chasing after Vusi after he stole something special to me. If he can bring it to me I’ll stop chasing him.” Captain Nqobile Gwala said the complainant alleged a known suspect hacked her social media account as well as her email address.