IN the spirit of honouring Women’s Month, the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality, together with the Eastern Cape provincial legislature and district municipalities across the province, hosted a virtual Women’s Parliament on Thursday. The aim was to address the double scourge of Covid-19 and gender-based violence. The district municipalities reported on the challenges faced by women in their areas, and their plans to curb the surge of violence against women. Addressing the challenges faced by women, Council Speaker Buyelwa Mafaya said the Women’s Parliament would sharpen the focus on the issues challenging women, men and children, especially in respect of gender-based violence. “The issue of women’s rights is not receiving the attention it deserves. Gender-based violence is deeply rooted in gender inequality and continues to be one of the most notable Human Rights violations within all societies. Both women and men experience GBV, but the vast majority of victims are women and girls. “In this municipality there is a dedicated office that deals with issues of Special Sectors, which include all vulnerable groups like children, elderly, people living with disabilities, youth, people living with albinism and women.” “We hosted a series of engagements and workshops in the past to ensure that mainstreaming does take place, but it has not yet happened. The Speaker’s Office and MMC for Constituency Services held a series of meetings to craft a way forward on how to take the mainstreaming debate further for it to have its intended impact,” she said. Mafaya added that the issue of gender equity, also at senior management level in this municipality, was still a challenge. “As women in council, we will recommend that women should be considered for the remaining executive positions, including that of the city manager. It must also be stated that the South African Justice System is very lenient towards perpetrators and as such, we find that women and children are victims on a daily basis. “Our collective response to Covid-19 has been marred by an escalation in GBV. We need to jointly pursue solutions that will promote the following: Job Security, Digital Transformation, Access to Health Services and Inclusive development,” Mafaya said.