FORMER Transnet CEO Siyabonga Gama accused his driver and
bodyguard of bewitching him. The witness, who was called Witness Two to protect his
identity, told the Zondo Commission on Thursday night that the accusation came
after he refused to help Gama's associate. He said his boss became angry and
their relationship was strained. "It subsequently ended up with me being accused of
witchcraft. Supposedly, there was a video where I was seen sprinkling something
at his Bryanston residence. That videos has never surfaced till this day,"
he said. He said with accusations piling up he decided to resign from
his job but his resignation was not accepted. Witness Two said instead cooked charges were brought against
him and a disciplinary action followed. He said he did not take part in the process and was
summarily dismissed. He said he challenged his dismissal and an investigation was
conducted. "It was considered that I was unfairly dismissed and
reinstated," he said. Witness Two told the commission that on 13 June 2017, he
drove Gama to a hotel in Melrose Arch, north of Joburg. He said Gama instructed him to go to the back of the hotel
and collect a parcel from Gupta lieutenant Salim Essa. He said Essa gave him the parcel in a plastic bag and put it
in the boot of the car. Witness Two said he came back to the front of the hotel to
pick up Gama and drove him to his residence in Bryanston. He said Gama went inside and came back after a few hours. "He asked me to open the back of the vehicle and take
out the bag we collected at Melrose. He opened it up started counting the cash
that was stacked inside," he said. He said the bag was a quarter full of R200 notes. He said he helped his boss count it was  about a million rands. He said Gama split the money into two stacks. "When he finished counting, he handed me what I
confirmed later when I got home to be R50 000. He never specified what was it
for and never asked for it back. I used it to build my home," said Witness
Two. Gama was fired in October 2018 following a legal battle with
the Transnet board. He was implicated in the irregular procurement of 1 064
locomotives through a contract that ballooned from R38.6bn in 2013 to R54.5bn. Witness Two claimed that drones were used to surveillance
his home. "I have received messages threatening me not to give
evidence at the commission. I reported them with police," he said.