LOOSELY translated, the name Sera means an enemy is Sesotho. And indeed Sera Motebang lived up to his name, proving to be the enemy as Bloemfontein Celtic derailed Kaizer Chiefs’ charge towards their first Absa Premiership title in four years. At the chilly Tuks Stadium last night, Motebang netted a brace as Bloemfontein Celtic thumped Amakhosi 3-1 to blow the title race open, while Victor Letsoalo sealed a fine win with a third goal midway in the second half. The win, though unexpected, means Amakhosi have to look behind their back as the result would have given nearest rivals Mamelodi Sundowns some hope. The Soweto giants are still perched at the top with 52 points with four games left, followed by the Brazilians in second on 46. Downs visit Maritzburg United tomorrow, with a chance to narrow the lead to three, having a game in hand. SuperSport United brushed aside Polokwane City 2-0 to remain in contention in the other match yesterday, and one wonders how the race would be had Orlando Pirates not stuttered in their last two matches. Erick Mathoho fired Amakhosi in the lead, heading in a crisp corner kick on the 35th minute as early pressure paid off. But Celtic fought their way back into the game with an equaliser, Motebang tapping in on the stroke of half-time. The Lesotho international was back on the scoresheet as he finished off from a Sifiso Ngobeni pass to put Siwelele in the lead minutes into the second half. As the pendulum swung Celtic’s way, the home side piled on the pressure and nearly scored the third as Amakhosi saw stars. And it came as no surprise when Letsoalo sealed victory for Celtic with his fourth goal of the season in the 75th minute. It could have been more. But Celtic had already made hay as they recorded only their second victory in 25 games against Chiefs. However, it was just a famous victory, which sent ripples through the PSL bio bubble. Phunya Sele Sele is now tenth with 32 points on the log, just two outside the top-eight brackets. Amakhosi’s defensive frailties have once again been exposed and Ernst Middendorp, who made curious substitutes, should be worried.