A
50-year-old man who is a member of community civic organisation made a brief
appearance at Mhala Magistrates Court today for allegedly raping a
7-year-old girl. He was not asked to plead to the charges before Magistrate Tanya Du Preez. Prosecutor Connie Moshabela opposed the bail saying the matter falls under
schedule six offences. "According to the charge sheet the incident happened on 10 July at
Hlalakahle Village. You raped a 7-year-old child. You have a right to get a
lawyer from legal aid board or from your own pocket as this offence you are
facing is very serious and falls under schedule six," said Du Preez. Women belonging to the ANCWL led by the Provincial league Secretary Lydia
Moroane were seen protesting outside the court with an aim to oppose bail. "This month of August, issues of gender- based violence and femicide are
regarded as a second pandemic. So, we are saying all perpetrators of these sort
must not get bail. And today we are happy. We are going to support this victim
and her family until justice is served accordingly," said Moroane. The victim's mum (25) said she was impressed of the court for opposing the
man's bail. "I am happy the court didn’t grant him bail. He is a married man and a
loyal member of our community civic organisation but he chose to rape a
minor," she said. The mum said she had visited her man in Mkhuhlu outside Hazyview, Mpumalanga. She left her playing with the man' s kids in his yard since on the day of the
rape. She said she was surprised when she returned home to find the little girl
missing until the next morning. "She was not walking properly and was crying as she could not play with
other kids. When asked what had happened, she said she was raped by him at his
house after being grabbed and had only released her in the morning. Her pants
were dirty and had reddish spots. Doctors confirmed she was raped, and we
reported the matter to the police who responded quickly and arrested him,
" said the mum. The matter was remanded until Thursday for lawyer arrangement and for police
further investigations 