ORLANDO Pirates are desperate to record their first win since the resumption of the PSL season. Pirates were held to a 0-0 draw by Bidvest Wits in their last Absa Premiership game played at the Emirates Airline Park over the weekend. That came hot on the heels of another goalless draw with Mamelodi Sundowns last Tuesday. Bucs are going through a serious drought having last won a match on 16 February when they beat relegation haunted Black Leopards 1-0 via an own goal courtesy of Thabiso Mokoena. The last time the Buccaneers scored a goal from open play was on 1 February when they beat Chippa United 2-1 via a brace by the league’s leading scorer Gabadinho Mhango. Pirates would be relieved if they get victory against Baroka FC when the teams battle it out at Emirates Park on Tuesday night (6pm). The two draws have robbed the Sea Robbers a chance to narrow the gap between them and leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Pirates captain Happy Jele admitted that their strikers, including Mhango, are under pressure to end the drought. “I think the goals will come, we are working hard at training to score them. It’s just that sometimes when you want it more it doesn’t come. “The guys that play forward are under pressure now because they want to score.” Jele is aware there will be no easy passage to glory against a Baroka side undefeated in their last two matches. They held AmaZulu to a 0-0 draw away on Saturday and beat Black Leopards 2-0 before the season was stopped in March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. Bakgaga are 13th on the league table on 24 points and are a point above the relegation zone. Said Jele: “Baroka are a good team. The first round we played against them we drew 2-2 and obviously it will be a difficult game, we respect them. “Now it’s very important to go and win the game. We need to work hard to make everyone happy in the team.” Jele is still hopeful that Pirates will secure a spot in Caf competitions. “We want to compete in Africa and that’s why it’s important to finish in a good position.”