HUNDREDS of day care principals staged a protest outside the Tshwane house, demanding urgent assistance from the City of Tshwane with the problems they are facing in their centres. The principals who came from all over Tshwane surrounded the Municipality's offices on Friday calling for the Administrator Mpho Nawa to listen to their grievances. They said all they want is to put on the table and create jobs, but the laws placed by the Municipality was making it difficult for them to do. They said when they had to close down their centres due to the lockdown, they knew that things were going to be difficult for them to open again. They said the Department of Social Development has released funds for them but they can’t access them because of by-laws from the City of Tshwane. They said the manner in which by-laws were being implemented by City of Tshwane officials, who also threaten to close community and home-based ECDs which were having limited space for children to play.  Leader of the group Grace Maluleke said no alternative is provided to erect a community-based site, or any exemption for centres who are squatter camps, unproclaim land and etc. "The process and costs of re-zoning or land use home-based sites it is expensive and is not affordable to the ECD sector as they are not profit making sector and 98 % of ECD charge very low amounts of school fees they are offering Social service to community," she said. She said all these problems they are facing they can be fixed by the Municipality if they were willing to listen to them.She said they have been trying to set up meetings with the City's officials but that has never materialised. "Most creches are struggling to open and this will leave more people jobless because we have teachers, cooks and gardeners will be left with no income," she said. Grace said the memorandum they will delivered has outlined all their problems, and they need a quick and lasting solution to their problems. She said they need the City of Tshwane to scrap the fees which are affordable to the ECD Sector. She said the fees are required when making application for rezoning or land use permit of community or home-based sites. "We need them to develop a assistance programmes to support and assist sites to comply with all City of Tshwane by-laws, to enable ECD centres to access Subsidy of Department of Social Development and Department of Health." "Provide assistance to Community and home-based ECD Centres which have to be re-zoned or getting Land use permit at no costs City of Tshwane." She said. From the City of Tshwane Acting Group head of community and social development services, Nava Pillay accepted the memorandum from the protesters.He promised to respond to their demands by the 11 of September. "We will gather all the necessary Departments and set a meeting to find a solution for this problem," he said. 