Up-and-coming rapper Lil Zara exposes Emtee on social media. Lil Zara said he paid Emtee R2 000 to help promote their song, Truth, but Emtee didn't. Taking to Twitter, Lil Zara said Emtee did him dirty. "I still can't believe how Emtee did me dirty. I paid him for a FT and still demanded money for promoting the song which I paid as well. Fast forward, we did a song together on my EP and Emtee went mute on me the day I dropped," he wrote.Lil Zara said on top of paying money to feature him, he also paid him R2 000 for him to promote their song.However, he claims Emtee didn't promote the song and didn't participate in challenges that people tagged him on."On the day of the Preorder, Emtee posted but said nothing about the Preorder i.e no link, no release date. Which left people wondering when the song will drop or if it has already dropped... The agreement was for Emtee to do 2 posts on both Instagram and Twitter. One,the song cover and the other video for the challenge encouraging his fans to join the challenge," wrote the rapper. Emtee responded to the tweets, saying he regrets featuring Lil Zara. Also read: NTANDO DUMA VS TWITTER TROLLS! When Emtee and his manager came back to us after 2 months,I was already done with my EP. I wanted to put the Emtee song on my Ep because I knew it would elevate my EP.  When Emtee and his manager came back to us after 2 months,I was already done with my EP. I wanted to put the Emtee song on my Ep because I knew it would elevate my EP.  Everything they asked us to pay we did even the over priced studio time and beat. Because I knew the kind of influence a person like Emtee can have on my EP. — Lil Zara (@LilZaraOfficial) August 10, 2020  My team and I decided to do a Preoder 2 days before the EP was released. I thought Emtee would be happy to tweet about it, since he’s always talking about uplifting young, upcoming artist but to my suprise. He wanted to be paid for posting on his Instagram and twitter pic.twitter.com/Vx9dm25J0y  Emtee and his management asked 3k for promotion. we negotiated for 2k due to the fact that we had already paid a lot for the FT. pic.twitter.com/dWFNOMuF3h  The agreement was for Emtee to do 2 posts on both Instagram and twitter. One,the song cover and the other video for the challenge encouraging his fans to join the challenge. pic.twitter.com/fh9S25T1UW  I sent his manager the content to post that day in the morning around 8. He blueticked and only responded around 11:50, knowing very well the campaign had already started. He said Emtee’s phone was off. But Emtee had been tweeting his own things. pic.twitter.com/ufOw0VIa1S  Emtee was tagged on over 5000 tweets, but he still choose to ignore and continue tweeting his own tweets. Knowing very well he was paid to promote. I texted his manager telling him we at number 3, can Emtee engage, I was blue ticked.  My manager texted Emtee’s manager the following day asking what happened? He ignored and blue ticked. pic.twitter.com/08Gw74IkzH  Mainstream artists always say they cant give handouts to upcoming artist but when we go all out, release a good EP, get a big FT and organise a proper marketing campaign. They still put us down.I am not trying to attack Emtee but truth be told. What he did is not cool. pic.twitter.com/SBaN6e9wAB  I don’t get why ma’fuckas bother featuring me then trip on me because the song is not “doing the numbers”. Bitch, you didn’t even pay my actual rate and I don’t work for nobody!!!  How is the song gonna do numbers if i paid you and your lazy ass went mute on me the day we dropped and you f*cked up the pre order day. Nigga you just selfish man and the fact that i use to respect you now you just clowning G https://t.co/ocTXBo3P1M    