CAPE Town City coach Jan Olde Riekerink says the team’s turnaround of fortunes after their wobbly start to the season is due to the players buying into his style of play. When the unknown Riekerink arrived in South Africa to replace Benni McCarthy last November, the team was in a shambles as results weren’t forthcoming. They were fighting for their lives at the bottom of the Absa Premiership table and that’s why the club decided to part ways with the former Bafana Bafana striker. But things have changed under the former Ajax Amsterdam assistant coach. Since the season restarted, City have won both their league games, starting with a win against Chippa United 1-0 at Orlando Stadium last Friday. Then on Monday, they dented Mamelodi Sundowns’ title aspiration when they beat the Tshwane giants 3-2 at Loftus Stadium to move into the top eight for the first time this season. “The players are a big unit and I think we used each other’s quality very well,” said Riekerink of the team which have won their last three league matches. “I think at this moment we are feeling strong and players are doing things the right way and that is the biggest strength of our team. “Now we have to go on with the same spirit and same way of playing until the end of the season.” The emphasis of City under Riekerink is to use pace and play between the lines. It was evident as Sundowns’ defence struggled to cope, because their centre-back pair of Wayne Arendse and Rivaldo Coetzee were slow. It allowed players such as Surprise Ralani to have a successful night as he scored twice, capitalising on Sundowns’ slow marking at the back. Kermit Erasmus netted in between Ralani’s two goals. And now the Mother City team have 32 points from 25 games. Riekerink said the immediate target is to remain there until the season is finished. City next “visit” Stellenbosch FC at Tuks Stadium on Thursday (6pm). “The goal is to be in the top eight and at this moment it is a fair goal,” Riekerink added. “We can be happy now but we have to protect this position.”