ORLANDO Pirates winless run continued last night when they were held to a 1-1 draw by relegation haunted Baroka FC in an Absa Premiership match at Emirates Park. Bucs have now  gone give matches without a win and this was their third draw since the resumption of PSL season. If they continue to drop crucial points, Pirates won’t reach their target to compete in the Caf Champions League next season. The Soweto giants are nine points behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs on 43 points and three behind second placed Mamelodi Sundowns. Both teams came into the match desperate for points having failed to register a win in their past two games. Ironically, the two sides have also failed to score in the two games they played prior to their encounter. Pirates played to a goalless draw with  Sundowns in their first match and then Bidvest Wits held them by the same margin, while Baroka were thrashed 3-0 by Bloemfontein Celtic in the Nedbank Cup semi-final before they played a 0-0 draw with AmaZulu in the league at the weekend. Bucs were eager to end their scoring drought having last found the back of net in February when they beat bottom club Black Leopards 1-0 via an own goal by Thabiso Mokoena. On the other hand, Baroka were desperate for victory to avoid the relegation axe hovering above their heads. The fact that Leopards registered a 3-2 win over Maritzburg United also added more pressure on them coming to this match. The Limpopo side remain 13th on the log table. Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer partnered Tshegofatso Mabasa with league's top scorer Gabadinho Mhango upfront hoping to get the much needed goals. Bucs winger Thembinkosi Lorch was given a run immediately after the break as his suspension was lifted for breaking the bio bubble rules together with Justin Shonga who is still suspended. Baroka coach Dylan Kerr made four changes to his starting line-up that drew against AmaZulu with Manuel Kambala, Sbonelo Ngubane, Tshiamo Masiya and Nhlanhla Mgaga getting the nod. Pirates had the upper hand from the onset pushing forward in numbers hoping to get an early goal and their efforts got rewarded in the 15th minutes when Mabasa grabbed the lead after he anticipated Masiya's back-pass to his keeper Elvis Chipezeze. Their joy was short-lived as Baroka midfielder Evidence Makgopa levelled matters in the 34th minutes from an offside position.