 SWALLOWS FC owner David Mogashoa says they are hoping that their home venue Makhulong Stadium will be in the best condition on Saturday. The venue which is situated in Tembisa has been allocated to GladAfrica championship sides, Swallows and Steenberg United. READ: WILL MAKHULONG BE READY? However, the pitch is believed to be in a bad condition and will need a lot of hard work from the Ekurhuleni Municipality to have it ready by Saturday where Swallows will play their first home game. The flying Birds who are chasing promotion are scheduled to host Real Kings at this venue on Saturday 3pm. "Based on the pictures I have seen on social media, the pitch is really in bad condition even our training venue is like Anfield compared to what I saw," Mogashoa told SunSport. "There's no way we can play in that field and I do not think it will be ready by Saturday. "However, we remain hopeful. But the league will let us know in time if there would be any changes." Makhulong is the home of Highlands Park who are playing in the top-flight. In May, Highlands Park boss Sinky Mnisi revealed that The Ekurhuleni municipality has repaired the floodlights, renovated the VIP plus media suites and paved the area where the broadcast TV trucks park. Mnisi was quoted: “I think after so many cries it’s important to thank the people, the mayor (Mzwandile Masina) and a very special lady Zanele Katembo, who has taken over as a HOD (at Department of Sports Arts and Culture). "She promised that this issue will be dealt with and she delivered."The paving is done, the trucks can park and more of our games will now get televised.”Mnisi also revealed that the next phase of the project is the extension of the perimeter wall, renovation of the main grandstand and also shelter it, and installation of seats. "Within a year or two, you will see a different Makhulong Stadium," Mnisi said. On Wednesday Swallows who are chasing promotion to the Absa Premiership will resume football with an away clash to TS Sporting at Tsakane Stadium 3pm.   