TAVERNS,
bars and restaurants will be permitted to sell alcohol to limited 50 people at
a time during weekends but they can only do so until 10pm when the curfew kicks
in with a limited. This was revealed by Cooperative and Traditional Affairs Minister Dr Nkosazana
Dlamini-Zuma as she provided more details on alert level 2 as announced by
President Cyril Ramaphosa on Saturday night. Dlamini-Zuma said however bottle stores will only be allowed to sell alcohol
from Monday to Thursday between 9am and 5pm. Night clubs will remain closed. “We know alcohol is sold a lot that’s is why we are opening it gradually
because it puts a burden in the health system and hospitals. To open alcohol
completely stands a risk of the surge coming back & overwhelming the health
services. “We must protect each other. When we have been drinking and going back home,
let’s not get behind the wheel. Don’t drink and drive. Drink responsibly ” said
Dlamini-Zuma, adding that there were no conditions on the sale of cigarettes
which can now be sold. She said it was important to retain the curfew as it was a temporary measure. Under alert level 2, weddings and social events will be allowed in homes but
will be limited to only 50 people and health safety protocols such as wearing
masks, sanitizing, washing hands and physical distancing. Family visits are also now allowed and each visit is limited to 19 people at a
time. all accommodation establishments and tour operators, subject to a restriction
on the number of persons allowed in such establishments to not more than 50% of
the available floor space. “Social events at places of residence are now permitted. This includes visits
to friends and family so long as there are no more than 10 visitors at a time,”
she added events such as rituals can also be performed as long as it’s kept to
50 people and health protocols observed. The minister said gyms, fitness
centers and parks will be opened.  Night
vigils remain banned and funerals are still limited at 50 people while people
are now allowed to go to the beaches and partake on all water activities. "We
must remain vigilant and not get tired of wearing masks, sanitizing and social
distancing. 

 "We
would not like to return to a higher level of restriction so we must all act
responsibly. Even though we have have eased restrictions, the risk is also
increasing for it is people who move the virus. We must with vigilant defeat
the virus together," she said. 