THE odds are evenly matched... Mamelodi Sundowns will be without their trusted defender, Ricardo Nascimento, while Kaizer Chiefs are without top striker, Samir Nurkovic – both suspended.  But what is not even are the points between the two warring sides that will on Thursday night (6pm) share Orlando Stadium in their Absa Premiership lollapalooza. Chiefs are watching behind their back as Sundowns are breathing heavily on their neck in their quest to close down the three point gap before their weekend fixtures. Both teams will be playing their 27th league match of the season, with Amakhosi leading the pack with 53 points and Sundowns racing fast on 50 to catch up. It was actually Chiefs’ fault to find themselves where they are at this stage of the 2019-20 season, having led the log for the better part since last year. But even Sundowns are also here because they didn’t come to the party to be counted when it mattered the most, as they huffed and puffed when Chiefs were there in the offering. This week, Downs coach Pitso Mosimane was at it again trying to pull a psychological test on Ernst Middendorp, the stubborn Chiefs mentor. But the German threw an ice bucket at the former’s attempt. Be what it may, Mosimane can rely on Gaston Sirino, who has been his assassin when they’re under attack. Downs have more than the first-round 2-0 defeat to avenge, as they are the defending champions. The likes of Themba Zwane and Hlompho Kekana are desperate for maximum points to go toe-to-toe with their bitter rivals. But many feel whoever wins tonight will not only gain vital points, they will also draw tons of confidence and a psychological edge to see the race through. For now talk is cheap, only the gods at Orlando Stadium could foretell what will transpire at Esigodini Sikamaminzela, aka slaughter house. It's crunch time today Masandawana! This is how we have faired on our last 3 outings against Amakosi??1?? Win1?? Loss1?? DrawWhat are your score predictions for today???#Sundowns #AbsaPrem pic.twitter.com/v0ohnsIcaT  Match Day!??#AbsaPrem??Kaizer Chiefs vs. Mamelodi Sundowns??First Team??Thursday 27 August 2020??Orlando Stadium ??18h00??SS 4 ??NO FANS ALLOWED INSIDE OR OUTSIDE THE STADIUM!!!!#Amakhosi4Life #KaizerChiefs50 pic.twitter.com/SARVgOqav6  