THERE can be no bigger stage for Gift Motupa and Deon Hotto to audition for Mamelodi Sundowns contracts than the Nedbank Cup. It is an open secret that the two are hankering for moves to the Tshwane giants, both facing uncertain futures at the soon-to-be-defunct Bidvest Wits. The Students face-off with Sundowns in the Nedbank semi-final at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (7.15pm), as the football public keenly anticipates the return of the PSL. For Downs’ Sibusiso “Vila” Vilakazi, it will be the last time he faces Wits, the club that opened his door to professional football. In midfield, he will line up alongside Themba Zwane, the mercurial attacker, who celebrated his 31st birthday on Monday. The two combined to devastating effect before the Covid-19-enforced suspension kicked in mid-March. An exciting midfield battle is anticipated as both teams have relied on mainly on the midfielders for goals. Even Gavin Hunt, the Wits coach, has publicly slammed his strikers for their poor strike rate, though he has taken heart from improved performances in midfield. Hotto has netted eight goals in all competitions, while Motupa has banged in 12. On the other hand, Zwane has also found the net 12 times while Vila is on 10 goals. Downs coach Pitso Mosimane has waxed lyrical about his midfielders’ goal-scoring prowess, explaining “We are playing strikers who are not strikers”. Yet the battle will not be limited to the midfield, not with both teams boasting several internationals in their ranks. There is also Kgaogelo Sekgota and Terrence Dzukamanja, the forwards who have regularly led the frontline. “We have a squad full of national team players, so we remain competitive and professional up until the end of the season,” said Sekgota. Behind Zwane and Vilakazi will be skipper Hlompho Kekana and Andile Jali, the rejuvenated midfield lynchpin, who has entrenched himself in the star-studded Brazilians line-up. Kekana, though, has lamented the absence of fans to rally behind the team, as dictated by the Covid-19 lockdown regulations. “It’s going to be difficult, and we won’t cope playing without the fans,” Kekana said.