Being raised by a mother who knows their way around the kitchen certainly has its perks. Despite the delicious and scrumptious meals she prepares, I get to an inside scope of what goes on in her kitchen. This very particular individual has some of the most weird cutlery items I've ever seen. One of the most powerful utensils I recently learnt about from her was the pressure-cooker. This very expensive cookery once caught my attention, so like the cat my curiosity took over. One of the most profound things I learnt about the pressure-cooker is that it cooks everything to perfection, at its own pace. So this pot, if I may call it that, cooks the most delicious meals at its own pace and time. Call it the foreplay of cooking. So many of us are often guilty of rushing towards penetrative sex. Our emotions tend to bubble under like a shaken acidic drink. If sex was cooking, most of would burn our food because we are quick to turn on the stove, and ready to cook our boiling arousal. The punani sadly suffers because as a pressure-cooker organ, it always loves to be simmered and cooked at its own delicious pace. So why foreplay for the punani? According to Dr Ruth Westheimer, EdD, a psychosexual therapist, professor at New York University, and lecturer at Yale and Princeton universities, foreplay is vital for a woman. "It's particularly important for women to have successful foreplay because it takes a woman a longer time [than a man] to get up to the level of arousal needed to orgasm. A man can just think about sex and have an erection, but for most women, wanting sex is not enough." Dr Ruth further explains that foreplay helps the clitoris get to its orgasm. "It has the same characteristics as the penis. Blood flows into the clitoris, and in order for a woman to have an orgasm, there must be lubrication in the vagina, but also the clitoris must get erect." Simply put, you cannot expect to withdraw cash from the ATM without entering the correct PIN. The correct PIN in this instance is foreplay. No pressure, just pressure-cook all the way.    