Percy Tau has landed at Zaventem, Brussels in Belgium on Monday to start his new loan move for R.S.C. Anderlecht, according to Belgian media. It took Anderlecht a lot of effort to get him to the Lotto Park but he ended up at  Brighton & Hove Albion where he was loaned to the Royale Union St Gilloise in the second tier, before moving to Club Brugge in the past season. He is still unable to play for Brighton due to work permit issues. Percy Tau gearriveerd in Brussel: Anderlecht huurt ex-Club Brugge-spits van Brighton & Hove Albion https://t.co/NX4Pm9ituK pic.twitter.com/xojiwHsEWP  The Purple & White signs the attacker from Brighton & Hove Albion, with no purchase option, having spent a season at Club Brugge. Upon arriving at the airport in Brussels, Tau is reported to have declined to comment and also tried to hide his face from camera. "For Tau to the Lotto Park, that is a very remarkable deal, as the South African played football with the rival from Bruges last season," reports Belgian media. "His start there was astonishing, but afterwards he slumped. In the end, Tau clocked in on three league goals at blue-black. The national champion therefore decided not to make any attempts to keep him. However, Tau did generate many 'fans' from his home country. The social media on Jan Breydel exploded every time there was a post about 'The Lion of Judah'. "Anderlecht see a big reinforcement in Tau. With his frivolous game they hope in Purple and White that he can conquer the supporters hearts. What also speaks in Tau's favour is the fact that he can handle the three positions in the front. Even as number nine he can be an added value, where there are still some question marks within Anderlecht.' The 26-year-old Bafana Bafana star joins Anderlecht from Club Brugge where he was on loan from Brighton & Hove Albion. Percy Tau has arrived in Brussels ahead of his loan move to Anderlecht from Brighton Deal is done and player can be unveiled anytime now pic.twitter.com/G8VMFJYwc5  Percy Tau has arrived in Belgium. He isexpected to conclude his loan to Anderlecht this week.?????????? pic.twitter.com/2Jw9XAFwvH  