AFTER a family waited for two months for DNA tests results, they finally received them. The family from Ndulini in Manden, northern KZN, had appealed to police to release the DNA test results so that they could bury their loved one and have closure. On Friday, the DNA results for businessman Thulani Buthelezi (48) arrived and were positive that the remains found inside a burnt car were his. The family said they are now busy with his funeral arrangements and Buthelezi will be buried on Sunday. Daily Sun published the story last Thursday. Family member Khetha Ngcobo (47) said they are relieved. “We have been lighting candles for two months now. It’s been a very hard period for the whole family, especially his wife,” he said. He said Buthelezi’s body was brought to Mandeni. He said Buthelezi left his home in Joburg on 6 June to meet a man who was going to assist him prepare for an overseas business. “Buthelezi was the owner of Good Hard Security Company. He needed to go overseas on a business trip,” he said. He said but a day later his car was found burnt in Florida, Joburg, and had human remains inside. “We were convinced that the human remains found in the car were of Buthelezi because on the day he left, the car tracking company did notice that there was something strange happening in his car,” he said. He said they tried getting of him on his cellphone, but they couldn’t. “They also called a family member who tried to get hold of him, but also failed. The tracking company then searched for his car and found it burnt,” he said. He said they suspect he was killed and then burnt inside his car. “His wife and children had to go to Joburg in order for the DNA samples to be taken. They came back to Mandeni and waited for the results,” he said. He said even Buthelezi’ company was affected as his workers didn’t receive their salaries in those two months. Gauteng provincial spokesman Mavela Masondo confirmed that the DNA results came out positive. He said a murder case is being investigated. “No arrests have been made so far. Investigations are continuing,” said Masondo.