PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has warned citizens who will be overstepping the boundaries during the 21-day nationwide lockdown they will face the full might of the law. Ramaphosa sounded the warning as he deployed members and soldiers separately on Thursday just hours before they took to the streets to make sure there was limited movement of people during lockdown. Addressing a police parade in Pretoria, he said as law officers will be patrolling the streets there will be those with ill intent and would want to challenge the state.   “And for those, I have a clear message. This is not the time to play with fire. This is not the time to play with the lives of South Africans. We are deadly serious about saving lives. “Those who want to take chances those who want to do wrong things must, of course, meet the wrath of the South African state. We will not tolerate those who are going to take the people of South Africa for granted,” he warned. In the same breath, Ramaphosa called on the police and soldiers to be humble in the execution of their duties, reminding them “this is not the moment for skop and donner” but to serve and protect lives. Addressing soldiers at the Doornkop Army Base in Soweto, Ramaphosa said as they will be patrolling the streets, the country will be in a state of fear where people are concerned about their livelihood and loneliness as they are confined to their homes and will be looking upon them to assure them and restore trust and confidence. People will be looking upon them not as a force of might but as a force of kindness. “Our country has never been through a period like this. This is unprecedented not only in democracy but in its history of our country. That we will have a lockdown for 21 days. To go out and wage against an invisible enemy, the Coronavirus. “ “You are expected as the pride of our nation, soldiers of the Republic of South to defend our people against this virus. Your mission is to save lives. You are required to go out and save the lives of the 56 million people who leave within the borders of our country. A lot rest on your shoulders,” he endeared them. Ramaphosa said as soldiers they had taken an oath that they will defend the people and subscribe to the highest value. The oath was not only to defend against violent wars but also against danger like the virus which has plagued the whole world. He told them tonite was the beginning the most important mission of their calling as soldiers to give life to people of South Africa. “Your mission is to restore the life of South Africa You called out to go and support our police, walk amongst our people and defend them against the virus, work with them. You are required to do so in the most respectful way. People will be looking upon you as defenders of our nation and you will need to restore trust and confidence,” he said. Ramaphosa said when patrolling the streets with their guns they will instill fear into the people, but they must make sure they see kindness to an extent that they will give them roses. He called on them to execute their mission with respect and humility and ensure they don’t violate the rights of the people. He reminded them they not going into hostile territory. “Of course, there will be some who may want to will take chances, who may want to test the might of the RSA State. If you encounter those, nudge them in the right direction, yes nudge but of course if it’s continued resistance you indicate to them they are challenging the might of the state and leadership of the state, “ he said.