A workout series by a South African woman, for South African women using household items. As we enter the fourth day national lockdown, MTN is enabling South African women to exercise whilst in isolation in their homes. Available on MTN’s Youtube channel and on socialmedia @MTNza, GiGYMA is a digital home-based workout series that is easily accessible for many smartphone, tablet, laptop, or PC. While there has been a revival of healthy living amongst all South Africans over the past few years, the popularity of online fitness challenges and workouts has grown rapidly over the past two weeks. Now that South Africans can’t go to the gym, a walk or run may prove ever-more challenging as the 21-day lockdown progresses. “We understand how difficult it can be for women to find the time to live a healthy and active lifestyle under normal circumstances, now with the lockdown it may seem impossible. And,while GiGYMa was originally designed with women in mind, the exercises can work for all members of the family and are a great way to stay active during the lockdown.” says JacquiO’Sullivan, Executive for Corporate Affairs at MTN SA. “When developing the GiGYMa concept, we wanted to create a series that would truly resonate with the majority of South African women. Not only is the name a play on ‘gijima’, which means‘run’ in IsiZulu, we also selected a South African ambassador who is not a fitness instructor in her own right, but someone who is passionate about exercising and wants to share tips that are helping her continue to live healthily during this time”. MTN GiGYMa features Ncumisa Pongoma in a series of videos, showcasing how everyday household items can help you get into shape and keep up with your fitness goals whilst at home. Each of the MTN GiGYMa work-out videos is accessible through MTN’s Youtube channel and shared across MTN’s Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pages for the next 21 days.“Using our network for good, we hope that GiGYMa will motivate and get South African women moving whilst under lockdown. Not only is it a practical fitness solution costing only the data to stream, working-out will also go far in maintaining health and keep the immune system fighting,” add O’Sullivan. “We’re always exploring ways of harnessing the power of connectivity to develop solutions that