FORMER Orlando Pirates midfielder Issa Sarr is ready to return to the top flight following a two-year absence. The veteran player told SunSport that he is eager to achieve the goal of winning promotion with GladAfrica Championship side Uthongathi. The 33-year-old revealed that he still misses playing in front of big crowds having made 83 appearances for Bucs from 2014 until 2018 scoring six goals in the process. The Senegalese-born player insists that he won’t play another season in the lower division. Uthongathi are a point behind second placed Swallows FC and eight behind leaders Ajax Cape Town. Said Sarr: “When you play for a big team you always miss something. I miss the humour of The Ghost, I don’t miss the chairman, the coaches, but supporters. Sometimes you have a dark season in football and it also happens to the best players. “I believe that I will go back to the PSL, I don’t want to stay in the NFD (Championship). I only have one season here and I can join any team in the PSL (If Uthongathi fails to gain promotion).” However, Sarr believes Uthongathi have what it takes to make their fans proud. He added: “When I came to Uthongathi I checked first where they are on the log, they were fourth for a long time. I realised that I can contribute to help them go to the PSL. “We have a huge chance, but everything depends on our last six games. We can gain automatic promotion if we win all our matches and cross fingers that Ajax drop points. It’s not (automatic promotion) in our hands, but we need to keep winning and see what happens in the end.” Sarr says having veteran striker Siyabonga Nomvethe in the team has helped the youngsters to keep their feet firmly on the ground and increase their hunger to succeed. “Nomvethe is a lovely disciplined legend, and a good role model. Having him in the team has helped a lot because he gives advice to the boys and me too. We always look up to him, he is a point of reference to everyone who want to succeed in the game and a crucial part of the team on and off the pitch.” Sarr hopes Mzansi and Senegalese medical experts combat the Coronavirus that has destroyed the world. “South Africa like Senegal have medical experts who can help cure the disease. We should follow the president’s instructions and we will survive to continue with our lives.”