THE former Kaizer Chiefs, Jomo Sono and Bafana Bafana star Reneilwe Letsholonyane says that he can still play until he is 40 years old. So, retirement is the last thing on veteran midfielder Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane’s mind.  At the age of 37, the well-travelled midfielder says that he can still play until the age of 40 years. The Highlands Park senior player says he is enjoying himself at the Tembisa-based outfit. Coach Owen Da Gama roped in the former Jomo Cosmos and Kaizer Chiefs midfielder to guide youngsters in the team. He is not playing 90 minutes these days, but Letsholonyane still makes a telling contribution as he can play 30 to 40 minutes per game. He has signed a one-year deal with the Lions of the North. But Letsholonyane, who joined them from SuperSport United, is optimistic that he can prolong his stay with Da Gama’s charges at the end of the season. “My contract ends at the end of the season. The management and my agent will discuss my future going forward. But personally, I would like to stay. We will just have to wait and see what will happen,” said Letsholonyane. The Premier Soccer League has postponed all the matches due to the outbreak of Coronavirus until further notice. When things eventually get back to normal and football can be played again, the former Bafana Bafana star said that only then he can start to worry about his future. “It is not right to worry about where you will be next season now. We are going through a difficult time as a country and the virus is keeping us on our toes. We must pray, protect each other and support each other at a time like this. Once we have overcome this challenge, I can then dream about extending my contract,” said an optimistic Letsholonyane. Da Gama often praises the oldest player in his camp and believes that there is a lot that he can teach the youngsters about longevity in the beautiful game.  When asked when will he know that the time for him to hang up his boots has come? With a broad smile on his face, Letsholonyane said: “I don’t really like to put on age on it. Let’s just say that I will play until my legs can no longer carry me. I take a good care of myself and I feel good. I still enjoy going to training every day and love football. I’m enjoying everything and I’m still learning from everyone in the team.”  