IT IS sometimes necessary to take one step backwards in preparing to take two steps forward, is how the saying goes. And this is what some players who have taken a step down from the PSL to the GladAfrica Championship are hoping to achieve. While some might see it as a fall from grace, these players see it as an opportunity to start over and rebuild their ailing careers. Former PSL stars such as Eleazar Rodgers, Siyabonga Nomvethe, Virgil Vries, Issa Sarr and Lebohang Mokoena have all been happy to step away from the spotlight. This is in the hope that they can resurrect their ailing careers and maybe one day return to the top flight. For some, the idea of finishing their careers in an environment that does not have that much pressure seems to be appealing. SunSport takes a look at some of the former PSL players who have happily taken a step back to play for in the championship. ELEAZAR RODGERS  Rodgers joined Ajax Cape Town after he was released by Free State Stars, who were relegated from the Absa Premiership at the end of the 2018/19 season. The experienced striker, who has played for teams like Santos, Platinum Stars, Bidvest Wits and Mamelodi Sundowns, is looking to help the Urban Warriors return to the land of milk and honey. This season, the lanky striker has contributed seven goals to Ajax’s cause in 24 matches. The 35-year-old’s experience has been valuable in a young Urban Warriors team and he will be eager to return to the PSL with them next season, as they currently lead the championship with a handful of games remaining. SIYABONGA NOMVETHE  Nomvethe, unlike some former PSL stars now playing in the championship, is not trying to resurrect an ailing career. Instead, the 42-year-old former Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates forward just loves playing football and can’t seem to fathom the idea of life without the sport he loves. So, when a job he was promised by his former club AmaZulu did not materialise, he came out of retirement to play for KwaZulu-Natal outfit Uthongathi FC. “I want to play until I’m 45 and if I feel good then I will play until I’m 50,” Nomvethe said after joining the Cane Cutters. He has so far played just four games since he joined the club and is yet to score for them. The Cane Cutters, as Uthongathi are also known, now sit third in the championship standings with 40 points from 24 matches, eight behind leaders Ajax. Nomvethe, who is the PSL’s all-time top goalscorer with 123 goals, will be a handy weapon for the Cane Cutters as they look to gain promotion. VIRGIL VRIES  Vries joined Swallows FC for a nine-month deal following a disastrous spell with Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs. The 29-year-old Namibian stopper was released from his contract by the Glamour Boys after a number of woeful performances between the sticks. He joined Swallows as a player low in confidence, but has done well with the Birds this season. He has been one of their key players as they look to earn promotion to the PSL at the first attempt after their return to the professional ranks this season. They currently sit second in the championship standings, with 41 points from 24 matches, seven behind leaders Ajax. LEBOHANG MOKOENA  Mokoena, affectionately known as Cheeseboy, is another experienced player trying to resurrect his career in the championship. The Former Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns star is the captain of the Swallows FC team, performing well beyond expectation this season. Mokoena, Vries and former Sundowns and Bidvest Wits player Vuyo Mere have been imparting their knowledge to the youngsters out in Dobsonville. ISSA SARR  The former Pirates player is now plying his trade at Uthongathi. He is convinced he can help the KZN side win promotion, whether automatically or through the playoffs.