Mzansi and the rest of the world have been on a shut down since the spread of the deadly virus, Covid-19, also known as Coronavirus. One of the many industries that have been hit hard include the entertainment and tourism spaces as these rely on close contact and for many individuals to be gathered at certain spaces. The South African President Cyril Ramaphosa announced this week that he has banned gatherings of over 100 people and the government has further called for alcohol to not be served or sold after 6pm on weekdays and 1pm on weekends until further notice. This means that many party goers will not be able to enjoy seeing their favorite stars performing live or have beverages after 6pm. However, a collective of some of Mzansi’s award winnings and top acts have come together to not leave the people in the dark. A first of its kind Quarantine Online Party will be hosted to entertain people in Mzansi and beyond, right from the comfort of their homes. Shimza, Black Motion, Zinhle, Kabza De Small & Maphorisa, Darque and PH will be holding down the Quarantine Online Party. The party is taking place tomorrow, 21 March 2020 from 6pm to 12am. This party with a twist will see our DJs hold or down live on their Facebook pages and it will be streamed by Sjula D Productions. Speaking to Daily Sun, Shimza said: I think it should be a collective effort and not just one person so that people can see that we together making sure we play a role in keeping people indoors so we combat this problem. “The party will be closed only to us, one act at a time but we will be taking precautionary measures,” explained Shimza. Sjula Dlamini of Sjula D Productions said: “Shimza called me about it and I will be providing the streaming service. It’s providing solutions.” Unpacking the online party Sjula said that the artists will be in one venue, streamlining will be fed through to all the artists Facebook pages love from 6pm - 12pm. “It is a multiple automated camera streaming which minimizes people, so there will be no camera crew needed,” said Sjula. You can log onto the mentioned Facebook pages of one of the acts from 6pm tomorrow and catch the party live!