 PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa will announce further measures
to curb the spread of the Coronavirus this evening after meeting the National
Command Council that advices him on how to deal with the virus. Ramaphosa last night postponed the address as he was
still locked in a netting with the council with Minister in The Presidency
Jackson Mthembu saying the president needed to be advised properly by the
council before he speaks to the nation. This morning Mthembu took to Twitter to announce that the
president will speak to the nation on the Coronavirus this evening. “At that stage the President would have finalized
measures to be undertaken to mitigate impact of the virus to our people and the
economy,” Mthembu said, adding that details about the exact time will be sent
to the media during the day. Ramaphosa, writing in his weekly letter, gave no hint on
what further measures he might announce to deal with the spread of the virus as
the confirmed cases hit 274 last night as announced by the health department. He expressed how the countries globally were relentlessly
fighting the virus to contain it and protect lives and fortify economies
against inevitable disruption to manufacturing, productivity, growth and
employment. “It has been a week since we declared a National State of
Disaster as an urgent response to the outbreak and put in place necessary
containment measures. “These measures
relate to the prohibition of gatherings of more than 100 people, restrictions
on people entering the country, the closure of schools, the sale of alcohol and
emergency procurement procedures in support of the fight against COVID-19,” he
wrote Ramaphosa said the
manner in which all South Africans have taken charge of not just their own
personal health but the health of those around them has been exemplary and
heartening. “Everywhere we see signs of behavioural change as the
nation rallies behind infection control measures. From filling stations to taxi
ranks, from spazas to restaurants, South Africans fully understand the gravity
of the situation. “Hand-washing is being practiced and hand sanitiser is
available in stores and other retail spaces. People are observing the rules
restricting large public gatherings. Businesses and workplaces are complying
with the regulations in the best interests of their customers and employees,”
he said He recounted how last week all the political parties in
Parliament stood united on a public platform to declare their support for the
national effort to combat the pandemic. At the same time, they offered
practical and workable suggestions on how we can mitigate its impact on lives
and livelihoods. “In the same week, religious leaders representing a
multiplicity of faiths and denominations also affirmed their support, taking
bold and far-reaching decisions to contain the spread of the virus in churches,
temples, mosques and synagogues. They did so fully understanding that no matter
how sensitive and difficult these decisions are, the sanctity of life must be
preserved,” he said. Also the corporate have stepped up and lending their
support for the measures he has announced. He said this week, he will be
meeting with different arms of state, trade unions, traditional leaders, civil
society formations and had no doubt they too are already mobilized and united
behind the national effort. But it is what Ramaphosa will say this evening that the
nation is waiting anxiously to hear as speculation swirls that he might
announce a lock down and deploy soldiers on the street.  