 HEAVILY PREGNANT Sharlen Dube insisted on preparing her friends for her funeral. She gave clear instructions about where they must sit and what they must do. AND A DAY LATER, SHARLEN AND HER UNBORN BABY WERE DEAD! The 29-year-old, much loved and friendly woman from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni and her friends were talking last Friday after they had gone to pay their respects to the family of a friend who had died. “That’s when she told me I must wear a big, beautiful hat and sit next to her coffin during her funeral service,” said her devastated friend, Ouma Mackenzie (33). Another friend, Bongani Bishop (29), said: “She said I will have to be the MC.” Ouma said Sharlen chose another friend to read her obituary. “We told her to stop talking like that,” said Ouma. “We were devastated when she died the following day. It was as if she saw her death coming.” Sharlen’s mum, Elizabeth, told Daily Sun she was expecting stokvel members on the day her daughter died. “She made arrangements for me and the stokvel members. She bought food and drinks for the members. She told me she didn’t want me to struggle with anything as long as she was alive.” She said her friends told her about her daughter’s wish. “We will honour it,” she said. Sharlen and her unborn baby died after she and her friends had attended the funeral of one of their friend last Saturday. A car knocked Sharlen on the corner of Tsakane Road and Puseletso Street, and her body was flung onto the pavement. The driver didn’t even stop to check if Sharlen was still alive. He sped off, leaving an eight-month pregnant woman lying in a pool of blood where she had landed. Elizabeth said she was called by Sharlen’s friends to the scene. “I want the person responsible for my daughter’s death to be found and arrested,” said the mother. “He or she doesn’t have ubuntu. “How can you knock someone down and never care to check on them? I hope God punishes them,” she said. “My daughter was a sweet girl. She was very responsible. She didn’t want me to struggle with anything.” Sharlen will be buried tomorrow. Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said Sharlen was knocked down while crossing the road by an unrecognised vehicle which failed to stop at the scene. “The victim was immediately taken to hospital where she succumbed to her injuries. Tsakane police are calling on anyone who might assist with the investigations to provide information,” said Masondo. He said a case of culpable homicide was being investigated.