AMIDST confusion, good things are happening in the entry-level small SUV segment. Suzuki says connoisseurs will tell you the best way to experience quality coffee is to remove all but the very essence and concentrate the flavour in a short and flavourful espresso. That’s the inspiration behind the S-Presso, a new urban SUV that combines all the best Suzuki characteristics in a compact and affordable package. The S-Presso joins Suzuki’s range of urban SUVs with a choice of five model derivatives and two transmission options, proving that even the entry-level segment can be spoilt for choice when buying a Suzuki. André Venter, divisional manager for sales and marketing at Suzuki Auto South Africa, said they are very excited to introduce the new Suzuki S-Presso in Mzansi. “It combines many of our most advanced technologies, such as our HEARTECT platform, with our compact SUV expertise to offer a compact, but roomy and well-specified new urban SUV that is truly within everyone’s reach,” he said. The latest S-Presso will add to the brand’s ultra-compact cars such as the Jimny and the Ignis, giving drivers an even wider variety to choose from within Suzuki, a brand that is continuing to solidify its spot in Mzansi market. The S-Presso boasts a unique pure SUV design, high ground clearance and commands driving position.  From the front, the S-Presso is attractive with a bold four-slot grille and a big S-emblem and grille sandwiched by halogen headlamps, with a distinct differentiation between the integrated indicators and main headlamps. Under that lies the lower black bumper in a trapezoidal shape into the coloured main bumper to create a larger air intake and the visual impression. The wheels have been placed at the outer corners to ensure good road holding and to allow the engineers to fit a 2.38m wheelbase into this 3.56m long vehicle. All models feature colour-coded door handles and side mirrors, with the choice of six exterior colours: Sizzle Orange, Pearl Starry Blue, Fire Red, Metallic Granite Grey, Metallic Silky Silver and White. At the rear, a small integrated spoiler is added to the hatch door, while the square rear lights with their C-design have been moved above the shoulder line to strengthen the SUV design theme. A black rear bumper, with a design similar to the front bumper, is fitted below the coloured section and features the number plate recess and integrated parking sensors, which are standard across the entire S-Presso range. The S-Presso was designed with personalisation in mind as all models can be customised with personalised exterior options, such as colour coded front grille, rear spoiler and side cladding options. Buyers can even opt for complementary colour options to pair unique colour combinations and express their individuality. Interior accessories can also be added to either colour-match the exterior, or highlight interior elements with complementary colour options for the dashboard garnish, air conditioning louvers and door panel accessories. All safety features come standard across the range, including anti-lock braking system with emergency brake-force distribution, reverse parking sensors while GL+ and S-Edition models will further complement this system with an in-built reverse camera, electric windows, power steering and a multi-information display. On the GL+ model, Suzuki has bumped up the specification with its much-loved full colour infotainment system. The system is touch sensitive and includes full integration for most smartphones through the in-built Apple CarPlay and Android Auto systems. This full colour infotainment system also offers USB and auxiliary ports and Bluetooth connectivity as standard and will display the image from the in-built reverse camera on the screen. The K10B petrol engine boasts 50kW and 90Nm of torque, with an average fuel consumption of 4.9L/100km. There’s a manual or auto-manual transmission. The new Suzuki S-Presso shares its engine with the much-loved Suzuki Celerio. This three-cylinder engine is code-named K10B and offers 50kW at 5 500 r/min and 90Nm of torque at 3 500 r/min, thanks to its use of multi-point fuel injection and four valves per cylinder. All S-Presso models are fitted with 14’ steel wheels with trapezoidal-design wheel covers. The S-Presso comes with a two-year/30 000km service plan, and a five-year/200 000km warranty.