 Mi Casa band member J Something has recently opened up about how the coronavirus has affected them.Taking to Instagram, the talented vocalist revealed they have lost out on an opportunity to tour Europe in June and July this year to promote their upcoming album“If I can just let you know from our side we’ve lost absolutely everything! For this album we had a European tour planned for June and July and they all cancelled.”In addition to the international gigs being cancelled, the band's front man also said their local tours have also been canned and they have nothing lined up at the moment.“Local album tours planned for April and May all cancelled, and all other shows cancelled/postponed ... we have nothing,” he wrote.Furthermore, the musician said that to be releasing an album at this time is probably the most daunting thing they ever had to do.“More so, it’s the amount of money we have already invested into the project, hoping that the return would be the bookings!” he wrote.  SEE POST BELOW: Lastly I just wanna let you all know that even though you see us on TV and we are called “celebrities” and known to be famous, my band is nothing without YOU! I know how hard this moment is for us as nation and as a society ... if I can just let you know from our side we’ve lost absolutely everything! For this album we had a European tour planned for June and July and they all cancelled, Local album tours planned for April and May all cancelled, and all other shows cancelled/postponed ... we have nothing. BUT before this sounds super grim ... I wanna let you know that we have YOU! We have your love and passion, we have your support for the music and to be releasing an album at this time is probably the most daunting thing we’ve ever had to do! More so, it’s the amount of money we have already invested into the project and hoping that the return would be the bookings! With all that said, I want to encourage you all ... do not lose hope, look around and realize the blessings, the breath in your lungs, the roof over your heads, to food on the table and the relationships in place! Together we are going to get through this ... my band @micasamusic will be there ... through thick and thin and we hope more than anything that the music we release can really touch you, fill you with hope and comfort you in these times! The first single is called #ChurchBells and it’s out 2’moro ... hit the link in my bio to pre save it! Love, J A post shared by  #ChurchBells OUT NOW! (@jsomethingmusic) on Mar 26, 2020 at 9:18am PDT 