THIS virus is no joke, and sangomas are not laughing. They will not be taking any chances. AMADLOZI WANT US TO BE SAFE, SO WE’LL SANITISE AND use protection! That is why gobela majoko hlongwane said she and her thwasas practised good hygiene. She said she wore gloves to read the bones and her clients were forced to wear masks. “No one is allowed to enter indumba to consult without following government procedures to fight the coronavirus. We’re human and not superheroes, and we can get sick,” she said. The 69-year-old sangoma from RDP in Mamelodi East, Tshwane, has sanitisers for herself, thwasas and clients. She appealed to other sangomas to wear gloves, masks and have hand sanitisers. “We can’t take a risk. We heal only those who sanitise,” she said. She said amadlozi also wanted them to be safe. Gobela Majoko said they were not able to heal the virus and asked for help from the ancestors. She said they read the bones on the virus, which showed that it would not end now. “Many people in South Africa will die because of this virus,” she said. Thwasa Mapule Motsile (46) said she was happy to be protected while practising as their clients came from various places. “We’re practising with a smile because we’re protecting ourselves and clients,” she said. Cecelia Mabe (53) said she hoped all traditional healers protected themselves and their clients. “What they’re doing is a good thing. They care about people, not only about money,” she said. Some clients told Daily Sun they continued to consult with gobela Majoko as she understood and followed the law. Gogo Khanyisa Kheswa (58) from Gugulethu is also not taking any chances with the virus. She also wears gloves and a mask and keeps a hand sanitiser close by. “I’m not taking chances when it comes to the coronavirus. This dangerous virus doesn’t choose whether you’re a sangoma or not, so I decided to be safe rather than sorry,” said gogo Khanyisa. She said she used hand sanitiser whenever she had a client and wore gloves and a mask. She said some people might come infected with the coronavirus and she won’t be aware. “I have clients who come to me if they experience any health problems. I refer others to the clinic when I see that the problem needs medical help,” she said. “Chances are high that someone might get the coronavirus and seek help from me. “It will be a problem if I happen to get infected. The virus will spread like veld fire in the kasi because I help a lot of people daily.” Besides the Covid-19 outbreak, the gogo said, she always maintained a high level of hygiene when she helped her clients. One of her clients, Mlungisi Mzondi (45), told Daily Sun: “What gogo is doing gives us confidence because it protects us as clients. People like her are at high risk because they’re exposed to a lot of people from various parts of the country.” 