BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach Lehlohonolo Seema has been impressed by youngster Shadrack Kobedi who is out on loan at GladAfrica Championship outfit TS Sporting. Kobedi, a home grown youngster who worked his way up from the club’s academy, is tipped for a big future at Phunya Sele Sele. After captaining Celtic’s MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) team that won the reserve league last season, Kobedi was promoted to the senior team and handed a debut against Mamelodi Sundowns. He found opportunities few and far between and the club sent him to Sporting to get some game time under his belt and gain some experience. The 24-year-old has grabbed the opportunity with both hands, playing 10 times for the Abantu Bemthetho in all competitions since arriving. One of those matches was last weekend’s Nedbank Cup quarter-final against his parent club Celtic in which he excelled and caught the eye of his coach. Seema revealed that he was pleased with the progress Kobedi has made and would have a big part to play at the club next season. “Kobedi is a good young player,” said Seema. “This is something we have always known. He just needed to get some game time which we could not give him at the time. It was a good thing for him to go out on loan and show what he can do on a consistent basis. “We have been impressed by what he has done in Mpumalanga. He has played very well and has established himself in that team. He did very well when we played against them in the Nedbank Cup. “He is a player with a bright future. I expect him to come back hungry and ready to fight for a place in the team next season.” Celtic, who are still out of the top eight at the moment, are relishing the break due to the Coronavirus outbreak. Leagues all over the world are suspended due to the deadly virus. Seema believes his charges will come back highly refreshed and ready to push to finish in the top eight when the season resumes. “This is a difficult time for everyone with the Coronavirus outbreak,” added Seema. “All we are focused on at the moment is staying safe. We will worry about football when this situation improves. “We have set goals for ourselves, we want to finish in the top eight. We will continue to fight for that when everything gets back to normal.”