Sun International’s Sun City resort and South African National Parks will be closed to the public with immediate effect. The decision was made to support the nationwide lockdown for 21 days to combat the spread of the Covid-19. The lockdown was declared by President Cyril Ramaphosa on Monday. SANParks CEO, Fundisile Mketeni said they wanted to assure their staff and visitors that their health and wellbeing was of critical importance. He said they have already requested that all overnight guests vacate the parks today and ensure they have adequate time to return to their homes by the lockdown time of midnight on Thursday. He said day visitors will not be permitted to enter the parks from today. Mketeni said guests from high-risk countries currently resident in the parks who arrived in the country before March 9 were instructed not to leave the parks. “All such guests have been identified and staff on the ground will provide them with support and further information regarding their travel arrangements as well as facilitate contact with their embassies,” he said. According to Mketeni SANParks has reviewed its reservations policy to accommodate its valued guests and are happy to announce that all amendments and postponements will not be penalised or charged extra fees. “It is for this reason that we request guests whose trips have been cut short or those who cannot make their SANParks bookings due to the lockdown to rather consider postponement to a later stage instead of cancellations,” he said. Equally concerned about the lockdown was the North West’s most favoured tourism destination, Sun City resort. In a statement, Sun International said they respected the call from the government for a 21-day national lockdown. “Our casinos will be closed from 4pm today, and our hotel operations will close as and when our last guests check out which will be the latest 26 March 2020,” the hotel said. Sun International said all bookings that have had to be canceled will be refunded, or guests can reschedule their bookings to a later date.