Mpumalanga "missing" tycoon Sam Chabalala has forfeited his R200 000 bail amount following his no show in court on Thursday (26 March). A warrant of arrest was issued by the Witbank Magistrates Court on (06 March). The 24-year-old was expected to appear in court for his corruption, fraud, possession of illegal firearm and ammunitions charges. Mpumalanga NPA spokeswoman, Monica Nyuswa, said: "The police are looking for him as soon as he is arrested the matter will be proceeded with." Chabalala who was out on a R200 000 bail was arrested last year September by the Hawks after he tried to bribe home affairs officials. During his bail judgement, Magistrate Mdumiseni Mavuso told the court that Chabalala's accusations of being a flight risk were not proven. He said he would grant him bail because of the strong family ties that he had in the country. "There's no evidence he has family outside the borders of the republic and its unknown if he has business and family ties outside South Africa," he said. Early this month unknown men reportedly fired gunshots at Chabalala's yard in Bethal. It is reported that the men almost hit his security guard. A case of attempted was also registered with the Bethal police. According to a source, the guard was about to move something from the garage when the shooting started. “He had to hide as gunshots continued to be fired at the car that was inside the yard. The gunmen later fled.” Chabalala was recently re-arrested for another charge of corruption which he was granted a bail of R500 000 by the Middleburg Magistrates Court last month and again failed to appear before court. He was whisked out of the court's premises by a convoy and he was escorted by traffic officials. The multi-millionare who made headlines last year when he flashed a convoy of his expensive cars went missing early this month. He allegedly wrote a suicide note to his wife, claiming he was going to kill himself by throwing himself in the crocodile river at Hluhluwe near Pongola. Hawks spokesman, Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi said the Hawks are still looking for Chabalala. "Anyone with information which can lead to the arrest of Chabalala is urged to contact the investigation officers," he said.