DJ Maphorisa has answered the call to make the Nokuthula Remix. Nokuthula is a trend that hit social media after an episode of SABC 1's Cutting Edge,showing the funeral held for Nokuthula Mjekula , who left home years ago because they thought she had died. Soon after the episode, the Nokuthula challenge was made into a remix of DJ Maphorisa's popular song, Phoyisa. The  DJ announcedhe is going to release a remix of the trending song, featuring Busiswa, Kabza De Small and Cassper Nyovest. He said he'd give Nokuthula's family money, depending on the number of retweets he gets. He said one retweet will be equal to R1. Read: HEARTBREAK OVER NOMZAMO'S EXIT! Some tweeps thought the song was great and that Maphorisa had started a great initiative. Ok lets do this. The number of retweets i get from this tweet will amount to the money i give to nokuthula’s family..so 1 retweet = R1Lets gooo ??????‍????#Nokuthula @busiswaah @casspernyovest @KabzaDeSmall_ pic.twitter.com/TMzwbecSfQ   Come on guys retweet. Do not be JealousYou were busy laughing and making fun of Nokuthula and now that it's time to help you guys are nowhere to be found. Phori give that Family 5OK Please. They went through alot. Please help them my Guy. These fans are only good at making fun  This is hot  Phori is raising funds for Gogo, so jus retweet for gogo to get enough moola. Not all will take this initiative to donate.  Maphorisa I'm writing tomorrow ???? this is a hit ???????? pic.twitter.com/qxTOBcOZyw  It's for magogo all the emotional, pains, struggle hope the retweets hit a reasonable amount above 100000 at least that will go far for the family, hope even some cut on the song nyana  Some though, thought it was insensitive of him to make a song about the misery of Nokuthula's family.  Phori yini manje le? pic.twitter.com/Lw7ybfIM6L  Uhlekisa ngentlungu yomzali. No ways hayi uyafosta ngoku. Maybe rethink this one. ??  This song is wack, is this the beginning of the end? This is so unlike you Phori pic.twitter.com/GIbtaWkq1B  Just give them money, and stop with the useless retweets. If you really care about them, you will help without seeking attention  But that woman was hurting ???? guys this is not on ??  A woman was mourning her missing daughter and Phori slapped an amapiano beat on her distress.  All the people involved in this and not a single person said "hayi guys this is wrong". Nothing about this feels good.          