LUCKY Montana flouted tender processes to give tenders to his preferred companies. This was revealed by Prasa legal head Martha Ngoye to the Zondo Commission yesterday. She said Montana signed a R2 billion tender despite his delegation authority limiting him to R100 million. READ: 'PITCH BLACK AFRO KNEW WHAT HE WAS DOING' She said the former Prasa CEO deliberately ignored processes. Ngoye’s testimony was in relation to electronic security systems that the SOE piloted at its stations for the 2010 Soccer World Cup. She said Prasa started with two stations to test the system. She said Montana pushed out the company that had initially won the tender in favour of Siyabangena Technologies. She said Siyabangena was a sub-contractor to the bid winner. Ngoye said when Prasa decided to roll out the system to other stations across the country, the contract was given to Siyabangena without the tender going for bid process. “We couldn’t find anything that showed the board even granted permission for these contracts. Siyabangena was ‘given’ the contract and proceeded with the stations,” Ngoye said. She said the extension of tenders were irregular, and there was no legal basis because Siyabangena was not even party to contracts that were entered into. “The contracts were also not budgeted for. “There was an open tender process. There was not even a request to deviate from the tender process,” she said. Siyabangena, which specialises in electronic security systems, got the contracts in 2011 and 2014 to roll out Integrated Station Access Management System at 81 train stations across Mzansi. Prasa wants the contracts to be set aside. The deal later ballooned to a combined value of roughly R6 billion. Siyabangena would install a video surveillance system, automated access gates and fire detection devices at the stations. Ngoye said there was no need to extend the contract because it was clear before the world cup that they would not meet the deadline. READ: WATCH: IDRIS ELBA TESTS POSITIVE FOR CORONAVIRUS However, she said, extensions continued long after the event. Ngoye said another bizarre thing was that Protea Coin had responded and quoted R1,3 billion which was more cheaper, but Montana pushed for the contract to go to Siyabangena. She claimed the specifications were tailor-made for Siyabangena. “We were not doing things in accordance with laws. You don’t just extend the scope of the contract without following processes. It doesn’t work like that. You would have to take it out to tender again. This was not done,” said Ngoye. She told the commission that between 2011 and 2015 prior to the Siyabangena contract, Montana bought four houses. Ngoye said when Montana bought these properties, he was helped by the same attorneys that represented Siyabangena when they won the electronic security systems contract.