ON tribal trust land in rural Limpopo, a group of women
produce over 27 000 boxes of table grapes for the European market. The Peace Table Grapes co-operative in Moganyaka Village
in the Ephraim Mogale District was the winner in the export category in the
national Female Farmers of the Year Awards last year. Limpopo is an agricultural powerhouse that keeps boasting
winners in the Female Farmers of the Year Awards. Provincial government has put together a team of experts
to drive revitalisation of the agriculture and agroprocessing value chain to
ensure more success stories. During his recent Sopa in Polokwane, Premier Stan
Mathabatha said the plan was marked for finalisation in June and would focus on
research and development, land availability and access, finance and partnership
models, production, markets and logistics, capacity building and training. Agriculture,
mining and tourism are the main drivers of the province’s economy. Mathabatha
also announced that the province had trained over 960 farmers. “In partnership with Agriseta and through our
agricultural colleges, we provided focused skills development programmes to
another 306 farmers.”. Mathabatha said they were working to unlock the potential
of agriculture to ensure maximum contribution to food security, economic growth
and job creation. He said good progress had been made in revitalising
primary agriculture and supporting agroprocessing.  The irrigation scheme revitalisation
programme, was well on track. “In Ephraim Mogale Local Municipality alone,  345 hectares of cotton have been planted.
This will benefit 74 small-scale farmers in Zamekomste, Dichoeung, Tsimanyane
and Readirabaswa. “The projected harvest for this cotton is 522 tons, with
an estimated 300 seasonal jobs being available during the harvesting period.” Mathabatha said clearing of over 100 hectares was in
progress for the Mogalatjane Irrigation Scheme. He said the designs for 41
hectares at Tswelopele Irrigation Scheme in Fetakgomo Tubatse Local
Municipality had been approved. “We are concluding engagements regarding the Kolokotela
and Setlaboswana irrigation schemes.” He said government committed to supporting black farmers
to increase entry numbers into the mainstream food value chain. The construction of Matsika Pack House was underway, and
the upgrading of a tomato paste processing facility for Norjax Canning was
nearing completion. “We have also commenced with establishment of farmer
production support units.” Mathabatha said during this financial year,
government would also complete the construction of the Masala Farmer Production
Support Unit in Mopani and that of Vleisboom in Sekhukhune.