MZANSI’S Olympic superstar Caster “Cobra” Semenya is going to the multi-coded Olympic Games come hell or high water, she says. Since her exclusion from the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) World Championships in Doha, Qatar in October last year, the two-time 800m Olympic gold medallist has gone underground. But for the first time in months, Semenya, who has been banned from running in the 800m, 400m and 1500m events by the IAAF because of their new regulations that prevents female athletes with a high testosterone level from running, has hit back at the athletics world body. “I’m a living testimony of God,” she said. “I’m not going to fight anyone to prove that I’m a woman. “I don’t have to explain to anyone for them to understand that I’m a woman. I’m a woman and if, you call me a man it’s your own problem.” Semenya has been in athletics for over 10 years, but she is now sick and tired of being asked to prove if she is a woman time and time again. A furious Semenya said her battle with the IAAF is a violation against her human rights. The Limpopo great also opened up about her ordeal and her ambitions to run at this year’s Olympics. But if Semenya wants to run in the events lower than 3000m at the Olympic Games taking place in Tokyo, Japan from 24 July to 9 August, she will be forced to lower her hormones. But she made it clear that she will not do that even if she loses her court battle against the IAAF at the Swiss Tribunal Court later this year. But she won’t give the IAAF the satisfaction of missing the Olympics. Semenya was unveiled as tyre manufacturer Bridgestone’s Olympic ambassador alongside rower Lawrence Brittain and SA marathon hero of yesteryear Josia Thugwane in Joburg yesterday. “The best athlete in the world is missing and I’m going to fight for what is mine.” Semenya was responding to the question on how it felt to miss the World Champs. “I’m going to the Olympics, but I won’t reveal which event I will be doing in Tokyo. “And for the record I’m not even focused on the Swiss court because I have moved on with my life. My career does not depend on a courtroom.” But she will be forced to run other events to qualify for the distances that are above 1500m, which she says she is prepared to do should she lose the court battle with IAAF. For now, she just wants everybody to keep on guessing on which event she will run in Tokyo. Her lips remain tight-lipped on whether she will take part at the SA Senior Track and Field next month and in which event.