IF BLACK Leopards get relegated from the Absa Premiership it will be a huge blow for the Venda football fans. This is the view of former Lidoda Duvha coach Joel Masutha when he looks at Leopards situation this season. Masutha guided Leopards back to the Premiership two seasons ago after the Venda based side spent five years in the National First Division now renamed the GladAfrica Championship. “I don’t want to think about Leopards being relegated,” said Masutha who was sacked by Leopards last season. “It will be a huge blow for the people of Venda. You can see when Leopards are playing that people here (Venda) love football as the stadium is always full. It means if they (Leopards) get relegated people will travel to Polokwane to watch games. I want this team to stay in the top flight for the sake of the people.” He added: “My other worry is that if Leopards go down people who make living buy selling their goods at the stadium will also suffer. People are supporting their families by selling food during matches.” Leopards are currently at the bottom of the table and face automatic relegation if their form does not improve in their remaining six matches when the league resumes. Masutha also revealed that he does not hold any grudges against Leopards and their owner David Thidiela. “I am what I am because of Leopards,” explained the former Leopards goalkeeper. “Leopards are like my other family. I am still a big fan of Leopards and I love this team with all my heart.” Asked if he could return to Leopards if be called again, he said: “I don’t want to talk about that.” Masutha is clubless after he parted ways with Championship side Real Kings last month. Masutha is also appealing to Leopards fans to support coach Alan Clark. “Leopards have good players and I am optimistic that they will survive as long we support Clark and the team,” he added. “If you look at the way they are playing is not like they are bad. They are playing good football but some times luck is not on their side.”