MAMELODI Sundowns and Cape Town City MultiChoice Diski Challenge teams will learn the hard way. Sundowns could potentially find themselves in hot water after their home venue Lucas Moripe Stadium was not in proper condition for their fixture against Stellenbosch FC on 1 March. The match was called off as the pitch lines were not visible. According to the PSL League handbook 14.22. “In the event of a replay for a reason other than inclement weather the League has the right to institute disciplinary action against any Member Club for the abandonment. In addition to any other sanction it may impose, the Disciplinary Committee may order any Member Club to pay all costs of all affected parties occasioned by the non-compliance with this Rule.” PSL prosecutor Nande Becker confirmed to SunSport yesterday that they will sit today for the Sundowns hearing. Becker said: “That case is in the hands of the disciplinary committee, it will be heard tomorrow (today). I cannot say what sanction will be handed to Sundowns. “We are going to look at the rules and they will be punished based on them.” Downs are currently third in the Diski Challenge table with 58 points after 25 matches. They are three points behind Bidvest Wits who are at the top of the table and two adrift of second-placed Orlando Pirates. Whatever decision taken could play a huge role in deciding where the Diski title will go. It could dash Sundowns chances of winning their second MDC title. Sundowns official Yogesh Singh said they will only know the outcome after the hearing. Sundowns have two games in hand as they did not play again this past weekend. They were supposed to face Cape Town City FC at Sisa Dukashe Stadium on Sunday. However, that match was not played as City were reported to have missed their flight from Cape Town and could not make it to East London. Becker said Cape Town City matter is still under investigation. According to rule 15.2: “Where a match is not played because of the late or non-arrival of a Member Club team, or of both teams, the offending Member Club or Member Clubs will be charged with misconduct. In this regard impossibility of performance as a result of a vehicle breakdown, logistical problem, or that the Member Club team was unable to locate the match venue, will not be a defence to this charge.” It continues as 15.3. and states: “Where a Member Club is found guilty in terms of Rule 15.2 its opponent in that match will receive a “walk-over” (a 3-0 win), unless the Disciplinary Committee considers that a different sanction may be more appropriate.”