HIGHLANDS Park will rely heavily on the experience that saw them reach the MTN8 final last year to overcome Tshwane giants Mamelodi Sundowns in the quarter-finals of the Nedbank Cup. The teams will battle it out at Tembisa’s Makhulong Stadium on Saturday (6pm). This will be an interesting clash considering the teams will meet again in an Absa Premiership match at the same venue next weekend. Veteran Highlands midfielder Reneilwe Letsholonyane fancies his team’s chances of going further having booted out his former club Kaizer Chiefs in the Last 16 round. “Having reached the final last year is a motivation. A team nobody thought will play in the MTN8 final managed to do it last year, now it’s another opportunity with the Nedbank Cup and it can happen again. I wouldn’t say playing Sundowns back to back is an advantage, but we must beat them to be in the next round However, the 37-year-old is aware that they will need to fix mistakes that saw them suffer a 2-0 league defeat to SuperSport United in their backyard at the weekend to ensure they go further in the Ke Yona Cup. “It’s a big one, we obviously want to go to the semi-final. We believe that we can do it. We have been working on it after a not so good result in the league at the weekend. We are working on fixing a few mistakes, hopefully we will be ready for Saturday’s game.” Letsholonyane stressed that having experienced players like himself, Musa Nyatama and Bevan Fransman is valuable for the team. “Anywhere in any field experience is important. But if you share it and no one takes it then it will be worthless. If myself, Musa, Bevan and other senior players who have played cup finals share the information and others use it then it can be vital for the team to go to another final. There are a lot of youngsters that are willing to learn hoping to become better players.” Meanwhile, Fransman said they will frustrate Downs to ensure they achieve their goal. “Sundowns are not an easy team to play against, first Nedbank quarter-final for the club. I think we have the right mentality to go through regardless of opponent. If you want to be a champion you have to beat the best. They come from a loss against a good side Al Ahly in the Caf Champions League, The amount of quality they have they should bounce back, but hopefully not against us. We hope to frustrate them in Makhulong.”