MASIBUSANE Zongo must thank his lucky stars! South Africa's 21-day nationwide lock-down might have saved the job of the 29-year-old Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila midfielder. But for how long will the controversial player from the Eastern Cape survive the axe? It is unclear when his new disciplinary charges will be implemented after they were moved from this Friday due the Coronavirus outbreak that has ravaged the country, leading to a complete shutdown. He was due to appear before the club's DC on Friday but TTM confirmed yesterday that his day before the prosecutors has been moved to another date past 16 April - set deadline for the lock-down. Zongo faces charges of being absent from duty when the club required him, as well as the "inappropriate misuse of the club's finances" after missing flights that were exclusively booked for him on 29 February after they beat Cape Umoya 2-0 in their GladAfrica Championship match. Club spokesman Tshidino Ndou confirmed that the DC date has been rescheduled, but was not sure to when. "All the players were expected back in camp this past Tuesday, but on Monday they were told to stay home after President Cyril Ramaphosa's speech declaring a nationwide lockdown," Ndou explains. "This is an urgent matter that needed to be resolved by the club, and it would be reckless of me and unfair to the player if we were to preempt the outcome. "There are people who sit in such committees and a decision will be made, of which I am not part of it. I received calls from someone in Joburg who wanted to know whether can he come to Limpopo, but it is not possible now." Our source has informed SunSport that the club is gatvol with Zongo's behaviour after his career was given a lifeline. The talented, yet controversial player, was given time off to see his child after the Cape Umoya match but failed to return to Venda on time. When the club tried to contact the former SuperSport United midfielder, he was nowhere to be found, which angered club president Masala Malaudzi. “... the club management have suspended him (Zongo) but it was just temporary as they were waiting for him to return to training. The club want to follow the right procedures to terminate his contract,” our source said. Zongo joined Tshakhuma during the January transfer window period on a short term contract which finishes at the end of the season. He played for Absa Premiership teams such as Matsatsantsa a Pitori, Platinum Stars, Bidvest Wits and Chippa United.