Government is in the process of identifying facilities
that will accommodate South Africans who will be repatriated from China, says
Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize. Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize confirmed that government
is currently sourcing suitable accommodation facilities all over the country. “The process is now almost concluded. This includes
hotels, game reserves and resorts in remote areas,” said Mkhize. He said government has in the past three weeks, been in
consultations with stakeholders in the hospitality industry and all spheres of
government. The consultations he said, were held with the view to
identify suitable accommodation facilities for South African citizens who will
be repatriated from Wuhan City, in China. Located in Hubei Province, the city
is the epicentre of the Coronavirus in China. About 151 South Africans --who are currently living under
lockdown conditions following the outbreak of the Coronavirus-- will be
repatriated. “We wish to reiterate that none of the affected
individuals have been diagnosed with the virus nor have they exhibited any
symptoms thereof,” said the Minister. Last month, President Cyril Ramaphosa ordered the repatriation
of South African citizens from Wuhan. Cabinet decided on this course of action
after due consideration of the circumstances, and following several requests
from the families of South Africans in the city. Earlier this week,
the National Joint Operational and Intelligence Structure (NatJOINTS) announced
that an aircraft with the capacity to bring back citizens from China, has been
secured. “As an added precautionary measure, it was decided that
upon arrival in South Africa, these citizens will be placed in quarantine,”
said the Minister. In addition the viewing of various facilities has been
underway. “Once a decision is made to select specific facilities
has been made, further consultations with stakeholders including leaders of
society and communities at large will be undertaken,” said the Minister. The Department of Health assured the public that the
quarantine facility will have very strict military security parameters. These
are some of the measures that will be put in place to ensure that communities
that live nearby such a facility are not in any way exposed and there is no
contact with people who will be under quarantined. Meanwhile the department has requested all facilities it
has engaged with over the last three weeks to desist from engaging with the
media as this may prejudice government’s planning and compromise security
measures meant for local communities  as
well as citizens who will occupy the accommodation. “The welfare of all of our people both in the country and
those that are in Wuhan is of priority to us. We will continue to work towards
strategies that are aimed at protecting our own, during this outbreak.” Mkhize expressed appreciation to the members of the media
who have fulfilled their duties while exercising restraint, to allow for
government to fulfil its duty to its citizens. The Minister further urged media to be sensitive in their
reporting adding that information that may be prematurely disclosed by the
media without being released or confirmed by government may be disruptive. The
release of such information he said, could be disruptive to operations,
planning processes and implementation strategies that government is working on. “We have committed to being transparent, keep the media
and the public fully informed on all relevant information. We will not renege
on this commitment,” he said. Government remains committed to minimising the spread of
the virus. The Minister’s comments come following his earlier
confirmation of South Africa’s second case of the Coronavirus (COVID-19). A Gauteng woman tested positive for the virus. The 39-year-old is a direct contact of the unnamed
38-year-old KwaZulu-Natal man who tested positive for Coronavirus earlier this
week. The two were part of a group of 10 people who had
travelled to Italy. The group arrived back in South Africa on 1 March 2020. The woman, said the Minister on Saturday, would be
treated at a public health facility in Gauteng that government has identified
as one of the hospitals that are ready to receive COVID-19 positive patients.