CORRUPTION has reached new levels in Mzansi. It emerged on Tuesday that everything from fake IDs to matric certificates were being sold at a flat in Hillbrow, Joburg. READ: YOUNG GIRLS BLINDED BY CASH! Joburg Metro cops pounced and bust five suspects who were allegedly selling IDs for R2 000, asylum papers for R1 000, driver’s licences for R3 500, matric certificates for R1 000 and firearm competency certificates for R20.  A customer of the alleged fraudsters told Daily Sun: “When applying for a job, I provided my South African ID, matric certificate and drivers’ licence. “I got all the documents from these guys for about R8 000. “I was hired and able to provide for my family.” He said many foreigners used their services to live a normal life in Mzansi. “We knew it was wrong but we didn’t have a choice. Our families were starving back home,” he said. The source said he had since thrown away all the fake documents and was in the process of getting real papers. Another source, a South African citizen, said he bought a firearm competency certificate from the suspects when he needed a security job. “But it backfired. I was caught and now I have decided to go get it the right way,” he said. Sources in Hillbrow said they didn’t know who tipped the cops off, but they did the right thing. READ: PRINCIPAL BUST FOR FRAUD! “This was getting out of hand. The country is facing serious problems and most of them are financial. We also realise this affects the country badly,” said the first source. Joburg Metro police spokesman Xolani Fihla confirmed the arrest of the suspects. “Our members got a tip-off about the suspects and their fraudulent activities. “One suspect was arrested while certifying fake documents. Further information led our team to a Hillbrow flat, where the other men were arrested” he said. “Our members confiscated all the fraudulent documents including matric certificates, IDs and driver’s licences. The suspects and the exhibits were handed over to the Hillbrow police.” Fihla said the suspects will appear in court soon.