SUPERSPORT UNITED players reported back to camp on Thursday after being given several days off. Coach Kaitano Tembo said the club is prioritising players’ safety as a result of the Coronavirus outbreak. The Zimbabwean mentor has urged fans not to rush for action to be back on the field of play as the safety of players comes first. Pleaded Tembo: “It’s a learning curve for all of us. But fans and the public at large should be patient. Football is not a matter of life and death. “The health of the players and that of the fans should come first.” The 49-year-old mentor said the three-time league champions have roped in experts to teach the players about the issue of hygiene and also allay their fears. “We’re back now, but had given the players a couple of days off to reflect and be with loved ones. “The plan is to try and practice hygiene in all our facilities. “We gave the players enough time to self-isolate and it’s time to return to training so we can keep fit,” he said. Tembo, who has been with the club for the past two decades, said this is not the time to talk about where they will finish on the log. He said for once people should learn to put football at the back of their minds and pray for this pandemic to come to an end so that life can return to normal. “There’s much panic in the country at the moment, and suspending the games was the right decision, in my opinion. “Football is the last thing on my mind. The main focus is hygiene and the safety of every citizen in the country. “We shouldn’t worry about who will finish where on the log table. Instead, focus should be on what we’re currently experiencing as a nation.” Matsatsantsa a Pitori were supposed to host Bloemfontein Celtic in the Absa Premiership at the Lucas Moripe Stadium this past weeken, but the PSL and Safa decided to can all football activities in the country until 4 April. The Tshwane giants are third on the log table – with 24 points from 40 points. They are left with only six games before the end of the 2019/2020 season.