English star Ashley Young, who currently plies his trade in Italy, the epicenter of the Coronavirus, has given advice to the rest of the world on how to operate during a national lockdown. In their attempts to stop the rapid spread of the virus which was threatening to bring the country to its knees, the Italian government  imposed a national quarantine, restricting the movement of the population except for necessity, work, and health circumstances. And South Africa are set to follow suit with the President Cyril Ramaphosa announcing that a national lockdown for 21 days will be imposed from Thursday midnight. Young took to his social media platform to educate and advise people around the world about what to expect during lockdown. “Hi everyone, just wanted to share my thoughts given I'm currently living in Italy, the epicentre of the virus,” said Young. “Realistically a supermarket is now your main risk at spreading this virus and even catching it. Speaking with family and friends at home it sounds like going to get food is just crazy. Remember, lockdown means lockdown! “In Italy going to the supermarket is surprisingly calm... no fights over food, no stripped shelves and most certainly no abusing staff members for limiting food or any reason at all! And in almost every case it’s usually just one person shopping for a household! “Queuing to go into supermarket is standard, but not because it’s for stockpiling or greed. Supermarkets have limited the number of people entering at any time so it’s never over-crowded! So wait and be patient to go in if your supermarket is doing this. “If you have to get in the lift only get in with 1 more person, 2 people per lift at one time. And stand on opposite sides of the lift and face the wall - don’t breathe outwards towards that stranger. “Always use gloves from moment you get out of your car! You don’t want to touch trolleys that other hands have been on. Keep the gloves on until you are getting back in the car. “Use a face mask or scarf to keep you nose and mouth covered. Always keep your distance at the till. Keep the trolley behind you when you unpack at the till as it stops people from being able to to get too close. “Don’t unpack your shopping right on top of somebody else’s, make a gap between theirs and yours so none of your shopping touches theirs. Here we can’t put our groceries on the belt until the person in front has finished paying. “This may sound harsh but treat everybody that’s not in your household as if they have the virus, you just don’t know! “Most importantly, just stay safe! This is what we are doing here, it’s not an overreaction, it’s staying safe. And just remember others should be looking at you in this way as well. It’s not horrible, it’s a way of keeping your distance to ultimately help save lives.” 