WE ARE the boss of diski. You don’t get to decide, we do! And what we say is the law. That was the message yesterday from the South African Football Association, which strongly reminded the Premier Soccer League who’s in charge. Safa responded with authority to Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa and the league’s pronouncement yesterday that football matches could be played behind closed doors, even though the coronavirus was spreading. At a press conference yesterday, Safa stamped its authority and shut down plans the league had to continue with its fixture schedule. Its president, Danny Jordaan, came down hard on suggestions for play to continue and gave an explanation of the dangers and risks. “We decide that the games can’t be played. Safa decides,” he said. “Our position is in the interests of the players and the country first. Prevention is better than cure. “It’s crystal clear. Go to Fifa statutes – Safa is the governing body of all football in the country. “It also says the league is an internal subordinate body of Safa. The league is our special member. “The PSL is a domestic league and runs competitions within the boundaries of the country. “We (Safa) are a member of CAF and a member of Fifa and we deal with international and continental matters,” Jordaan said. Safa called on its doctor, Thulani Ngwenya, to outline the dangers of playing behind closed doors. He said: “Stopping and postponing matches is a way to curb the spread of coronavirus. “Last time I checked the situation, South Africa had 2 191 suspected cases and over 100 confirmed cases. “A lot of our citizens in SA are immuno-compromised due to HIV, diabetes, TB and this corona is dangerous. We have overcrowding in Alexandra and the Cape Flats. “Football is also a contact sports that involves pulling, hugging and the habit of spitting on the grass. So, all the players are exposed to that saliva and it can easily move to the next person. “There are also dressing room habits – singing, clapping and touching because of the emotions of the game – and you just can’t take those habits out of the game.” Ngwenya said if First World countries such as Italy, Switzerland and Spain failed, South Africa would be taking a big risk if it continued. “Those countries tried to play football behind closed doors, but it didn’t yield good results. Some players had to be quarantined for 14 days. “We can’t advocate for this to continue. If we get one positive case in these games, other players, coaches and support staff will be affected and are likely to pass on the infection to family members. “We’ll have a challenge because, should we have an outbreak, our health system may not deal with the number of cases or have capacity to handle an outbreak. My responsibility as a doctor is to advise Safa to protect players. Jordaan said: “All matches must be postponed until we find a solution. Fifa and the president of the country, Cyril Ramaphosa, have declared that the safety of the people and players comes first.”