WITH Eskom’s load shedding alone, businesses in Vilakazi Street in Soweto were already breathing through the wound. And now that there’s a global pandemic that is coronavirus, which led to strict restrictions and people self-quarantining, the impact is catastrophic for businesses in the famous street as they rely a lot on tourism. Some of the businesses might shut down and subsequently, there would be a blood bath in in the labour force as people would lose their jobs. With the spread of coronavirus, governments around the world have implemented travel bans to curb spread of the deadly virus, this saw number of tourists from outside of our borders decrease sharply. With alcohol being one of the capital generating tools, there are strict restrictions as to when and where alcohol can be sold and consumed. All of the above have taken a toll on restaurants in Vilakazi Street.  On any other normal day, Vilakazi Street would be busy with tourists and locals enjoying themselves at the local eateries. Those who frequent the area, they would know that finding a parking space in the busy Vilakazi Street without car guards guiding you is more like winning a jack port. But for the past few days as some of the restaurants have been serving just a handful of customers a day. Mandela museum, which also attracts a lot of tourists has shut its doors. The stuff there said they were told to come clean the area and go home. Vilakazi Street based restaurant Nex Dor manager Sifiso Mthethwa told Daily Sun that business was very bad.  “Around 1pm, its usually busy in Vilakazi Street, there would usually be three tour buses that would have passed by now, but today there’s not even a single tourist.” He said the business is bleeding because it rely mostly on tourists, who come during the day and locals who often comes to the place later in the evening. But with Police Minister Bheki Cele announcing strict measures around liquor trade, those who would have preferred to go out late would not be able to do so. Sifiso said as a result of lack of customers, they constantly have to check the expiry date of the food they have. Those that have expired would have to be disposed, resulting in loss of revenue. “This situation is going to force us to close and jobs will be lost as there won’t be money to pay the staff,” he said.’  He said they come to work with hopes that today will be better than yesterday, but for the past few weeks have not been any better. Sakhumzi Restaurant HR Manager Chris Joko told the People’s Paper that the number of customers started dropping after the announcement made by President Cyril Ramaphosa. “It is getting worse and worse by the day.” He said though they are not running a pub, the ban around alcohol affects them because most of the people who go out prefer doing so at night.  “If that is taken away, then it means business is basically killed. Load shedding alone is a big issue, and now that there’s coronavirus things are bad.” He said it is unfortunate that there are going to be victims of this, which are the staff members, if the business if forced to close. Forbes Jumo, General Manager at Sakhumzi said, “We are a 420 seater restaurant, but if you look around, we’ve got two clients this time of the day. “Normally buses would be parking here, tourists coming in from the buses.”  Forbes said that with the little money that business makes, they also have to endure the cost of complying with government regulations of buying sanitisers which have become expensive due to demand. Out in the streets, the vendors are also are also seeing flames. They come in morning with hope that they will make money, but leave the place with their pockets empty. Abdul Ramahan (35) said he came from Malawi, looking for the greener pastures in South Africa. But coronavirus is messing with his hustle. “The business is going down because of coronavirus, we must pray together for this to go away.  “We don’t make any money because the tourists are not coming… it is quiet now.” Gift Njezi (23) said: “The disease is affecting the business, there is no one coming even the streets are empty.” He said they will just have to wait for the situation to get better and are hopeful that things will change.