GATVOL RESIDENTS of Fakazi area in iIlovu, south of Durban want running water. They claim they have been living without proper water supply for the past seven years and then they blocked the roads. One of the residents who asked not to be named said they were tired of living with dry taps in their area. “When it all started we thought it was because of the drought that we saw in our province back then but years later when we started having heavy rains, we realised that we are being taken for a ride here,” said the resident. He said there are water tankers that supply them with water from time to time but most of the residents are troubled. “First of all, the water tankers travel along the main road only which is very far from our homes. While many residents that still have strength manage to travel long distances to get clean water, gogos and madalas in the area suffer as they are unable to fetch water on their own.” “They either rely on good samaritans in the area to fetch water for them or bear an extra cost of paying someone to fetch water for them at a certain price,” said the resident. “It ends up being pointless having these water tankers that supply us with water because most of the residents end up not being able to get it,” said the resident. Another resident also revealed that they were not happy about the way their ward councillor leaves them to fight for basic services on their own. “The funny thing is that ever since we voted for him in 2016 we have never seen him. The last time we saw him was when he was,” said the resident. Ward councillor, Ayanda Ndlovu said: “I am aware of the problem and I am trying to have it addressed. We have a feeling that the problem has something to do with the leakages because all our tanks are filled with water, yet water doesn't reach residents' taps. We have called in the engineers who are currently looking into the problem.” EThekwini municipality spokesman, Msawakhe Mayisela said the City would like to call upon all residents to stop embarking on violent service delivery protests in the event of the unintended disruption of service delivery. “The City met with residents and the resolution was that they allow our teams to attend to the problems that obstruct the provision of this basic service. As a matter of urgency our water tankers have been dispatched to provide clean water to all affected residents,” said Mayisela. 