NELSON Mandela Bay acting Executive Mayor Marlon Daniels has blasted Chippa United management for chopping and changing coaches which he said is costly to tax payers. This comes after Chippa boss Siviwe Mpengesi appointed Rhulani Mokwena yesterday to replace Norman Mapeza until the end of season, a move that was also confirmed on the Orlando Pirates website. Mapeza dropped a bombshell on Monday when he resigned hardly two days after he guided the Chilli Boys to a 1-0 win over Absa Premiership bottom club AmaZulu in Port Elizabeth. The victory moved Chippa from the relegation zone to occupy 11th spot on 25 points with seven matches still to play. Mapeza was the 20th coach to part ways with Chippa in their professional history. Despite not been on the bench since the arrival of coach Josef Zinnbauer in December last year, Mokwena was still a Bucs employee. “I would like to express our serious concern about the recent resignation of Norman Mapeza. Over the past two seasons, we have seen the team frequently changing coaches and senior managers. “It was Dan Malesela, Eric Tinkler, Joel Masutha, Clinton Larsen, Duran Francis, now Mapeza whom we are told decided to resign. “What worried us most is the fact that all these changes or firing of coaches and managers have been characterised by lack of visionary leadership, a clumsy management style and obviously lack of understanding the business of football,” said Daniels in a statement released by the municipality. Daniels stressed that unless management change their operation module, Chippa might get relegated come end of season. He went on: “We believe this style of management is the reason why the team has found itself fighting relegation every season, including the current one. “As the main sponsor of the team and a partner who really has the best interest of the team at heart, we call upon management of Chippa to shape up. “Our City has invested a lot of ratepayers money in this team that carries dreams and aspirations of young footballers of our province. If things continue like this, we might not be lucky this time to survive the relegation axe.” SunSport understands that Mpengesi was due to meet with the mayor to update them on the latest developments at the club.