Popular burger joint Buns Out, owned by media personality Maps Maponyane, has announced its doors will remain open despite the coronavirus outbreak. The burger joint that was recently named one of the best burger restaurants in the world revealed on its Instagram account that it fully understands the seriousness of the virus, but its decision not to close its doors is to avoid retrenchments or even permanently closing its doors. “We are a small start-up business and in such trying times it would be very difficult not only for us as a business but also for our employees if we were to close our doors.” "We are looking at every measure we can take and doing everything in our power to avoid retrenchment and potentially having to close permanently." Furthermore, the restaurant revealed it has taken every precautionary measure to ensure the virus doesn’t spread as its team is committed to constant hygiene awareness, increased frequency of hand washing and sanitising. In addition to the precautionary measures, the restaurant also announced it will not be accepting cash and will be sanitising its speed points regularly. READ FULL POST BELOW: Hey #teambuns???? We are a small startup business and in such trying times it would be very difficult not only for us as a business but also for our employees if we were to close our doors. We are looking at every measure we can take and doing everything in our power to avoid retrenchment and potentially having to close permanently. We fully understand the seriousness of COVID 19 and the implications of it spreading. As a team, we have and are continuing to operate our normal hours. We have taken every possible precaution and are taking under constant advisement with regards to further measure and possible closure. . . Our staff are committed to constant hygiene awareness and increased frequency of hand washing, sanitizing and sanitization of workspace and customer environment. We have taken further measures to ensure that this is all happening more thoroughly and frequently. . Further to the above, we will not be accepting cash and will be sanitizing our speed points regularly. We hope you can understand this as a further measure to help prevention and spreading of the virus. We would like to thank all our treasured guest for all the support and encouragement and hope that together we can overcome this as quickly possible. And we look forward to seeing you in the future. A post shared by  Buns Out (@bunsoutburgers) on Mar 17, 2020 at 2:46am PDT   