 No one can be totally sexy all the time, especially well into a
relationship. The realities of working, studying, cleaning and taking care of
kids can get in the way. And like with any part of a relationship, once you get
too comfortable, bad habits start to creep in. Thankfully, a few quick changes
can inspire you to go that extra mile. BAD HABIT 1 Always putting on your pyjamas before you get
into bed Or worse, leaving one leg in your pyjamas while having sex. You don’t need
us to tell you that isn’t sexy. And if you get into bed fully clothed, you’re
less likely to be up for getting down. Read more: Sleepy sex Kick it Get into bed naked. Cuddle up to your man,
reach down and take hold of his penis while you go in for a kiss. Thrills like
these really make a difference. “It’s through the nerve connections between the
skin and the brain that we get turned on,” says Anne Hooper, author of Ultimate
Sex Positions. So if you’re resisting skinon- skin contact, you’re missing out
on a lot of fun! BAD HABIT 2 Rushing foreplay Everyone loves an orgasm but rushing foreplay reduces your chance of
climaxing. Read more: Oral
sex Kick it Next time, try to not have full-on sex. Use
fingers, hands and mouths but no penetration for at least 30 minutes. Get your
man to give you an erotic massage. “It’ll stimulate your nerve endings and your
man’s senses, leaving you both feeling sexy,” says Dr Laura Berman, author of
The Sex Bible. “Focus on the genitals, breasts and bum but also the inner
thighs, lower tummy and back of the neck. Try nuzzling in a spoon’s position,
then get him to smooth his hands down your back and sides until he gets to your
bum where he can reach through and massage in between your legs.” Don’t forget
to return the favour! BAD HABIT 3 Not changing positions Many of us default to the fail-safe quick climax position. Kick it Experiment until experimenting becomes a
habit. “Changing positions means you both receive the sexual stimulation you
need and women are far more likely to orgasm,” says Richard Emerson, author of
Explosive Sex. Identify your fail-safe orgasm position. If you always climax on
top, begin with him on top and then continue to mix it up with various
positions until you’re ready to take control. BAD HABIT 4 Leaving the TV on The TV is a massive distraction that stops you getting lost in the moment.
Turn it off! Kick it Initiate sex by walking over and switching
the TV off so your man knows you mean business, or get into a position where
you’re fully absorbed in him, not your favourite show. Try this: get your man
to kneel on the couch with his legs tucked under him. Climb on him and sit high
on top of his thighs so you’re riding him with your legs around his waist. Hug
him close so he stays deep inside you. Move in a rocking motion, using your
feet on the couch for something to push against. Keep him hard by squeezing
your pelvic floor muscles. Read more: Get out,
get it on BAD HABIT 5 Moaning about the way you look We guarantee your man wouldn’t have noticed your wobbly bottom – he’s just
excited to see a bum! The worst thing you can do is point things out and make
them an issue. Kick it Your boyfriend loves seeing you naked –
that’s why he’s always trying to get you into bed. “Sex appeal isn’t about
shape, weight, height or breast size,” Berman says. “The female body wasn’t
designed with fashion in mind but to attract a mate, so men find all sorts of
body shapes attractive – from soft, curved lines to lots of fleshy bits.” Next
time you want to complain, stop and instead say, “I love my bum.” The more you say
it, the more you’ll believe it. And don’t be afraid to get your man to tell you
all the things he loves about your body. It’ll do wonders for your self-esteem
– and your sex-life! 