 THE CORONAVIRUS seems to be spoiling the fun for many businesses. From gorgeous strippers in evening dresses to magoshas in extra-tight mini skirts, times are hard. THE SEX INDUSTRY IS ALL BUT FLAT ON ITS BACK! Businesses around Joburg as well as clubs are starting to feel the heat because of the fear of the deadly virus. Popular spots such as The Summit Club in Hillbrow, Joburg, known far and wide for the top notch adult entertainment offered by its strippers, is also affected. A 37-year-old staff member at the club told Daily Sun: “The number of clients who are coming is dropping because people don’t want to be around other people. They fear the virus.” He said people should feel safe at The Summit because they take precautions to make sure patrons are safe. He said the staff – from the reception to the bartenders and even the ladies at the club – take precautions. “There is disinfectant at the reception and the doors, at the bar and in the toilets. “When people come in we give them disinfectant to sanitise their hands. We do the same also when they leave.” They encourage them to wash their hands and cover their mouths when coughing. At the Royal Park Hotel, staff wouldn’t comment. They said the owner would be in today and was the only one who could speak about the club. Meanwhile, magoshas on the streets said business was really bad. “There are no customers. We’re suffering,” said a magosha (36) who works in Boksburg in Ekurhuleni. She said customers tell them they are afraid of getting infected. “I even dropped the prices from the usual R70 to R30, but they still don’t come. “I started doing this about 10 years ago, and I’ve been feeding my family. But they’re starving.” She said she hoped the virus went away quickly so things could get back to normal. Another magosha in Boksburg told Daily Sun she was thinking of looking for a 9-to-5 job. “The cars usually stop but simply drive past as if they don’t know us,” she said. “I’m studying. I want to better my life. My parents died in a car accident and I pay for myself. I have no one to support me.” She said now that there was the coronavirus, there was no money for college. “I don’t know what to do,” said the 22-year-old. A 40-year-old regular visitor to the magoshas said he won’t use their services until the problem was gone. “I can’t risk it. With other viruses you can protect yourself. This one gets to you just by inhaling it or being in contact with a person who has it. I’d rather be sex-starved than regret it.” Meanwhile, the much-loved Cape Town International Jazz Festival had to be postponed, leaving jazz lovers disappointed.