BAFANA Bafana doctor Thulani Ngwenya says they are going to take necessary precautions to ensure the players remains safe. The global new coronavirus pandemic has to be the most concerning issue at the moment. And with the Fifa week coming where teams will be travelling to different places for respective competitions there are high chances of players getting infected by this virus. Bafana team are set to face São Tomé in back-to-back 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on 27 and 31 March home and away. The team which have four overseas players, two from France (Lebo Mothiba and Lebohang Phiri) and Thulani Serero who will join the team from the middle East, United Arab Emirates as well Belgium based Pecy Tau are expected to gather in camp on Sunday 22 March. Ngwenya says they are taking this issue serious and they will be very cautious to ensure the players are safe from getting it. “I know the issue right now around the world is coronavirus, and yes there’s a concern with the international players,” Ngwenya admitted. "We are taking this issue very serious. One of the reasons why there’s charter flights is because of Coronavirus. We are minimizing the risk; we don’t want to connect flight that would increase chances of us getting infected.” On the players who will join the team from overseas where there have been most cases of this COVID-19, Ngwenya said: “We got all the precautions in place for the team. "The players are going to travel from overseas coming this side, we have organized with their club doctors the international players as well as the local players” “I have been in communication with the respective team medical staff in France. "At the moment we are good, we cannot say we will complete eliminate the risks because when travelling there’s that risk. However, we have put in precautions in place" “They (Phiri and Mothiba) will take a direct flight The team doctors promised that from where they stay to the airport they will make sure that everything is fine. Coming from France, there are high chances that the players will be quarantine and Ngwenya did not dispute that. He stated: “We will receive them at the airport, yes because it is France they will want to quarantine them but we are still in negations to find a way that they release them as quick as possible because we do not want a situation where they are not part of the preparations. “When they release them from the quarantine, we will have them monitored very closely because we do not want them saying they have the virus and spreading to other players. "We cannot completely remove the risk but we need the players.” 