The organizers of the US Open, the fourth and last Grand Slam tournament of the year, are ready to postpone their event, scheduled this year from August 24 to September 13 due to the epidemic of new coronavirus, they said. Tuesday, after the reprogramming of Roland-Garros at the end of September. "The USTA (American Tennis Federation, NDLR) continues to work on the organization of the US Open 2020 and it does not introduce any changes to its program for the moment," said the organizers of the New York tournament. . "But we are living in an unprecedented period and we are studying all the options available to us, including the possibility of postponing the tournament," the USTA statement said. But in what looks like a criticism of the organizers of Roland-Garros who postponed Tuesday the start of their event - initially scheduled for May 24 for an end on June 7 - to September 20, just one week after the theoretical end of the US Open, the USTA warned that "this decision (of the potential delay) should not be made unilaterally". "The USTA would only make this decision after consulting the other Grand Slam tournaments, the ATP, the WTA, the International Federation and our other partners, including the Laver Cup," she insisted. The decision of the French Tennis Federation (FFT), organizer of the Roland-Garros tournament, justified by the repercussions of the coronavirus pandemic and the containment decided in France since Tuesday on the modernization and expansion works in progress, has has been criticized by prominent players, such as the former world N.1, the Japanese Naomi Osaka. AFP / Archives / Don EmmertRafael Nadal after his victory in the final of the US Open tennis on September 8, 2020 in New YorkThe rescheduling in the fall of the Parisian meeting will indeed lead to a traffic jam and back and forth between surfaces unpublished in the tennis calendar. No less than ten tournaments --5 ATP and 5 WTA--, and the Laver Cup - confrontation between Europe and the Rest of the world headed by Roger Federer - are scheduled during the two weeks that Roland has attributed -Garros.