THE suspension of the Premier Soccer League (PSL) games due to the outbreak of the Coronavirus that has led to a national shutdown, has destroyed small businesses related to football in Mzansi. It is not only footballers, broadcasters and freelance journalists, but security companies that look after the teams’ home matches who have been hit in their pockets. Security companies that SunSport managed to speak to are worried about the current situation. They have confirmed they are unable to pay their employees this month because matches have been suspended. And it is a case of no games… no pay for security firms and their employees. They hope the COVID-19 virus will be contained soon and see the resumption of matches in the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship. Earlier this month, the PSL BoG suspended both leagues indefinitely due to the deadly Coronavirus that brought sporting events around the world into a halt. The PSL followed the directive of President Cyril Ramaphosa, who has prohibited gatherings unless it is a funeral and those have been limited to 50 people. With the Coronavirus infecting so many people in Mzansi, Ramaphosa ordered a 21-day lockdown that started at midnight last Thursday to curb the spread of the virus. “As we are sitting at home, it means there’s no work,” said James Dlamini who is Head of Security for Aneme, whose company look after home games for PSL outfit Golden Arrows, Championship side Uthongathi and many cup finals which have been played in Durban. “There’s nothing we can do and we have to adhere to the president’s call. Our work depends so much on the PSL and events. With no events, it is very bad. “But human life is more important than money.” Eric Nkosi, whose security company looks after home games of Championship side TS Sporting, said: “This virus is giving us hard time. We can’t go to work. The people who are working for me couldn’t get paid. We are hoping a cure can be found very soon so that people can go back to work and earn money again.”