THE poster boy of South African athletics Wayde “Dreamer” Van Niekerk is racing against time to be fully fit just in time for the Olympic Games. The Olympic 400m record-holder with 43.03 seconds, made his first public appearance this week after going underground for two years. The two-time 400m world champion, has recovered from a back and knee injury and is in line to represent Team SA at the Olympics starting in Tokyo, Japan from 24 July to 9 August. But with three months to go before the multi-coded sporting event in Asia, is he confident to defend his Olympic title? And does he have enough time to regain his old form? The hero of the 2016 Rio Olympics in Brazil said he was in the best possible shape to win Mzansi a medal. “I’m still hungry and the only thing on my mind is to win a medal at the Olympics,” Van Niekerk said. “I feel excited, confident and ready to return to the track.” He had his first taste of the track in the 100m and 200m during a provincial meeting in Bloemfontein recently. The superstar of SA athletics will compete in his first official event at the SA Senior Track and Field at the Pilditch Stadium in Tshwane from 23 to 25 April. He has indicated he will continue with his favourite 400m at a meeting where the cream of the crop in SA will gather under the same roof. “I’m using the 100m and 200m events to work on my endurance. We’re sticking to the 400m events and feel confident that we will hit form at the right time. “My body is responding well and I’m itching to get back on the track to compete at the highest level,” he said, when asked if he was excited about his first official meeting since 2017. The speedster also confirmed he will use the Grand Prix Series in Cape Town on 9 April, Joburg on 14 April and Potchefstroom on 18 April – to gauge his fitness. The desire to defend his Olympic title in Tokyo is pushing the two-time SA Sports Star of The Year recipient to double his efforts at training. “I still want to achieve a lot on the world stage, starting with the Olympics in July,” he said.