THE South African boxing community are keeping their fingers crossed that the nationwide lockdown won’t be stretched beyond the agreed 21 days. Mzansi has embarked on a three-week shutdown, to help curb the spread of the Coronavirus. Former International Boxing Organisation (IBO) welterweight champion, Thulani “Tulz Evolution” Mbenge, believes the lockdown will have a severe impact on athletes, as they were not mentioned for financial relief by President Cyril Ramaphosa. “We hope and pray that the lockdown doesn’t extend beyond 21 days. This has affected everyone, including businesses,” said Mbenge. “But the president didn’t say anything about athletes. Sports people are also South Africans and contribute significantly to the economy. “Tournaments have been cancelled. It’s a sad situation for boxers, as the majority of them depend only on fights as the source of income.” Mbenge was supposed to make his ring comeback yesterday after being out of action for eight months. The talented pugilist from Mdantsane, East London in the Eastern Cape, suffered his first career loss and surrendered his IBO belt to German prospect Sebastian Formella in July. On his much-anticipated ring comeback, Mbenge was scheduled to take on Congolese Kuvesa Katembo for the African Boxing Union welterweight crown. The talented pugilist from Mdantsane was featured in was among the handful sporting activities who were postponed due to the deadly Coronavirus outbreak. Top local boxing trainer Bernie Pailman said although the Coronavirus affects everyone, it’s a sad situation for boxing. “This is not selective. It affects every South African, but it’s sad for boxing. “Promoters have worked hard securing sponsorship deals in a bid to put great tournaments and give boxers a platform to showcase their talents. “Then, after such hard work, something strikes the nation and the world. The Coronavirus is here. Let’s stay home and be safe. “As much as boxing is a livelihood for the boxers, they’ll have to maintain their fitness levels,” said Pailman. Ramaphosa has announced a solidarity fund to help those in need, including a seed capital along with a R1 billion fund from Rupert and Oppenheimer families. The Small Business Department has also launched an online portal, where businesses can apply for government assistance.