INDONI Miss Cultural SA founder Dr Nomcebo Mthembu has become more popular by giving people sex information on air on Gagasi FM. According to Dr Nomcebo black South Africans have not enough information about sex and that sometimes leads to gender-based violence. Dr Nomcebo have a radio show called Indaba sex talk on Gagasi FM on Tuesday and Thursday evenings with Alex Mthiyane. The show airs on 7pm to 8pm and give listeners the opportunity to ask any questions about sex. The show is getting more popular as many people are happy with her tips. She said the main purpose was to build sexual relationship between families. Gagasi FM is located in Durban and it serves the entire KZN with a listenership of 1.397 million. Dr Nomcebo told Daily Sun that as a medical doctor she always deals with people who have sexual problems in her surgical centre. She said many of their many problems is because people don’t have enough information about how to have sex. “The show started running once a month and there was a demand, and the show ended up as a weekly show. According to the listeners' problems black people have many stereotypes that make them to not enjoy sex. For example: We want to stop that Zulu stereotype that women must not show that she is enjoying sex because of so called respect. “Women have rights to enjoy themselves during sex and that also make her partner happy that he is satisfying her,” she said. She said she is happy to help many people about sex information because people always assume that what they are doing is right. “Males must know when no is no. Couples must respects things like foreplay to make them happy. Happy couples means a happy family, and sexual problems lead to many fights,” she said. Dr Nomcebo said people must know that there is a relationship before sex. “Communication in a relationship is the key. People must talk about sex and put shy away. Both genders have a when it comes to sex if they don’t talk about it. In same age relationships you will hear males complaining about less sex after marriage. If women are younger than their male partners you will also hear them complaining about less sex,” she said.