PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa will not be addressing the nation tonight on further measures to deal with the spread of Coronavirus as scheduled. He is still locked in a meeting to assess the situation so far. Minister in The Presidency Jackson earlier spoke to journalists at the Union Buildings where the meeting was still underway. Mthembu said that the meeting with the National Command Team was ongoing, tackling weighty issues and that there wa not telling when it would be concluded.The meeting is expected go on until deep in the night. It has therefore been decided that the president should rather address the nation tomorrow at a time that is still going to be determined, said Mthembu. “There is no possibility that the President can address the Nation tonight. We are now making arrangements that the president address the nation tomorrow. The issues that are being are discussed also include socio economic impact. We say it’s better to wait than to cut corners,” he said. Cyril was expected to announce further measures to curb the spread of the virus. The department of health has just announced that the number of Covid-19 cases is now at 274. The meeting with the command team also comes amidst rumors that the president might opt for a total lockdown which reports suggesting that soldiers have been put on standby. Mthembu has earlier admitted that there were further measures being on the table but could not reveal further details and appealed for the nation to wait for the formal word from Ramaphosa after the meeting. He defended the decision for Ramaphosa to address the nation tomorrow other than tonight, saying some people might be sleeping by that time and could miss out so it was proper to wait. He added it was important that Ramaphosa is fully briefed by the command team on the measures that have he announced last Sunday and its efficiency and how they are being implemented as well as mitigating factors. The meeting is also looking at other measures that can be announced. “So it is in the interest of South Africans that we are in this meeting. It’s is in the interest of South Africans that when the president speaks to them, the president has been indeed advised properly on all these matters that are facing our people. “We had said he was likely to address the nation tonite, we are now saying definitely he will address the nation tomorrow. Let’s allow this meeting to conclude tonight and will address tomorrow,” said Mthembu. 