 PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa tonight announced a nationwide
21 days lockdown that will restrict residents in their homes and can only go
out to buy food, medicines and other essentials. It will start midnight of Thursday 26 March 2020. That effectively means companies will be closed and
people will not be going to work and only those providing essential services
such as health workers, police officers, emergency services personnel, security
guards, traffic officers, military medical staff and soldiers will be the ones
in duty. Ramaphosa said those working in the production,
distribution and supply of food and basic goods, essential banking services,
the maintenance of power, water and telecommunications services, laboratory
services and medical and hygiene products will also be on duty. “Individuals will not be allowed to leave their homes
except under strict controlled circumstances such as to seek medical care, buy
food, medicine and other supplies or collect a social grant. “All shops and businesses will be closed, except for
pharmacies, laboratories, banks, essential financial and payment services,
including JSE, supermarkets, petrol stations and health care providers,” said
Ramaphosa, as he emphasized these measure were necessary to stop the spread of
the Coronavirus. He said companies that are able to operate where workers
can work from home should continue to do so. He said he has already directed the defense force to help
the police in making sure that the measures he has announced would be
implemented, adding that some of the measure will be implemented immediately. These included that South Africans arriving from high
risk areas will automatically be placed under quarantine for 14 days. None
citizens from these countries will not be allowed entry and turned back. Lanseria International Airport will be temporarily
suspended and all international travelers who arrived in the country after
March 9 this year from high risk countries will be confined to their hotels
until they completed the 14 day quarantine period. Ramaphosa also announce measures to mitigate the economic
impact by the lockdown, saying these measures were meant to support the poor.
This will be done through a fund through which donations will be collected to
trace the spread of the virus. Businesses that will be affected by the lockdown will be
financially assisted by subsidizing them with up to R500 for the next four
months for private employees earning less than R6500 under the Employment Tax
incentives. He said this will help four million workers. “The department of small business development has made
over R500 million available immediately to assist small and medium term
enterprises that are in distress through a simplified application process,” he
said. Ministers will tomorrow morning provide further details
on how the lockdown will affect and be implemented. 