THE Gauteng Tourism Agency has partnered with Melrose Arch to make travelling, staying and partying around Gauteng easy. The agency now officially has the first information desk that enlightens you about accommodation around Gauteng. It also sells tickets for events and shows happening in the province. The visitor’s centre is based at the Melrose Arch, north of Jozi. The agency took some media personnel for a day’s trip, to experience the good life of hotels around the City of Gold. The tour kicked off at the new Houghton Hotel, a resort-looking hotel right in the middle of Jozi, something you barely see. The R680 000 000 establishment has four pools, a spa, gym, four eateries and 60 rooms priced from R2 600 to R68 000 per night. And they are worth every penny. The entry rooms have a lounge, bathroom and walk-in closet, while the penthouses have a kitchen, private bar, dining area, jacuzzi and pool. And finally the premium room, a R68 000 per night room penthouse called the Rock star suite. It’s a two-storey penthouse big enough for a king and his family – with four bedrooms, two kitchens, jacuzzi, private spa and gym, steam shower and wine cellar. Not only that, you don’t have to stay there to visit the place. The five-star hotel also has boardrooms for meetings, a business lounge and conference space that can accommodate from 500 to 900 people. It’s also perfect for a day or night out with your friends, thanks to a luxurious spa with a hot and cold pool. Next on the tour menu was the Marriott Hotel in Melrose Arch. It opened its doors today. The establishment has been in the works from 2017 and has 296 rooms, including venues for meetings and weddings. Next, was a sho’t left to ekasi in Tembisa at The Hang Awt 1632. If you feel like having pap and chesa nyama, something fancy like prawns and fish, or something as refreshing as virgin cocktails, Shimza’s joint is the place to be. The popular DJ opened the restaurant in October. The tour ended at the Altitude Beach Club in Fourways, Jozi. It’s the ultimate beach experience in Jozi. The place has a pool surrounded by palm trees and pool lounge chairs. Go to the visitors’ information desk in Melrose Arch to find fun spots in Gauteng.