Aries (Mar 20 -
Apr 19) Mind: Family
worries versus love worries. You have your mind and your hands full today. Life: Anxious
decision making seldom leads to a positive and constructive answer. Self: It’s
better to take your time to deliberate than to make the wrong choice in
reckless haste. Taurus (Apr 20
- May 20) Family: You
don’t have to tell your family everything that you’re thinking about in terms
of love and relationships. Life: Your
choices shouldn’t be made because you want to please somebody else. Love: The
reasons for loving somebody are not very important, the fact that you love them
is! Gemini (May 21
- Jun 20) Work: It is
dangerous ground when you start mixing business and pleasure. Your judgement is
clouded. Self: Before
you take the next step you need to reconsider the plans that you’ve already
made. Life: Treat
everything today as an important decision even if you believe it is a minor
detail. Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul
22) Work: You’re beginning
to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Matters are falling into place this
week! Money: A gift of money
may come your way. Spend some on luxury items, but aim to save the remainder. Life: When some plans
do not work out you need to steer your thoughts in a different direction. Leo (Jul 23 -
Aug 22) Money: Admit to
yourself and others that you’ve made some bad choices and then commit to new
ones. Self: You can
only be blamed for a mistake if you continue to make it over and over. Life:
Responsibility means that you recognise your faults and are willing to work on
them. Virgo (Aug 23 -
Sep 22) Love:
A friend is causing pain to your partner. You’ll have to choose sides, and
quickly too. Self:
Your perception of right and wrong shouldn’t be influenced by an outsider. Life:
Advice that is given to you does not need to be taken if you have a better
plan. You’re in charge. Libra
(Sep 23-Oct 22) Work:
You cannot make the popular choice that pleases everyone but holds no business
advantage. Self:
Being nice means you lose out on your own success and abundance. The tough
answer is the right one. Life:
Follow the rules and regulations because the short-cut will be a costly
exercise. Scorpio (Oct 23
- Nov 21) Work: Constant
stress is not good for your health or your work environment. You need to plan
your time. Health: Getting
up an hour earlier in the morning allows you to ease into a new routine. Self: You have
to find a way to stop rushing from one crisis to the next. Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21) Self: When
you’re in doubt of your next move it is a good option not to do anything. Wait
and see. Mind: Answers
become clearer as the day progresses and as developments take place. Life: It is
good to know your friends but even better to understand your competitor’s mind. Capricorn (Dec
22 - Jan 20) Life: Your
health is directly related to how much you love and accept yourself. Self: Give
yourself a pat on the back for your accomplishments and strengths, and count
your blessings not your failings. Love: You may want to give a new relationship more time because it will be
worth the wait. Aquarius (Jan
21 - Feb 18) Love: It won’t
hurt you half as much to take a chance on love as it will not to venture the
risk. Life: Allow
yourself to indulge in the building of a dream. You never know what the future
holds! Self: Don’t say
‘’I can’t” until you’ve at least made an attempt; failure is not wanting to
try! Pisces (Feb 19
- Mar 19) Love: Don’t
make up your mind about your lover’s point of view until they have explained it. Mind:
Assumption is a game that does not offer facts or security and makes a fool of
everybody. Work: Back up
what you’ve agreed to verbally with an email or some paperwork. 