PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has called for Mzansi women and the continent to be liberated from the shackles of patriarchy and oppression. Ramaphosa writing in his weekly newsletter said although strides had been made to empower women more needed to be done to give them the means to improve their material condition. The president this week decided to focus on women as his topic after the weekend celebrations of Women International Day whose theme this year is each for equal. “It is only when women have their own means when they can earn their own income when they have assets to call their own, when they have skills and capabilities, then they are able to fully control their destinies. “When we empower women in our society, what we are in effect doing, is to raise incomes and standards of living, alleviate poverty and build more stable communities. “By unleashing the economic potential of women, we are unleashing the potential of our economies to grow and benefit all.” the president wrote in his weekly letter. He said investing in women’s economic empowerment would set a direct path towards gender equality, poverty eradication, and inclusive economic growth. Ramaphosa said women made enormous contributions to economies, whether in businesses, on farms, as entrepreneurs or employees or by doing unpaid care work at home. The society needed to ensure that women realised the full benefit of their contributions. “An entire generation has been born and grown to adulthood since the Beijing conference 25 years ago. “We cannot wait for another quarter-century before we achieve gender equality. Let us make this the generation that achieves equality, empowerment, and emancipation,” he said. Ramaphosa said questions needed to be asked what has been achieved since the Beijing conference 25 years ago. There has to be reflections as the world celebrated Women’s Day at the weekend whether the lives of women around the world had improved. “Are we closer to ending patriarchy and achieving gender equality?,” he asked and answered that in Mzansi progress has been uneven. “We have made significant advances in improving the lives of our country’s women in the social, political and economic spheres. “We have advanced the rights of women and improved their representation in nearly all spheres,” he said, adding that policies and programmes have been implemented to give women practical expressions and access in vast areas. However, vast discrepancies exist between the protection these laws offer and what women experience. “In South Africa, as in many other parts of the world, women continue to bear the brunt of poverty and unemployment. “They are less likely to own a business, less likely to be employed, less likely to be promoted,” he wrote. Ramaphosa urged that the push for economic opportunities for women with vigour. He said the government must strengthen existing mechanisms and frameworks to support women in economic activity and ensure that new pathways were opened up. 