It was an emotional state send off at the Herlewings Sentrum in Mayville, north of Tshwane. Cops from all over the country in their different ranks, joined the Minister of Police, Bheki Cele to send their last goodbye to their fallen colleague Warrant Officer Wynand Herbst on Friday. The warrant officer and a colleague, Detective Warrant Officer Delen Grobler-Koonin, were both fatally injured during a botched cash-in-transit heist in the North West two weeks ago. Addressing the mourners, Cele said he was fed up with the abuse from the criminals and the public when it comes to the police officers who risk their lives to keep the public safe. “I am tired, I’m just tired and fed up. This morning I received a phone call that one of our members was gun downed in Cape Town and on Wednesday we buried his colleague, this is just tiring,” he said. He said but being tired doesn’t mean, they should give up but it means they should walk forward. Cele said when police officers leave their homes, they don’t if their good byes, will be their last but the public sill criticise them. “People talk about human rights when police are involved, I don’t have police that are animals, they are also humans who have rights. As you defend everybody the police have to defend them too and one of the human rights is life,” he said. Cele told the police officers that he was not a funeral parlour that will be burying them every weekend. He said this thing of them engaging criminals on the scenes and then come and collect the bodies of the officers must come to an end. “If you engage with criminals there should be only dead bodies of the criminals not police officers,” he said. He told the police to get ready because there was a war looming, he advised the police to shoot first and ask later what was happening. “There is war here of arrogant bastards,” he said. Cele was accompanied by his Deputy Minister, Cassel Charlie Mathale as they joined the paraded to greet Herbst. The warrant officer was laid to rest in Zandfontein Cemetery in Tshwane North. After the Funeral, Cele proceeded to visit the family of the IPID senior investigator, Mandlakayise Mahlangu. The investigator was killed at his home by five suspects who shot at him.Cele expressed his heartfelt condolences to Mahlangu’s family as well as to the management and colleagues who worked closely with him.