A warrant of arrest has been issued by the Witbank
Magistrates Court on Friday against Mpumalanga tycoon, Sam Chabalala after he
failed to show up in court. The 24-year-old was expected to appear in court for his
corruption, fraud, possession of illegal firearm and ammunitions charges. According to the provincial NPA spokeswoman, Monica Nyuswa,
Chabalala failed to show up in court and a warrant of arrest had to be issued. "A warrant of arrest has been issued for him to be
re-arrested. The matter has been postponed to 26 March, failing which, his bail
will be forfeited to the state," she said. Chabalala who was out on a R200 000 bail was arrested
last year September by the Hawks after he tried to bribe home affairs
officials. During his bail judgement, Magistrate Mdumiseni Mavuso
told the court that Chabalala's accusations of being a flight risk were not
proven. He said he would grant him bail because of the strong family ties that
he had in the country. "There's no evidence he has family outside the
borders of the republic and its unknown if he has business and family ties
outside South Africa," he said. On Monday unknown men reportedly fired gunshots at Chabalala's
yard in Bethal. It is reported that his security guard was nearly killed. A
case of attempted murder was also registered with the Bethal police. Chabalala was recently re-arrested for another charge of
corruption which he was granted a bail of R500 000 by the Middleburg
Magistrates Court last week Wednesday. He was whisked out of the court's
premises by a convoy of traffic officials who escorted him. The multi-millionare who made headlines last year July
after flashing a convoy of his expensive 72 cars to the Durban July event had
claimed to be born in Venda, however in his recent corruption case, it was
revealed that he was born in Zimbabwe 28 years ago and his real name is Gilbert
Tachuona. State prosecutor, Eric Sihlangu said: "The
department of home affairs has indicated that the applicant obtained a South
African ID through misrepresentation.” Daily Sun contacted his legal representatives for comment
but they declined.