ABC Motsepe League outfit Baberwa FC are using the current break due to the Coronavirus outbreak to reconnect with the community. The Royals, as Baberwa are also known, took time out of their no so busy schedule these days to visit the families of the victims from the Eldorado Park taxi crash which claimed the lives of 12 people. They donated food parcels to the bereaved families and offered emotional support. Baberwa boss Joe Seanego said this was because the people of Eldorado Park had welcomed them with warm arms when they did not have a home a few seasons ago. He says it is important to give back to the community that has given them so much over the years.  “When we started this team, we didn’t know where we would play our home games but the people of Eldos opened their doors for us and made us feel like we had a home,” said Seanego. “We are a part of this community. It is important that we are here when they need us the most because they were there when we needed them. “What happened here was a tragedy, the families lost loved ones and they need all the support they can get. It is our duty to offer whatever support we can.” Seanego said it is their duty to help eradicate poverty, fight crime and drug addiction in the community of Eldos, which is their second home after Alexander. The Royals boss also revealed that his team have suspended training sessions until further notice as a precaution against spreading the deadly Coronavirus. Seanego believes the break will give his side a much needed rest and they will return to finish the job they had started as they look to gain promotion to the GladAfrica Championship. “At this point human lives are more important than anything else, that’s why we have decided to heed the call from our President and authorities to take precautions,” said Seanego.    “And I think the break will be good for us because it will give us a chance to recharge our batteries and come back even stronger to finish the season with just eight games remaining now. “Our players know that they have to keep training at home and come back in good shape to continue with the season, it’s not a vacation.”