 SHE SAID he was cheating, so she hit him with a steel rod. He said he wasn’t cheating – and that women like his girlfriend are not scared to use violence. AND THE DEEP, UGLY GASH ON HIS HEAD PROVES IT! “And even if I was cheating, no law says you can beat up someone who is cheating,” said Mlungisi Nzimande (39) from Noordgesig near Soweto. He said she beat him up for nothing. “Ungishayele mahala,” he said. “If it was me who had beaten my girlfriend like this, there would be campaigns today, all calling for me to be locked up. I wouldn’t even get bail and would get a harsh sentence. But because it’s her, it’s taken lightly. This is not fair!” Mlungisi said she was arrested, but later released. “If it was me I would be locked up by now.” He told Daily Sun that last Thursday his woman, Snenhlanhla Hadebe (26), saw him talking to another woman. “She decided I was cheating,” he said. He said when he got into Snenhlanhla’s room, her sister Xolile Hadebe (32) and her boyfriend Alex Matombo (32) locked the two of them in the room, and she took out a steel rod with a huge bolt on the end which looked like a metal knobkerrie. “She asked me why I was cheating,” he said. “Before I could say anything, she tried to hit me with the rod. I grabbed her and pushed her to the bed.” He said she started screaming and Xolile and Alex came rushing in. “They held me down and she hit me on the head many times,” said Mlungisi. “I tried to protect myself. Xolile hit me with an empty cold drink bottle and Alex stabbed my leg with a sharp object.” Mlungisi managed to crawl outside, all the time trying to protect his face. “They hit me mostly on the head and stabbed me on the leg. “The three were arrested but later released. I fear for my life. What if they come back to finish what they started? It’s clear they wanted to kill me,” he said. He said he spent a day at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital. Snenhlanhla agreed that she beat him up. “I moered him because he was cheating. He cheated with a woman I know and it shows that he disrespects me,” she said. “I was angry because I spent four years with him and he decided to treat me like that.” She said she was the only one who beat him up and not the other two. “My sister and her boyfriend were only trying to separate us. I did all the damage. I was fixing him.” Alex and Xolile told Daily Sun they were only trying to help. “We did not hit him,” said Alex. Gauteng police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo told the People’s Paper that a case of assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm was opened at Orlando Police Station, and cops were investigating.