Parktown Boys High School found to have been negligent and reckless. On Wednesday, the Gauteng Department of Education and Harris Nupen Molebatsi Attorneys, released the forensic report into the death of Enock Mpianzi. The report has revealed that the school didn't have an accurate number of pupils who had attended the camp in Nyathi River and Bush Lodge in Brits, North West. Enoch (13), a grade 8 went missing and his body was found two days later on the 17 of January. He had drowned following the water exercise. Attorney Peter Harris said no life jackets were provided and Enoch is the fifth person to have drowned at the Lodge. Harris said the Suspended School principal, Malcolm Williams tried to get the children out the water when he realised that none of them had life jackets but the damage was already done. "We recommend that the school should be held responsible and liable for its reckless and negligence actions that contributed to the circumstances that led to the death of Enoch Mpianzi," said Harris. Five teachers have been directly implicated and actions against them are underway.The application for the camping trip was submitted to the Education District offices but was not yet authorized. Harris said:" We also recommend disciplinary actions against district officials who did not do their job by not processing the application of the school. "The Department MEC, Panyaza Lesufi said Enock death can't be a statistics but heads will roll.He said a decision will be made about the Principal's future at the school before his suspension comes to end next month. Furthermore, he said he will be meeting with the School Governing Body for appropriate actions that must be taken against implicated teachers. Earlier before the presentation of the report members of the media were voted to leave the hall by angry parents. They accused the media of reporting inaccurate since the death of Enoch. Journalists waited outside for over two hours before they were called back to the hall, shortly after the parents.