President Cyril Ramaphosa has promised self-employed
people and informal traders that the government was looking into ways on how it
could financially help them during the nationwide 21 days of lockdown that prohibits
them from earning an income. Addressing the nation on Monday night where he announced
further measures to deal with the spread of the coronavirus, Ramaphosa
acknowledged the blow self-employed and informal traders suffered under the
lockdown. When the lockdown was announced last week, small and
medium businesses and other businesses that were registered and tax compliant
were thrown a lifeline when it was revealed that they could benefit from a fund
or stimulus packages. But the self-employed and street vendors were left out in
the cold. Ramaphosa last night seems to have acknowledged that this
was an oversight. “All of us are experiencing great hardship and great
anxiety at this time. That is why we are taking various actions to support
businesses in distress, assist workers whose jobs are threatened and provide
funding to small businesses. “We are particularly concerned about the impact of the
lockdown on the self-employed and on informal businesses. We are urgently
developing additional measures to provide relief to them during this difficult
times,” said the president. Ramaphosa said the next 17 days of the 21 nationwide
lockdown were going to be more difficult and small businesses entities were
losing much or all of their income. He also pointed out that the lockdown has sent shivers
down the spine of workers who are now worried about losing their jobs. “The elderly and the frail need people to care for them.
Some of those who live on the streets are without shelter or food. Students are
missing their lessons in class and are worried about their future,” he said. He added that in the midst of fighting the virus, the
country had just been downgraded to junk status by rating agencies which will
significantly increase the cost of borrowing to fund government spending.
Rating agency Moody’s last week downgraded to junk status. Ramaphosa said even with these challenges, he remained
hopeful that the country will prevail. “Even as our country faces deep and pressing challenges
on several fronts, there is no doubt in my mind that we will prevail. That is
because South Africa have come together like never before to wage this struggle
against this virus,” said the president. 