AbaThembu king Buyelekhaya Dalindyebo says government is to blame for creating conflict between him and his son, acting king Azenathi. According to City Press, Dalindyebo's spokesperson, prince Mthunzi Ngonyama, said in a statement earlier this week that the king had asked government to intervene and ask his son to resign to avoid confrontation. He said, however, no such resignation letter has been forthcoming from the Office of President Cyril Ramaphosa or Eastern Cape Premier Oscar Mabuyane. LetterThe publication reported that the king said he had asked for this letter as he didn't want an exchange of words with Azenathi over his acting period of reign, of which Dalindyebo has never approved.Dalindyebo was arrested earlier this month and appeared in the Bityi Magistrate's Court after he allegedly stormed the Bumbane Great Place in Mthatha at 02:00 on 13 March with an axe and broke furniture and threw out clothes belonging to Azenathi. He was charged with malicious damage to property and assault by threats. He was released on warning and will appear again on 1 June, police said. It was the first time that he had returned to the palace after being released on parole in December last year. He had been staying at Nkululekweni. Parole Dalindyebo was released on parole after Ramaphosa granted him a special remission of sentence, News24 previously reportedHe was imprisoned from December 2015 after the Eastern Cape High Court sentenced him to 15 years in jail for seven counts of kidnapping, three of assault, three of arson, one of culpable homicide and one of defeating the ends of justice. The Supreme Court of Appeal reduced the sentence by three years.In his statement, Dalindyebo said that the parole board had given him the assurance that he could return home to the palace seven days after his release. He claimed after seven days he received no feedback from the parole board, the Presidency or the premier's office. Restraining orderAccording to City Press, Azenathi has secured a restraining order against his father following the incident.Correctional Services spokesperson Singabakho Nxumalo told City Press that the issue was a family matter and that the department would not get involved. He added that Dalindyebo had given the address of both the great palace and Nkululekweni as his homes. The king's spokesperson said it was strange that Azenathi was still getting a stipend even though his acting period had come to an end on 12 March. Azenathi's spokesperson told City Press that he would not comment, saying attempts were under way to try to reunite father and son. This article was first published on News24. 