LAND Rover’s ‘go anywhere’ premium compact SUV, the Discovery Sport, has been enhanced with the latest technology, new levels of interior quality and increased space for families. The latest addition is now available in Mzansi. New car architecture ensures the fastest-selling Land Rover ever produced is now more technologically advanced and versatile, keeping its occupants safe and comfortable. With new features and the very latest technology, the new Discovery Sport delivers superior interior space and refinement while its optional 5+2 interior features a new infotainment interface with the latest connectivity, plus a more flexible seating arrangement with up to 24 combinations for enhanced versatility in optional seven seat configuration. The Discovery Sport makes the most of its compact exterior dimensions with an enhanced and versatile interior that provides improved small item stowage across all three rows and a 20% increase in fuel tank capacity (up to 65L). Wireless charging for compatible mobile devices is introduced for the first time within the lower centre console, while a 4G WiFi hotspot, alongside USB and 12-volt connectivity points on every row, ensure passengers remain charged and connected. Second and third row occupants also benefit from individual heating and ventilation controls for more comfortable space. For regular drivers of the new Discovery Sport, Smart Settings uses artificial intelligence algorithms to learn driver preferences, adjusting massage and seat positions, music and climate settings and steering column positioning to suit each driver.  To maximise efficiency, the standard All-Wheel Drive system benefits from Driveline Disconnect – a Power Transfer Unit at the front axle that disconnects drive to the rear wheels under steady cruising, reducing frictional losses and re-engaging AWD in less than 500 milliseconds. All models come standard with a reversing camera, coupled with a suite of advanced driver assistance systems. This includes Adaptive Cruise Control with Steering Assist, which centres the vehicle in the lane based on road markings as well as maintaining a safe distance from the vehicle in front.  Other active safety features include Lane Keep Assist and Driver Condition Monitor. In Mzansi, the diesel engine option is covered by an efficient Ingenium 2.0L 4-cylinder (badged D180) with 132kW, and is capable of returning an average combined fuel consumption of 5.8L/100km. Acceleration from 0-100km/h happens in 9.7 seconds and the top speed is 202km/h.