HE IS usually on the receiving end of stinging criticism from the football public... But this time Chippa United supremo Siviwe ”Chippa” Mpengesi has hurled brickbats at former Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality acting mayor Marlon Daniels. Mpengesi has also revealed a failed plot by Daniels to move Bloemfontein Celtic to Port Elizabeth, as he opened up on the criticism which had followed the club’s decision to let go of coach Norman Mapeza three weeks ago. “What worries us most is that these firing of coaches have been characterised by a lack of visionary leadership, a clumsy management style and an obvious lack of understanding of business of football,” read the City’s statement, attributed to Daniels. “Our city has invested a lot of ratepayers’ money into this team. “This team carries the dreams and aspirations of young footballers of our city and province. It things continue like this, we might not be lucky this time to survive the relegation axe.” But Mpengesi has hit back at Daniels, saying he didn’t want to entertain him then. “That is the guy who was acting mayor, talking on his personal behalf and not of the municipality. There was never a problem with our relationship and the municipality,” said Mpengesi. “That is the guy who wanted to bring Celtic to PE, but was beaten by the majority. He is a typical guy from the Patriotic Alliance of Kenny Kunene and Gayton McKenzie. “He runs his politics based on race. It is clear that he’s fighting for the colours of the North of PE. “He is the guy who is openly against the presence of Chippa United in the province as he feels the club talks to the Black Africans of PE. But that didn’t bother us.” Six years ago, the Chilli Boys moved from Cape Town to the Windy City in a multi-million rand deal. But Mpengesi has added that they are not threatened by possible termination of contract. He said: “Chippa United is the only club of the province. We are in demand as a club, so we are not threatened by removal or anything. Many municipalities would love to have this club.”