MZANSI’s economy continues to perform badly with the country entering into a technical recession! This is the second time such recession comes up in two years, after experiencing the first one in 2018.  Stats SA has published the latest GDP results for the fourth quarter of 2019, showing that the country’s economy shrank.  Briefing media in Tshwane, acting Statistician General, Joe De Beer, said GDP in the fourth Quarter of 2019 decreased by 1.4%.  He said the transport, storage and communication industry decreased by 7, 2% and contributed-0, 6% to GDP growth.  “Decreased economic activity was reported for land and air transport as well as transport support services,” he said.  He said the trade, catering and accommodation industry decreased by 3, 8% and contributed -0, 5 of a percentage point to GDP growth.  He said decreased economic activity was reported for wholesale and motor trade and accommodation.  “The manufacturing industry decreased by 1, 8% and contributed -0, 2 of a percentage point to GDP growth.  “The divisions that made the largest contributions to the decrease were motor vehicles, parts and accessories and other transport equipment, and wood and wood products, paper, publishing and printing,” he said. He said the construction industry decreased by 5, 9% and contributed -0, 2 of a percentage point to GDP growth.  “Decreases were reported for residential and non-residential buildings and construction works,” he said.  He said expenditure on real gross domestic product fell by 1, 2% in the fourth quarter of 2019.  “Household final consumption expenditure (HFCE) increased by 1, 4% in the fourth quarter, contributing 0, 8 of a percentage point to total growth, with main contributors being expenditure on clothing and footwear (8, 5% and contributing 0, 5 of a percentage point),” he said.  He said final consumption expenditure by general government decreased by 0, 2%.  “A decrease in employment was reported was reported in the fourth quarter,” he said.  He said Gross fixed capital formation decreased by 10, 0%, with the main contributors being machinery and equipment, transport equipment, non-residential buildings and other assets.  He said real annual GDP increased by 0, 2% in 2019 following an increase of 0, 8% in 2018.  “The annual real GDP growth rate of 0, 2% in 2019 was primarily led by increased economic activity in finance, real estate and business services, which contributed 0, 5 of a percentage point based on growth of 2, 3% general government services which contributed 0, 3 of a percentage point based on growth of 1,7%,” he said. 