The
Mpumalanga Department of Health in Mpumalanga says they will continue to
monitor the screening process at all the port of entry around the province to
prevent the spread of Covid-19. Health MEC,
Sasekani Manzini said this during her visit to the Lebombo Border Post which
connects South Africa and Mozambique on Thursday Manzini's
visit was to check and monitor the state of readiness. She said
they are currently tracing one suspected case which is in Mozambique. The person
is reported to have been in contact with a Mbombela doctor, Alex Kuhn who had
just returned from an overseas trip where he contracted the virus. Kuhn was
tested on Saturday and received his results over the weekend. "The
premier in the province is currently working with the government of Mozambique
to make sure that we trace the person and quarantine so that it does not
continue to spread the COVID-19 at Mozambique," she said. She said
the department has a responsibility to visit all the border posts to ensure
that what they are reporting in the national health council is exactly what is
happening. "We
are happy that we have seen that there are screening areas and that there is
not even one person who comes in or out without being screened. We are going to
continue to monitor all the borders. We are happy and satisfied in terms of
what is happening here and we hope that we will be able to minimize any cases
coming in or out with the COVID-19," she said. So far, the
province has recorded five positive cases one in Secunda, three in Mbombela and
one from Nkomazi. Manzini
said all the cases are external but one is a local transmission. Salvador
Vilanculos (71) from Matola in Mozambique said the screening process its a good
initiative since it will help them know their status with the virus. "The
screening process will not only assist me as an individual but the whole
country as we try not to spread the Coronavirus. We are also trying our best to
take all the precautionary measures that we are given because we don't know
what will happen and we are happy in the manner our country is also handling the
virus," he said.