BANYANA goalkeeper Andile Dlamini still remember the first time she donned the national tea colours like it happened yesterday. The-28-year-old will on Sunday achieved a milestone of 50 caps when Banyana Banyana takes on Lesotho in a friendly match at Tsakane Stadium. Dlamini made her national team debut in 2011 where Banyana were defeated 1-0 by Botswana in Polokwane.By then, Banyana were still coached by Joseph Mkhonza.“Gratitude first to Joseph Mkhonza, who gave me my first cap,” Dlamini said. She recalled: “I look back at that match and see that it propelled me to where I am today. Des in everything I do. Also, I must improve with every match if I want to stay longer in the game, and last but not least that it is never about me but about the team. Dlamini started her career playing for Phomolong Ladies before in Tembisa before being sotted and moving to Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies. She has been growing leaps and bounds since then.She has been to two Olympic Games – London 2012 and Rio 2016 – but never kicked the ball in the two tournaments. In 2018 she was part of the team during their historic moment when they qualified for their maiden Fifa Women’s World Cup in Ghana. Dlamini says donning the national team colours at their first world cup will go down as a highlight of her career. She played Banyana’s first and last match at the World Cup against Spain and Germany respectively. She stated: “That would surely be the highlight of my career – playing in those matches. I believe we did very well, we had our moments despite the losses." Dlamini.“Being at the World Cup, playing in front of full stadiums, seeing my happy and focussed teammates and team staff, facing the best players in the world – no one can take that away from you and it is something I will never forget.” On 50 caps, she joins the group of players that has clocked half a century or more of matches like Bambanane Mbane (52), Thembi Kgatlana (57), Sanah Mollo (73), Lebohang Ramalepe (74), Jermaine Seoposenwe (79) and Thokozile Mndaweni (89). “This is just unbelievable, who would have thought I could make it this far? Do you know how difficult it is for goalkeepers to reach this milestone? This has been a long journey, and this is something I have always strived for but never thought I would get there this soon as a goalkeeper,” said an excited Dlamini.