KAIZER Chiefs striker Lebogang Manyama has urged his teammates to remain calm and keep their feet firmly on the ground in their remaining nine Absa Premiership matches. The speedy player says they should focus on one game at a time instead of getting ahead of themselves. Manyama became an instant hero on Saturday as he scored the crucial goal that helped Amakhosi beat rivals Orlando Pirates 1-0 in the Soweto derbv at FNB Stadium. Chiefs are now seven points ahead of second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns with 48 points from 21 matches. However, the Brazilians, who were involved in the Caf Champions League quarter-final clash against Al Ahly in Cairo, Egypt, on the same day, have a game in hand. Manyama emphasised that their next league game against AmaZulu at the same venue this coming Saturday is vital. Said Manyama: “We can’t think about many games because we would make things tough for ourselves. We should start thinking about AmaZulu and that’s where our focus is. We need to continue fighting like we did against Pirates, be humble because football is a form sport, at one moment we had opened a 14-point gap and the next it was closed to four points. “We should be calm and continue working hard because there is still room for improvement. There are things that we didn’t do well on Saturday, so let’s not get ahead of ourselves.” However, the 29 year-old is delighted that they gave their fans something to cheer about after being booted out of the Nedbank Cup, following a 5-4 penalty defeat to Highlands Park. “It was a good entertaining game for the fans and the football fraternity. We knew how dangerous they are we dealt with them well. We had a plan and we worked hard on and off the ball. Manyama hailed their No 1 keeper Daniel Akpeyi, who silenced critics that prefer Itumeleng Khune in goals, by making incredible saves to deny Bucs the equaliser. “We should have killed the game, but Pirates never stopped attacking,” he added. “Akpeyi kept us in the game, and we support each other as a team. We were never worried about frustrations from outside because we come a long way together and we can’t be negative. This shows how strong we are.” The Alexandra-born player says he has yet to reach his best. “In football you can never be at your best. I don’t think any player can ever get perfect. I give all for the team and I don’t worry about my form. I take criticism to get better.”