 HE IS a smooth- talking man of the cloth on radio who counsels listeners on their marital problems. But at home he doesn’t appear to follow his own advice. AND THAT’S WHY THE WOMEN OF HIS KASI WENT GHETTO ON HIM! The reverend, whose name is known to Daily Sun, is on radio where he helps listeners with matters of faith. The popular man of the cloth has been accused by neighbours of turning his wife into a punching bag. The concerned neighbours, mostly women, stormed into his house in Guguletu in Cape Town last week, demanding he stop physically and emotionally abusing his wife. In a video that went viral on social media, the neighbours can be heard accusing the reverend of beating his wife to a pulp, and denying his three kids access to an education. The neighbours said they were sick and tired of being woken up at ungodly hours by screams coming from the house. “It’s been happening for a while and we want to put an end to this. “Besides assaulting your wife, you’re also denying your children an education. They’ve not been to school in two years,” shouted a woman on one of the videos. The holy man, in shorts and standing at the drive-in of his house, charges at the woman taking the video. “What you’re doing is illegal,” he yells at the woman before ordering the cops to stop her from filming. The man picks up a rock and charges the camera. Radio listeners reacted with outrage to the allegations, with one calling the reverend “a wolf in sheep’s clothing”. Ncumisa Mahangu wrote: “There’s no place in society for such devils. “I’m waiting to hear the pastors’ fraternity condemn his actions.” Contacted by the SunTeam for comment yesterday, the reverend said: “I have nothing to say to you.” When called again, his phone went to voicemail. Daily Sun understands his wife and three minor kids have been taken away to live with relatives. Meanwhile, the reverend was a no-show on air last Sunday. A female listener called during the show and demanded to know if the allegations levelled against him were true. The SABC hadn’t responded at the time of going to print.