LYLE Lakay is only stating the obvious. Mamelodi Sundowns need to score goals… and lots of goals if they are hoping to overturn a massive two-goal deficit against Al Ahly and advance to the Caf Champions League semi-finals. In a repeat of the 2019 quarter-final tie in which Sundowns registered a record 5-0 win over the Egyptians, the home side will again face off with the Egyptian giants in a return leg at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday (3pm). “Obviously, it’s important for us to win by three goals or more. Otherwise we won’t qualify for the semis,” said the Sundowns quicksilver winger. We know our goal. Even though we lost (2-0) I won’t say it was difficult in Cairo. The goals we conceded were as a result of a lapse in concentration when we went to sleep. Hopefully we can rectify that when we face them again on Saturday.” The Red Devils are still haunted by the 5-0 drubbing, a big factor for the Brazilians as they look to capitalise on possible mental frailties. “At the back of their minds it’s that 5-0 scoreline, what happened last year,” Lakay went on. “Yes, that is not the same game. But that game will play a big factor. Everyone fears coming to Atteridgeville for the Champions League. Most of the North African teams sit back when we play them here. “They know what we are about at home and if we stick to our plan, we will emerge victorious.” Like his teammates, Lakay is banking on the support of the “Yellow Nation”. The electric atmosphere has proven to be a big factor in the tournament, as Sundowns found out in the first leg in Cairo International Stadium last week. Added Lakay: “We expect our supporters to create a big yellow wall for us, just as the Ahly fans did at home, and Wydad in Casablanca. That will give us extra confidence and motivation.” Even though they are thousands of kilometres away from home, the Egyptians are certainly feeling at home in sunny Mzansi. Feiler held a theoretical lecture with the players before the training session yesterday and the team had a light exercise session later in the day.