An ANC member was allegedly assaulted to death in KaBokweni, outside White River in Mpumalanga on Sunday (15 March) morning at a branch general meeting held to elect candidates for the upcoming provincial conference.  The man who is in his early 40s was allegedly assaulted by taxi drivers with chairs, chains and fists. He died at a local clinic.  A witness who was in the meeting held at Gutshwa, Khumalo Tribal Authority, told Daily Sun that the taxi drivers came with some ANC members who are in leadership positions. He claimed when they started to raise questions about organisational reports, they were then attacked.  "The problem started when we started asking questions, a group of men came in and attacked us. They started beating us with chairs and chaos erupted. The deceased was beaten with a chain and chairs," he said.  He told the People's Paper it seems as if the attackers came prepared and knew the people they had to deal with. He said they are calling for the national structure to come and deal with the situation in the province.  "If we want to choose the people we want, we get attacked, we are never given the opportunity to choose candidates suitable for us. How many people have to die first before the top leaders attend to this matter?" he said.  Last week two people who allegedly came to disrupt a meeting in ward 37, Kabokweni where shots were fired injuring several people. Mpumalanga ANC spokeswoman, Sasekani Manzini said the organisation will wait for a full report from the region. "We send our condolences to the family of the member who has passed on, for now we are not going to comment any further until we get a full report from the region of what transpired,” she said.  “We have always condemned any form of violence during our BGM meetings and we call our people to be calm and tolerate each other with different views and work together, " Manzini said.  Mpumalanga police spokesman, Brigadier Leonard Hlathi confirmed that a case of murder has been opened for investigation.