Mpumalanga's premier, Refilwe Mtshweni-Tsipane,who was rumoured to have been poisoned, is back at work. Mtshweni-Tsipane who attended an EXCO meeting early this morning and later a media briefing to outline the progress made by the  province since the 21-day lockdown began by saying she was fine and super healthy. She refuted the allegations that she was in hospital as a result of food poisoning. This came after an article was published by our sister newspaper City Press that Mtshweni-Tsipane was airlifted to 1 Military Hospital in Tshwane three weeks ago immediately after she announced the first case of Covid-19 in the province. Responding to questions about her health, she said:  "As you can see, I am alive, kicking and healthy. I have not been sick of late. I learnt over the story over the weekend and I was surprised. I got the news and I rushed to the shops to get the newspaper and I read it, spoke to the author and I assured him that he must not worry, I am healthy, I am alive and I am at home and have not been hospitalised." It is alleged that her support staff is being investigated over the poison allegations. Sources said the Hawks were interviewing her staff over the allegations. When asked if she was poisoned, she said : "No, I was not poisoned." She said sometimes cops would arrive at her office but she wouldn't know what's  happening because its part of their protocol. Mpumalanga police boss Lieutenant- General Mondli Zuma who was also part of the briefing said the Hawks, crime intelligence and counter intelligence have got screening processes that is a routine process which happens every now and then. "Those processes are a deterant process. We do that as a deterant sometimes we pick up information about wiring through various methods that are employed by the counter services and then we question people not because there is somebody who has been poisoned or is about to be poisoned, it's because we pick up signals and we question people accordingly that is how we do our business with all the senior dignitaries," he said. Mtshweni-Tsipane said the province has set aside R33 million to address protective gear for all the hospitals across the Province. "It's a money that we got in a form of a grant from the national.  We can confirm that we received that money yesterday and accordingly it will be spent for what is intended for," she said. She said the government will ensure that no corruption activities will be done during the period and no one will interfere with the procument procedure.