SPEAKING on the club's website, Kaizer Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp has shared his thoughts on the explosive situation that’s facing the entire world and his team. The virus has spread worldwide, bringing to halt most activities both socially and economically. Just like many countries across the globe, the epidemic has been declared a disaster in South Africa and a 21–day lockdown has been instituted to flatten the curve of spreading.The PSL has postponed the league fixtures indefinitely and will resume once it is advised to do so. Said Middendorp: “Suspending the league season indefinitely is a huge challenge with regards to keeping the players sharp and fit,” he reacts. “We have to deal with different scenarios. The players need to be very professional. We can only guide them adequately using modern technology (video conferences, etc). I am glad that everybody has been professional so far.” Middendorp urges everyone to observe the precautionary guidelines: “We must all be aware of our responsibilities. In this time of self-isolation, it’s very important to lift one another’s spirits. We make sure that we maintain contact through technological means with each other during the COVID-19 outbreak.”Though Middendorp is itching to return to the pitch, the German believes that prevention is better than cure.“Of course, I wish to be on the training ground at any time and I hope to be back at Naturena soon, because we want to finish the season successfully,” he says. “However, currently, we have to take care, heed the call to stay home and not move outside to avoid the expansion of the virus.”Middendorp and his technical team have worked out a programme to keep the players ready at any time when called upon to return to action.“Currently, we are working online with the players individually,” Middendorp reveals. “We have provided them with a platform for their own performance analysis. The players are receiving video clips that they need to watch. We are also discussing challenges with the guys.“As a coach and as the technical team, we are in touch on a regular basis ,talking about the way forward based on the reflection of our games played so far.“I am not only using the time to prepare for our return to action, I have also been busy with the review and report of the season as things stand,” he concludes." 