SABC Crown Gospel Music Awards founder Zanele LaMbokazi-Nkambule said she agrees with government that people should take precautions. She was responding to her Facebook post on Sunday, in which she revealed she was not screened at the border as she expected, when she returned from from Eswatini. On her Facebook page, she wrote: “15 March 2020 Corona Virus - I think we are late. Hopefully not too late. International flights (especially from Europe) have been in and out of our country. Our borders are open, I came in from Eswatini and expected some form of screening at our border, there was none. How many people maybe positive but not TESTED yet? I have seen emotional/ spiritual debates about the closing of churches. My take, we believe in God and he is able to heal the world but that does not mean we must be careless. I believe all mass gatherings and mega events including church services must be cancelled at least until end of April (then we assess). The world needs new ways of doing things…skype, facetime, stream, etc. #Sizonqoba “Ibani mnene njengamajuba, nihlakaniphe njengezinyoka.”  About this post, she told Daily Sun yesterday (Tuesday) that she wrote it before President Cyril Ramaphosa addressed the nation. In the text message that she sent to People’s Paper, she said she is a born-again Christian and believes that Jesus Christ is the healer of the world and He is able, but she insisted that government was right when it instructed people to be responsible, take precautions and adhere to no large groups to avoid social contact and spread of the virus. “We need to protect our people and respect our government's command. This is not the attack on the church and it also doesn't mean we will stop worshiping. Our God is still God at the workplace, at home, in the street and in the car,” she said. She said it would hard not to be at church for the Easter pilgrimage. “However, this too shall pass. Perhaps the church need to adjust and use technology to disseminate its message, e.g. The World Christian Mall is offering pastors a platform to go live from the comfort of their homes,” said Lambokazi-Nkambule. Meanwhile, Bishop Vusi Dube who leads the Ethekwini Community Church, which is mostly attended by Durban celebrities, has announced there will no Easter pilgrimage because of the coronavirus. 