Unacceptable! This is how Kaizer Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp has described his side’s shock defeat to AmaZulu. The Absa Premiership leaders were brought back down to earth by relegation-threatened Usuthu following a 1-0 defeat at the FNB Stadium on Saturday. This was a far cry from their impressive victory by the same scoreline over bitter rivals Orlando Pirates in the Soweto derby a week earlier. And it has led to Middendorp slamming his players’ mindset after they failed to produce the same performance against struggling Usuthu. The Glamour Boys missed an opportunity to pull 10 points clear of second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns who were engaged in Caf Champions League commitments. Chiefs’ German mentor was not impressed, to say the least. Amakhosi never got out of first gear and were deservedly on the wrong end of the result. Bongi Ntuli scored the game’s solitary goal to earn Usuthu the all-important three points and condemn Amakhosi to their fourth defeat of the season. “We have seen quite a confusing team on our side,” said Middendorp. “It was a confusing game individually and as a collective. The question marks will come up, how can this happen? It has something to do with the mindset. “In this type of game, we have seen all around the world, you are only able to handle them if you have the right mindset on the field. “But it is not unusual. You had this big event (Soweto derby) that has gone successful only to follow it up with a disappointing result. “Watford FC win against Liverpool, Norwich win against Leicester (City). This is all stuff that happens, but it should not. “I believe if you have the right mindset then the result will be different. We took it too easy.” Chiefs, who remain perched on top of the Premiership standings despite their loss, will hope for an improved showing in their next match. They face Bidvest Wits next Wednesday (17 March) at the same venue (7.30pm). Middendorp is confident that his side will regain their momentum as they look to end their trophy drought at the end of the season. “We have missed a huge opportunity to make another step in the right direction. There is no doubt about it,” added Middendorp. “But we have to correct our mistakes and hopefully we will have another mindset against Wits. “I know it’s a marathon season. It’s a marathon for teams at the bottom who want to stay in the league, and it is a marathon for teams who want to win the league in the end. We are coming from position nine, we never believed that we are the kings or whatever. You don’t just snap your finger and win the league.” 