More and more places of entertainment are cancelling shows as coronavirus infections increase. Theatres are some of the entertainment places that will be hit the hardest. The Auto & General Theatre on the Square said it will temporarily suspend productions. But there will be no total shutdown. The theatre’s owner, producer and artistic director Daphne Kuhn, said all productions will be rescheduled until after the Easter weekend. The theatre will continue to operate small weekly matinee music concerts and rehearsals and ticket sales for concerts will be limited to 60 selected and spaced seats per show. Kuhn said: “While the health of everyone is paramount, we can’t allow the total collapse of the entertainment industry, which will be hardest hit. “The theatre believes it’s vital to keep spirits high with a sense of comfort through the positive medium of theatre, music and entertainment.” The Market Theatre Foundation has suspended all contact teaching at the Market Theatre Laboratory and the Market Photo Workshop. Classes for students enrolled at the Market Theatre Laboratory will continue online. Ismail Mahomed, CEO of the foundation, said: “We’re firm believers in the theatre adage that the show must go on and extraordinary circumstances created by the coronavirus pandemic force us to reimagine ways we can continue to engage our audiences while our theatres remain closed in the interests of the safety of our artists, audiences, employees and various stakeholders. “This is the moment to think of how we can take theatre into the digital space.” Organisers of the annual National Arts Festival, held in Makhanda in the Eastern Cape, said rather than cancel they aim to create a new opportunity for artists and audiences alike to celebrate the arts. They will be going completely virtual. Festival CEO Monica Newton said: “Going virtual will mean the festival can continue to support artists and the arts in 2020 by presenting work within a digital space. “An opportunity to connect when we’re being asked to distance ourselves from one another.” Baxter Theatre Centre marketing manager Fahiem Stellenboom said the centre decided to cancel all performances with immediate effect until the end of April. He said the Baxter would continue to follow directives from local and national government and the University of Cape Town leadership. “There has been a call on social media platforms that patrons who have booked tickets for a show at any theatre or event to please donate the tickets rather than request for a refund as this is precisely what can kill the arts. “The livelihood of many performing arts professionals is at stake as the world tries to respond to and manage the coronavirus pandemic. The Baxter would like to encourage that this option be kindly considered.” Joburg City Theatres, which runs the Joburg, Soweto and Roodeport theatres, announced that events and classes had been suspended. Ster-Kinekor said its shows will go on as scheduled. However, Ster-Kinekor says no shows will be screened before midday and after 6pm.