The crisis caused by the coronavirus pandemic could allow profound changes in the world of football when it resumes, said Gianni Infantino, president of Fifa, in an interview published Monday by the Italian sports daily La Gazzetta Dello Sport. "We do not know when there will be a return to normal," said the 50-year-old Italian-Swiss leader, who sees this crisis as an opportunity. "Perhaps we can take the opportunity to reform football by taking a step back. With different formats. Smaller tournaments, perhaps fewer teams, but more balance. Fewer games to protect health players ", believes the one for whom all of this" is not in the realm of science fiction ".In the meantime, football has been interrupted by the pandemic in most major championships and Infantino first wants to measure the damage caused by this crisis "which risks being irreversible"."We need an overall economic impact assessment," said the top football chief. "Let's estimate the damage, see how we can cover it, make sacrifices and restart," said the leader.Infantino points out that Fifa is working on exemptions for players whose contracts expire on June 30, while the main championships, currently at a standstill, may have to go beyond this date to reach their end."Let us think of the modifications and temporary derogations to the regulations on the status of players and transfers to protect contracts," he explains.Gianni Infantino also denies any discussion in the direction of the creation of a closed Superligue of European clubs, old sea serpent among the big stables of the continent. "It makes me laugh," he said. "And what else?"The leader is the main promoter of a new formula for the Club World Cup with 24 teams, which should have been held in the summer of 2021 but should be rescheduled due to the postponement of Euro football on this date."But this is not the time to talk about all of this," gets annoyed Infantino, who also refuses to plan on a possible resumption of competitions in May."Health first. Then everything else. Without panicking, let's face it, we will replay it when we can, without endangering anyone's health," he said.