THE PSL Board of Governors have resolved to postpone the Premiership until further notice. The League chairman, Irvin Khoza, on Thursday said their intention is to have the season completed by 30 June. The BoG considered the seriousness of the coronavirus matter, which could affect the lives of the people and health of the players. Khoza emphasised on the uncertainties in the country on how long will the virus last. The National Soccer League (NSL) matches, which comprise the Premiership and the GladAfrica Championship, were stopped on Monday following President Cyril Ramaphosa's address of the national where he declared a state of national disaster because of the coronavirus. But the league, with the support from Minister of Sport Nathi Mthethwa, were believed to be prepared to continue with the matches played behind closed doors, but that was met with a resistance from national football control body Safa. Safa president Danny Jordaan on Wednesday held a media briefing reiterating that there will be no matches played in the country, even behind closed doors. In a statement on Thursday afternoon, the PSL said their 32 member clubs met in Kempton Park for an Extra-Ordinary BoG meeting to deliberate the impact of COVID-19 (coronavirus). Here are the resolutions of the BoG: 1. The NSL values the lives of all our people. We view the health and safety of our players, staff and stakeholders as paramount.2. Whilst our intention is to complete the season by no later than 30 June 2020, because of the existing uncertainties in our country we shall remain flexible.3. The Board of Governors has mandated the Executive Committee and the appointed Task Team to take all possible measures to ensure that the NSL’s leagues resume in compliance with the directives issued by the State President with the support and alignment of the National Government. "This follows the meeting that was held with the Minister of Sports, Arts & Culture and further consultations held at this Board of Governors meeting with the Ministries of Health and the SAPS," the PSL said.