WHAT started as a good relationship between churchgoers and a bishop soon turned into sorrow. And it ended with a mum and daughter opening rape cases against the popular bishop from Evaton in the Vaal, whose identity is known to Daily Sun. This after the mum and her daughter were allegedly raped five years ago on different occasions. The incidents are said to have happened between June and December 2015 – the same year they joined the church. But they left in 2016. MAN SUES GOVT OVER COVID-19! Speaking to Daily Sun, the 49-year-old mum and her daughter (35) said they only got to know of each other’s ordeals last month and approached the cops last Wednesday. They said they feared reporting the matter or talking to anyone about it as they thought no one would believe them. The mum said she joined the church because her daughter was appointed by the bishop as his family’s personal chef. She said on some days her daughter cooked from the church’s premises and other days at the bishop’s home. “One evening I went to fetch my daughter from the church. I was approached by one of the ushers who said the bishop wanted to see me. I left my daughter in the car and went to his office. He said there was a demon in me and rubbed my hands with oil. I felt my eyes getting blurry and I collapsed. When I woke up, I found him naked and on top of me. I pushed him away and asked what he was doing. He said he was removing a demon,” she said. SHEMBE DENIES 'HOLY MILK' CORONA CURE! She said she was terrified when she left the office and kept what had happened a secret. “I thought no one would believe me as he is adored by many,” said the mother. She said a few weeks later, the bishop instructed her to see him in his office. “I thought perhaps he wanted to apologise. He offered me water to drink and again I woke up to a terrifying scene. I couldn’t believe he raped me again,” she said. The daughter said she blamed herself for the rape. ALEXANDRA KASI REPORTS ITS FIRST CASE OF CORONAVIRUS! “He called me to his office and offered me a glass of water. I don’t know what happened. When I woke up I found him naked and laughing at me. My jeans were on the floor and my punani was wet. One day after cooking for him, he instructed his ushers to take me to his office for prayer. I refused because I knew he would rape me, but they forced me. He forced me to suck his 4-5 and penetrated me from behind.” Gauteng police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo confirmed that two cases of rape were opened against the bishop. He said investigations were underway. Attempts to get comment from the bishop have been unsuccessful since Saturday.