THE forced break due to the coronavirus has brought mixed reactions from coaches of teams that are involved in the relegation battle. Black Leopards, AmaZulu, Baroka FC and Polokwane City are all involved in the battle to retain their PSL status. With six matches still to play, Rise and Shine’s Clinton Larsen, Lidoda Duvha’s Allan Clark, Bakgaga’s Dylan Kerr are not worried about the axe hovering above their heads. They are more concerned about the deadly virus that has swept the world, and by late yesterday the number of those who tested positive increased to 150, from 116 on Wednesday night. Leopards are rooted to the bottom of table on 20 points, while AmaZulu, Polokwane and Baroka are tied on 23 points from the same number of games. Said Larsen: “The break helps players recover. If the team have been losing matches in a long run, it helps to re-assess the situation. “It breaks the momentum for the team that were on a winning run before the break. “It’s not easy, but we need to adapt to the situation day to day, week by week and hope by 4 April that would have changed.” The former Orlando Pirates midfielder insists they won’t risk their lives by playing friendly games. “We are cautious and not playing any friendlies,” he said. “We don’t know what others are doing, but we cannot be involved in friendlies. What if somebody from the opposition is positive and comes into contact with our players? We are training in-house among ourselves.” Leopards coach Clark said they are also in limbo without knowing when the matches will resume. He said: “We are not worried about the games, but the spread of the virus. We do analysis of all our matches, but time (not playing) doesn’t make a difference because we are all in a similar situation. We are all in limbo not knowing what will happen.” However, Clark said lack of action won’t affect his players’ fitness at this stage of the season. “The players won’t suffer in the last six games. I don’t think the team cannot be fit after 24 matches played. It’s different to play a friendly and a competitive match. In times like this, it’s important that we don’t carry the virus because this is the first time humans experience something like this in 1000 years,” said Clark. Kerr is concerned that the break will kill his team’s momentum, having won two successive matches over Leopards. They beat them 2-0 in the league and 2-1 in the Nedbank Cup quarter-final. He went on: “The break does unfortunately affect us as we come from two good back to back wins. The atmosphere was good and players’ confidence is high, but there is nothing we can do about it. We have been preaching everyday about fighting the virus and it’s what it is. But we cannot play friendlies because it takes only one person to spread the virus.”