WITHOUT actually saying so, Mamelodi Sundowns’ number one goalkeeper, Denis Onyango has given the impression that there’ll be no freebie for Kaizer Chiefs in their quest to win the 2019-20 Absa Premiership season. “Hand over the trophy to Chiefs? That might be a problem,” he said, before starting to laugh. Chiefs top the standings with 48 points from 22 matches – four above defending champions Sundowns, who are breathing heavily downs their backs at 44 points, but with one match in hand. The Ugandan national team skipper believes the current season must be played to its finish. He says no one is willing to let Chiefs just walk away with the title without having played 30 matches. He insists that even if the season resumes in December, they are willing to wait and play their remaining matches. “We are titleholders and would not want to relinquish it so easily like that,” said the 34-year-old from Kampala, Uganda’s commercial capital bordering Lake Victoria, Africa’s largest lake. “What about the other guys who are fighting relegation? They might say, hey, wait a minute, we still have a chance to survive relegation. The teams in the NFD fighting for promotion or play-off position would also feel hard done by as they have a chance to be in the PSL. “Chiefs supporters will say yes, give us the trophy because we are leading, but Sundowns supporters would argue as well. It is a very difficult situation. The season will resume and people must just be ready and not take the easy way out. “Why do you need to cancel it? It will be cheating the sponsors as well. If Chiefs were to take the league, let them take it, having played all the matches. “Let us wait for the coronavirus to pass, for how long it lasts. But the 30-match season must be honoured.” About the virus lockdown, like many other players, Onyango said he’ll spend time with his family and walk and jog around the security complex in Joburg where he lives.“It is not like flu and needs to be taken very, very seriously. Stay home during this lockdown,” he said.