A retail
business owner in Phoenix, Durban, has been arrested for inflating prices on
goods, as people scrambled to make last-minute purchases before the national
lockdown. He may face
imprisonment of a year. The
province’s MEC for Economic Development, Tourism and Environmental Affairs,
Nomusa Dube-Ncube, said the owner of Longberry Meat Market was arrested for
contravening the regulations of the Consumer Protection Act and the Disaster
Management Act. Complaints
from customers prompted an investigation by the department’s Consumer
Protection Services and, according to Dube-Ncube, the owner admitted to price
hiking. KZN man
charged with attempted murder for exposing others to Covid-19 Spar,
Makro, Pick 'n Pay named in coronavirus price gouging crackdown Panic
buying price controls - will they work? “If found
guilty, the owner will pay [a] R1 000 000 fine or up to 10% of his annual
business turnover. In addition, there is a possibility of imprisonment for a
period not exceeding 12 months,” Dube-Ncube said. “My
department is intensifying the implementation of a zero-tolerance policy
towards price gougers, who are using the coronavirus outbreak to sell
much-needed food and other products at inflated prices.” Other major
retailers in Durban could also be in hot water, including a Pick n Pay
supermarket in Ballito and SAfair Operations, the MEC said. Pick n Pay
in Pietermaritzburg and Hyper by the Sea in Durban are facing allegations of
excessive price hikes on Lucky Star tin fish from R18 to R22, and hand soap
from R12 to R17. Complaints The MEC
also received complaints from consumers regarding SAfair Operations for
refusing to issue refunds. Instead it handed out vouchers, deducting R300 for
cancellation fees. Officials
also found that Checkstar Supermarket in Phoenix hiked the price on Savlon. The
matter has been referred to the police for investigation. With the
national lockdown just a few hours away - scheduled to start at midnight -
Dube-Ncube said efforts had been ramped up to protect consumers during this
time. She encouraged consumers to lay complaints. “We have
strengthened our partnership with SAPS, the National Consumer Commission, the
National Competition Authority and the Consumer Goods Council of South Africa,”
Dube-Ncube said. SOURCE:
NEWS24