AFRICA’S only player to make it as a finalist for the prestigious Fifa Puskas Award, Oscarine Masuluke, is facing an uncertain future. The TS Sporting goalkeeper, who turns 27 on Monday, is in the last six months of his contract with his GladAfrica Championship club, an option the Mpumalanga side exercised before the beginning of the current season. Speaking to SunSport yesterday, the outspoken player expressed his concerns that he may be unemployed after June as the club is yet to open contract negotiations with him. And making it worse for him is that he has not received any offers from other teams, either PSL or GladAfrica Championship. “Kunzima la (It’s difficult here). My contract is coming to an end in June,” the lanky Masuluke said. “I do not know where I will be playing next season. And my big concern is that I have not been playing regularly here at Sporting. “Mlungisi (Maranti, the other goalkeeper) has been on form and doing well for the team.” Sporting are currently not in a good position in the lower tier league table. When the league was suspended due to the coronavirus pandemic, they were in position 14 on the table, with seven games remaining – highly likely they may be relegated to the ABC Motsepe League. Two teams that finish in position 15 and 16 will automatically drop to ABC Motsepe League. With all that, the 1,93m long shot-stopper remains optimistic that something will come up as he is not prepared to go to any league lower than first division. He stated: “You will never know who is watching. I just need more game time and regain my confidence, then all things will go back to normal. “Going down to ABC Motsepe is not in my mind right now.” Masuluke left PSL side Baroka in 2018 under a dark cloud, and yesterday said he misses playing in the top-flight and hopes to make a come back. In the past weekend, he came on as late substitute when his side lost 3-2 on penalties to Bloemfontein Celtic after playing to a 1-1 draw after 120 minutes in the Nedbank cup quarter-final fixture. He added: “The cup match made me realise how much I miss playing with the big boys. But it will happen in due course. I just need to focus and get more game time.”