JOMO COSMOS boss Jomo Sono has made a bold declaration that he will gain promotion back to the PSL, come end of next season. Cosmos, once a feared and famous club in Mzansi’s diski circles, are flirting with relegation and languishing on position 15 on the GladAfrica Championship. But Sono is not worried, and not even thinking that they could be relegated to the ABC Motsepe League. He has been preaching about returning to the elite league after spending four seasons in the unfashionable first division of SA football. “At the end of the next season, I’ll gain promotion or will retire. I can assure you I’ll be back in the PSL because I’m going to get promotion, you can hold me to that,” said Sono. “Right now, I’m finishing off this current season and building a team for next the season. I know our position on the log table but am not even worried about relegation. I don’t want to start planning when the season starts, so that I know which players have to be used where,” Sono said. The former Bafana Bafana coach said there were a few things they have been doing wrong and as a result. They couldn’t keep quality players, who would have led them back to the land of milk and honey. “We were caught napping when it comes to the contractual negotiations of players and need to correct that. We have to be careful. We would offer a player a good contract, and once they are signed, they don’t care anymore. They’re now safe because they’re protected by the contract.” Explained Sono: “Some players, once they’ve signed a contract, they’re happy to sit on the bench. “He’ll surprise you and play beautiful football in the first four matches and then he stops because he has a lengthy contract. “We should put a clause in the first division to protect ourselves.” He added that he was happy with his current squad and that he’ll not step down as coach. “The passion will only die when I die. “Soccer is the only thing I love and it’s the only thing I’m good at. “I don’t listen to people who say I should fire the coach. Hence most teams in the PSL are suffering – because they listen to people. “Why listen to people who don’t know anything? When I started playing I didn’t ask for permission from those people, also when I started coaching, I never asked anyone,” he said.