JUVENTUS midfielder Sami Khedira is learning to play the piano, La Liga clubs are facing off on Playstation and Atalanta’s Robin Gosens has been revising for exams in psychology. Yet as thousands of footballers, from the highest levels to the lower leagues, remain on lockdown while coronavirus spreads across Europe, all of them are tasked with keeping themselves fit, as well as entertained. “Everyone needs to be ready so that when the health advice says resume, we can resume straight away,” Emmanuel Orhant, medical director of the French Football Federation (FFF), said. Nobody knows when that will be. But within football, the absence of a deadline only enhances the sense of urgency. In theory, the season could restart in a matter of weeks and clubs are determined to be ready. “Players may even need to get their summer break in now,” Brighton striker Glenn Murray said. “We might finish the 2019-20 season and then roll into 2020-21 without any break at all.” Asked if the players would accept that scenario, Murray said: “We don’t have choice.” It means fitness coaches and club doctors are creating week-to-week conditioning programmes, personalised for individual players, explained through WhatsApp and Skype, and dependent on both technology and trust. “Everyone of our players have been given the guidance they need from our coaches, nutritionists and doctors,” Real Betis head of medical Jose Manuel Alvarez said. “It is up to them to take it.” Betis, who sit 12th in La Liga, have divided their squad into groups depending on physical characteristics, with one coach assigned to each. “Devices then send data on fatigue, sleep, pain and even moods while players submit reports to the doctors on their weight and temperature, and to the fitness department regarding targets achieved,” Alvarez said. In that sense, they are given no excuses. Many players have gyms at home but club owners have paid thousands to ensure those without have all the equipment they need. In Germany, Bayern Munich held their first ‘cyber-training” session, when the players worked out through a video-conference and then stayed online for almost an hour to catch up. In France, Lyon have told their players to rest until 24 March, while in Spain, Atletico Madrid have done tactical work, with video meetings held between players and coaches to reinforce key messages. Atletico are also particularly stringent on diets. Like most clubs, they deliver meals devised by their nutritionists but players also choose between options for lunch and dinner, which they then eat at the same time as their teammates. Self-discipline will not come easy to some. Much will depend on personal circumstances. Lockdown can either offer the chance to spend more time with family or leaves family far away and unusually difficult to reach. Inter Milan’s Belgian striker Romelu Lukaku is unable to see his mother, who has high-risk diabetes, while Real Madrid’s Luka Jovic broke self-isolation rules when attempting to visit his girlfriend in Serbia. “Some of our foreign guys have missed the opportunity to go home,” added Murray. –AFP