MASKANDI singer Mpamehlangene Gwala claims Mzansi Magic owes him money. This for the costs he incurred for flights from Joburg, where he shot episodes for Mzansi Magic reality TV show, Mnakwethu. According to Mpamehlangene, Mnakwethu is hosted by local famous polygamist, Musa Mseleku. The maskandi singer said everything he did in the show that aired on 10 March was just an act. This despite it being made to seem like a reality show. But Mpamehlangene said otherwise. Speaking to the SunTeam on Thursday, the maskandi singer said he agreed to feature in Mnakwethu as a way to promote his music. This as he planned to drop his album next month. But Mpamehlangene said he regretted doing the show because his family was angry at him and he was on the verge of losing his wife. As if that wasn’t enough, the singer said he lost more than R3 000 in flight expenses and earned no cent for acting in Mnakwethu. Said Mpamehlangene: “If I knew going there to act would cause this much trouble in my life, I wouldn’t have gone. “I was called by the producers of the show three weeks ago. “They told me I could promote my music by going to the show since I’m an up-and-coming artist. “They also said I’d act as if I was a hubby who’d ask his wife to take inyatsi as the second wife. “I just took the decision to go there without thinking about the consequences. I took my wife and the gospel singer Khanyi Nzuza along to the show.” Also a traditional healer, Mpamehlangene said he signed no documents when agreeing to feature in the show. “Mzansi Magic paid for the flight expenses from Durban to Jozi, but I had to pay from my pocket to travel from Jozi,” he said. “Now, my family, including my in-laws, hate me. Even when I try to explain that I was acting, they don’t understand. “But I’ve called Mzansi Magic to pay me my money and have decided not to follow them anymore. I’m not the kind of a person who does that.” He said Musa had nothing to do with the acting tactics, as he was just a host. Khanyi confirmed to Sunday Sun that she was acting. She said she was an up and coming gospel singer and was told being in Mnakwethu would give her exposure. “Being on Mnakwethu was a great experience. That’s all I can say,” she said. Mzansi Magic spokesperson Irvin Pooe has been promising to respond to our inquiry since last Friday but hadn’t at the time of going to press. Musa was also unavailable for comment.