“MY biggest fears? I don’t have a fear, but a challenge!” So said Pitso Mosimane when quizzed on the win-or-bust Caf Champions League quarter-final tie with Al Ahly tomorrow (3pm). The Brazilians sit on the foothills of a mountain they have to climb to reach the semi-finals, looking to overturn a 2-0 deficit at their happy-hunting ground the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville. The task is even daunting when you consider the fact they go into the game without the vital away goal. Themba Zwane messed up a golden chance to score in Cairo, and it might come back to haunt him. “If you want to win, win! You shouldn’t have any fears. See the match as a challenge,” said the Sundowns coach. “We have to be ready for everything and anything. Even if delaying tactics are part of their game, let them be. If they do, we have to try and score, score enough goals. This is the Champions League.” The Red Devils return to Pretoria with some mental scars from their 5-0 loss in last year’s quarter-finals. Yet Mosimane has insisted they are facing a different beast in the current edition. The Tshwane giants will be stretched, not least with Al Ahly having the upper hand from the first leg win. Ali Maaloul netted twice last week and he will back to haunt the Brazilians. “I thought the game last year was huge. But this year it is bigger,” Mosimane added. “I saw a different Ahly last week. They fight, they push hard. “But the challenge is not allowing us to play. They broke all our attacks in Cairo. But this is the big one. We have to fight, win and make our own history.” The good news is that Anele Ngcongca is back to shore up the suspect defence. Rivaldo Coetzee has also made a full recovery, as well as Anthony Laffor. But Laffor is unlikely to start tomorrow, having been out for a while. Lebogang Maboe, Zwane and Sibusiso Vilakazi are set to lead the attack, covered by midfielder anchors Andile Jali and Hlompho Kekana. Ricardo Nascimento, who scored in the 5-0 win last year, should man the defence. This is going to be a humdinger.