THE hunt is on for churchgoers who attended a Free State
church gathering where foreign nationals who have now tested positive for
Coronavirus were in attendance. Health Minister Dr Zwelinzima Mkhize in a government
economic cluster media briefing on Tuesday morning said the department will
soon be making public appeals through various platforms for them to come
forward so they can be tested. “Here we had a church gathering with 300 people which
took place over four days. There were seven foreigners in that gathering and
five of them have tested positive for the virus. “They (foreigners) are still in the Free State and one of
them has been taken into a quarantine,” said Mkhize. The five who tested positive are tourists, two from Texas
in the US, two from Israel and one from France are believed to have arrived in
the country between March 9 and 11 and attended the church believed to be in
Bloemfontein. This is the church gathering attended by ACDP leader
Reverend Kenneth Meshoe who has since tested for the virus. Meshoe also came
into contact with President Cyril Ramaphosa when the president met opposition
parties to discuss the spread of the virus. However The Presidency has maintained that there was no
need for the president to get tested as he has not shown any symptoms yet. Free State has so far recorded seven cases some linked to
the church gathering. Mkhize said the department is preparing to test about 600
people linked to the church gathering. “We have now traced some of those contacts and they are
some of the people who tested positive in the Free State. Those who are missing
we will be making a call for them that they come forward so they can be
tested,” he said. Mkhize said the department was expecting the number of
cases nationally to rise but emphasized that the department was implementing
its strategy in order curb the spread which saw the country number is cases
souring 554 this morning. “I hate to give you guess work but in the next weeks will
rise by three to four fold. This is not projections but one man’s guess,” he
said, adding the announcement of the lockdown by Ramaphisa last night will go a
long way to limit movement by people. “Limitations of movement specifically those from high
risk countries will help. We have found that 75% of cases so far had links with
those countries,” he said.