SEVERAL regions have shared their readiness for the 21-day lockdown. He said core services would continue with minimal interruptions. “Basic services such as electricity, water, sanitation and waste removal will continue, though not at the normal speed.” He said they were identifying places to take residents for evacuation from informal settlements, hostels and other hot spots if the virus spread to those areas. Nawa said cemeteries would remain open for burials during the lockdown. “There will be strict regulations in place, therefore residents are urged to comply with the 50-person maximum threshold when gathering,” He advised people to use services in such a way that it minimised pressure on over-stretched resources. Acting city manager Mavela Dlamini said their staff had been encouraged to make themselves available.  Mayor Geoff Makhubo said it was important residents had access to basic services during this time. “The city’s entities and departments have systems in place to ensure essential services continue as per the president’s orders,” he said. Makhubo said Joburg Water and Pikitup would continue to work uninterrupted.“All scheduled maintenance and planned interruptions in services are suspended,” he said. People can also breathe a sigh of relief as power cuts will be halted. MMC for health Eunice Mgcina said clinics would continue to operate. “We again appeal to our residents to co-operate and work with us during this period to guarantee the health and safety of all.” Metrobus spokesman Goodwill Shivuri told Daily Sun buses would be made available for essential workers. “The official word is we will run nine buses from tomorrow and if the demand is higher, we will increase. We will not be accepting cash from the commuters because we don’t want our drivers to be at risk, therefore, we encourage them to get tags as soon as possible. “Our buses will be disinfected at every wash twice a day and drivers have personal protective clothing.” Speaking in Durban yesterday, Ntuli said the pair were caught and put in isolation under police guard. Yesterday, it was reported the suspects were a salon owner and a tent business owner in Ladysmith. He said 22 people in KZN had already been arrested for violating the National Disaster Act. Outlining the province’s plan to restrict movement, Ntuli said police agencies and soldiers would be in every corner of the province to ensure regulations were obeyed. He said he’d instructed the police in rural areas to conduct road blocks, just like in urban areas. Ntuli was satisfied with the level of readiness and the spirit shown by the commanders of all agencies. “From all corners of our communities, kasis, small towns, suburbs and villages, we will sustain visibility of our police agencies throughout the period of lockdown.”