In an effort to curb the spread of
coronavirus, the government will erect a 40km fence within a month to ensure
that no undocumented or infected persons cross the border into South Africa
from Zimbabwe and vice versa. Public Works and Infrastructure Minister
Patricia de Lille made the announcement at a media briefing in Cape Town. De Lille said that In terms of Section
27 (2) (I) of the Disaster Management Act she has invoked emergency procurement
procedures in relation to the erection and repairs of the border fences, east
and west of the Beitbridge Border Post. The fence, she said, was in line with a
raft of interventions announced by the President on Sunday when he declared the
Coronavirus pandemic a national disaster. Ramaphosa had directed that South
Africa’s borders and ports be secured with immediate effect. “The President stated that 35 of the 53
land entry points will be closed. This measure will, however, not be effective
if the fences at the border are not secure, which in many places, they are
not,” said De Lille.. De Lille issued a directive to her
department on 16 March 2020 allowing them to proceed with emergency procurement
procedures. The following day, her department and
the Department of Defence and the SA National Defence Force undertook diligence
and site inspections and it was identified that a fence – 40km long and 1.8
meters high – be erected 20km on either side of the Beitbridge land port entry. “Yesterday, 18 March, the specifications
were finalised and all of the emergency supply chain management processes were
undertaken. Yesterday, the contractor was appointed.” The Minister said the site would be
handed over to the contractor on Thursday, 19 March, for work to commence. “Due to the project being an emergency,
my department has instructed the contractor to substantially increase the
number of teams deployed and the rate of delivery tenfold.” De Lille said the cost of the project is
approximately R37.2 million. All 40kms of fence will be finished within
one month and local labour will be sourced by the contractor. In order to further expedite this
process, the Department of Public Works and Infrastructure has put the
following in place: - A dedicated Project Manager has been
identified and will be deployed to supervise the project and ensure that all
aspects run smoothly.