SUPERSPORT chief executive, Gideon Khobane, says Africa’s pay channel have their ducks in a row amid the Coronavirus outbreak that has threatened a complete blackout on the broadcaster’s screens. Sport broadcasters across the world are clutching at straws in their quest to keep viewers entertained, though live sport can only be a wish after all sporting codes came to a halt due to the deadly virus. Even the Randburg-based broadcaster is feeling the wrath of the Coronavirus, but Khobane says they have put mechanisms in place to continue being relevant in these trying days – a first occurrence since World War 2 between 1939 and 1945. Khobane admits they are deeply affected with no possibilities of live sport “and people obviously watch SuperSport because of live sport”. “But we thought we can’t sit here and feel sorry for ourselves... and play repeat after repeat,” said Khobane. “We got our creative guys together and said ‘guys, maybe instead of playing a repeat of (Kaizer) Chiefs and (Orlando) Pirates game 100 times, let us make each channel for a specific sport’.” He said SS3 is their prime Premier League channel, and they are happy to have secured feed from top English broadcasters like Sky Sport, ESPN, BBC and many others. “They supply us with fresh documentaries,” Khobane said. “They have interviews with players about their position during quarantine. Our partners packaged features like the best goals in the world, best saves, like your Man United and Arsenal glory years – at least there is a story to tell. “It is better than showing a match without purpose. We are doing such with each channel. “On SS2 we are doing rugby and cricket where we tell a story of the Rugby World Cup of 2007, for example. From the beginning to the end and people will know all about it, and who won. “We are trying to keep viewers as informed as possible. We need something different, even though it is not live, but such stories are still appealing and people enjoy them.” He said there is no exchange of money involved in getting international content. “It’s done through partnerships with everybody affected the same,” he said. “We have to share content. We are giving away free content and they give us back. We’re not competing at this stage. We know nothing can replace live sport, but we are doing as much as we can to give our people relevant content, but in a different way.” He clarified the subject of subscriptions where people thought there would be reprieve on their bills. “The subscriptions will remain as they are. But there are better people to talk about that. I deal only with sport.” With regards to contract employees and freelancers, Khobane said they will carry on paying them, even though they are not working. “We understand that this is not their fault,” he explained.