Maritzburg United will square off with Polokwane City in an Absa Premiership match at Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermartizburg on Friday evening (8pm.) The Team of Choice stretched their unbeaten run in the league to four matches when they thrashed Stellenbosch FC 3-0 at home in their previous encounter. As a result, Maritzburg are placed fifth on the league standings - three points behind third-placed Orlando Pirates heading into this weekend's round of action. Dan Morgan, the Maritzburg defender, is focused on helping his team get another positive result at home. “The boys know how good it is to be at home with the fans, the extra boost they give us as the 12th man," Morgan said. "Teams that come here know that record and how hard it is to come to our fortress. It plays into our hands and we want to keep that run going.” Polokwane recorded their second consecutive victory in the league when they edged out their Limpopo rivals Black Leopards 2-1 last weekend. The win took Rise and Shine up to 13th spot on the league standings - three points above the relegation zone. Eden Nene, the Polokwane central midfielder, says they will be playing without any pressure against the Team of Choice. "Once we go a goal down. We up our game and we always look to equalise. It happens all the time," Nene said. "The victory took us out of the danger zone. Now we will play without a lot of pressure. So, it puts us in a good place going forward." Players to watch: Maritzburg United Tebogo Tlolane: The attacking midfielder netted his first goal for Maritzburg against Stellenbosch and will now be keen to inspire his side to another win. Bongokuhle Hlongwane: The promising striker grabbed a brace in the win over Stellenbosch and will be hoping to build on his form as Maritzburg aim to extend their unbeaten run on a Friday night on home soil. Polokwane City Eden Nene: The midfielder produced a man of the match performance in the win over Leopards. Nene will now be aiming to play a key role in helping his side pull off an upset in Pietermaritzburg. Charlton Mashumba: The marksman grabbed a goal and an assist against Leopards. Mashumba will be looking to find the back of the net once again as Rise and Shine aim to climb up the log standings. -SuperSport