IT’S powerful, progressive and versatile. That’s the all-new KIA Sorento. The new fourth generation KIA Sorento was revealed for the first time and is set to take on everything life throws at it. Raising standards in the mid-size SUV class for space, efficiency and quality, it sits at the heart of KIA’s reinvigorated global SUV line-up. This includes the Seltos, Stonic, Telluride and Sportage. Emilio Herrera, chief operating officer for KIA Motors Europe, said the Sorento’s evolution over the last 18 years echoes that of the entire KIA brand. “While the car was initially launched in 2002, as a practical all-terrain vehicle, the fourth-generation Sorento has been transformed into something more desirable,” Emilio said. “It’s an important model for KIA, particularly now that it also represents the first use of electrified power in our flagship SUV.” The Sorento’s redefined exterior design – with sharper lines, high-tech details and elongated proportions – gives it a more confident and mature presence. Inside, its attractive cabin is premium-quality materials, cutting-edge infotainment technologies and a stunning new design. Furthermore, the Sorento’s innovative interior packaging means it can offer all this while accommodating KIA’s new “Smartstream” electrified powertrains – the first time that hybrid power has featured in the Sorento line-up. The front of the Sorento evolves with a new interpretation of KIA’s hallmark “tiger nose” grille, displaying a wider shape which organically wraps around the integrated headlamps on each side. The headlamps feature a new “tiger eyeline” LED daytime running light. The interior of the new Sorento represents a step-change in quality and design for KIA cabins. From the first-generation 2002 KIA Sorento, which provided occupants with a practical, robust and utilitarian space, the Sorento today provides owners with something altogether more striking, desirable and comfortable. The cabin subtly integrates a range of other technologies, including an available Mood Lighting system. The Sorento Hybrid is powered by a new “Smartstream” electrified powertrain, pairing a 1.6L T-GDi (turbocharged gasoline direct injection) with a 1.49kWh lithium-ion polymer battery pack and 44.2kW electric motor. Producing 230ps and 350Nm torque, this electrified powertrain combines low CO2 emissions with high levels of performance. This boosts performance at low-to-mid engine speeds and enhances fuel efficiency. Mzansi’s launch and pricing still to be confirmed. 