THE ANC has suspended all its branch meetings, provincial and regional conferences in keeping government measures announced by President Cyril Ramaphosa on Sunday to curb the spread of Coronavirus. Ramaphosa, speaking after the extended party National Working Committee said all conferences and meetings will be suspended by three months after which the spread will be reviewed. “It (postponements) has an impact in the ANC because we were planing to have our branch general meetings and in a number of cases there are more than 100 people who attend. “We were planning to have our regional conferences, our provincial conferences and the same applies to other structures in the form of our leagues. The NWC has accepted that all those should be suspended,” he said. As a result terms of interim structures will be extended by three months when the situation will be reviewed. The postponement will affect provincial elective in Mpumalanga, the North West as well as the all inclusive ex combatants conference which was scheduled to be held at this coming weekend. The party’s national general council, which is the mid term conference to review policies, which was scheduled to be held in June is also likely to be affected Ramaphosa said the suspension was in support of government measures which he announced yesterday. However Ramaphosa said the work of branches will continue and preventive measures will have to be put in place. He also announced that he will be meeting political parties to get what suggestions they might have. Also he said the party will be embarking on a door to door campaign to engage and educate the people about the virus. The numbers of political leaders in this campaign will be limited and those with flu like symptoms would not be part of the campaign. “We are going through a period that we have never gone through since democracy. This is going to have a negative impact on our economy and tourism. We didn’t make these situations lightly. “This virus requires all of us to work together. We are going to look at how best to ensure soft landing to our economy,” said Ramaphosa, adding that the government will look at some of the money underspent to see how best funds can be used. Ramaphosa said travel bans have been communicated to affected countries and every country in these difficult times should be to protect its own country as it is now public knowledge that the virus were brought from other countries. He said some countries didn’t take kindly to travel bans but every country now realized the importance of stoping the spread of the virus. “We think we have got now everything under control. We think we have acted at the right time and we will be upping our game. We are better prepared and as we move forward we will be even better prepared,” Ramaphosa. 