THIBELLO Moswang fell in love with Motlalepule Kgale the moment he first laid eyes on her. Although they met under unusual circumstances, it didn’t stop Thibello from wanting to say “I do”. Both have cancer. They met in January while undergoing treatment in hospital. READ: PRINCIPAL BUST FOR FRAUD! Thibello (29) from Manthe in Taung, North West, told Daily Sun he couldn’t stop thinking about Motlalepule after he first saw her. “I dreamt about her that night. It was clear she was sent by my ancestors. She’s the right person for me. “When I spoke to her about my feelings, she listened. I was deeply touched when she said yes to me,” said Thibello. On Monday, Motlalepule said yes again when Thibello proposed in the oncology ward of Klerksdorp-Tshepong Hospital in the North West. Thibello said Motlalepule had the qualities he was looking for in a wife. “I was attracted to her kind heart. She’s well-behaved, quiet and is such an attractive lady,” he said. Motlalepule (24) from Tsetse Village in Ventersdorp said she was surprised by the proposal. “I wasn’t expecting to be loved while lying sick in hospital. I didn’t expect such a big step,” she said. Thibello fell ill in 2018. Motlalepule was diagnosed in October last year. When asked about their illness, they both said it took them time to accept it but later made peace with it. They didn’t want to disclose the type of cancer they were receiving treatment for. READ: YOUNG GIRLS BLINDED BY CASH! Thibello is a self-employed waste recycler but stopped working when he fell ill. He plans to pay lobola in November and get married the following month. Thibello doesn’t have any children, while Motlalepule has a four-year-old girl from a previous relationship. Thibello’s cousin, Fufi Moswang (33), said he would help him to pay lobola. Motlalepule’s sister, Mmabatho (34), said the family were happy she found someone she loved. “We can’t stop her because she is happier than before.” Klerksdorp-Tshepong Hospital acting CEO, Dr Mpho Dikhing-Mahole and operational manager, Hantie Cloete, said they were happy for the couple. Oncologist Dr Aisha Hoosen said the hospital was seeing more black cancer patients, most of them young.