Limpopo Health MEC Dr. Phophi Ramathuba has welcomed the
first case of coronavirus recovery. Health spokesperson Neil Shikwambana said the 28-year-old
doctor was the first confirmed case in the province after his return from
Europe. The MEC commended the doctor’s self-discipline because he
immediately self-quarantined after his return from overseas and also self-isolated
after testing positive. She also said after his self-isolation period, he has
tested negative and he is ready to be integrated back to society. “This must also
give hope to the community to say, if we do what is right, we can contain the
spread of this disease,” says Ramathuba. Shikwambana also said Limpopo Province is now sitting at 13
laboratory confirmed coronavirus cases including the recovered case, Of all the cases, Limpopo has only one case which is
suspected to be a local transmission. He further said investigations are still being done to
ascertain this fact. Breakdown per district  
Currently, Waterberg District is still leading with 6 cases. 3 of these are
of a Western Cape family that travelled to Europe and upon return
self-quarantined and isolated themselves in a farm Waterburg. The other three are of a Japanese national who travelled
home, and Australian national who also travelled home and a Zimbabwean national
who has just recently arrived in South Africa. Capricorn has so far recorded 4 cases including the
recoveree. The other three are a 44-year-old female who travelled to London.
Upon return, she did not self-quarantine although she was coming from a high
risk area. However, upon confirming her test as positive, all her contacts were
traced, screened and tested and none has tested positive. The other cases are of another 44-year-old who has just
recently returned from a cruise ship in the Portuguese Island and a 54-year-old
male who travelled to Nigeria. Vhembe has recorded two cases. A 54-year-old female who
travelled to the United States of America and a 45-year-old female with no
travel history (suspected local transmission) Mopani has recorded a single case. This is the case of a
30-year-old who was tested in Gauteng and didn’t self-quarantine but instead
came back to Limpopo. He has since been arrested and taken to an isolation site
at the Modimolle MDR TB Hospital. The tracer team are busy tracing his contact
in order to ensure that they are screened and tested. Sekhukhune remains the only district in the province with
no confirmed cases. Ramathuba has called on the people of Limpopo to exercise
maximum discipline during this period of lockdown. She also says
lockdown is the hope of the country to arrest the spread of the virus. “Our people must
adhere to the rules of this lockdown because this is the only way we can be
able to contain the spread of the virus. We are already recording deaths in
other provinces and that must knock sense to many of us to say if we are not
vigilant enough by doing what is right, soon we will be seeing deaths in our
doorstep,” she said. Ramathuba also
welcomes the decision by the President to declare The Ranch hotel as a green
zone. "We must re-emphasize
the words by the President that lock down is the only solution towards
defeating COVID-19 learning from 114 repatriates who despite coming from
Epicenter of COVID-19 they all tested negative. We therefore as a province took
a decision to force isolate all those who tested positive rather than allowing
them for self-isolation,” she concluded. 