Aries (Mar 20 -
Apr 19) Love: Seemingly
the two of you have reached a point of a stale-mate. Neither one can, or wants
to budge. Self: It would
help to spend a few hours apart on the weekend. Maybe you need to know your own
mind. Life: By
thinking about the same thing all the time you only see the same patterns. Taurus (Apr 20
- May 20) Self: You feel
torn between two ideas and two life scenarios. Unfortunately, you have to
choose one. Life: A good
way to know what you want is to think about the things you’re sure you don’t
want. Mind:
Occasionally it is okay to be completely selfish, regardless of what everyone
else feels or thinks. Gemini (May 21
- Jun 20) Money: What you’re accustomed to and what is your present reality are
worlds apart. Life: If you have less than what you want financially you’ll have to
work harder or smarter to earn more. Self: If you have more money than you need, why shouldn’t you assist
somebody else? Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul
22) Work: Yesterday
you told the truth but today you might have to stretch your words further to
please others. Love: Your date
has little or no interest in your family history. Focus on each other Self: Admit
that what you said you wanted from a relationship has changed. You seek
commitment now. Leo (Jul 23 -
Aug 22) Work: You could
get a job offer from your old boss; you know the pros and cons, so what’s next? Career: You
feel that it is the wrong time of year for a change but can you decide when is
the right time? Self: Be aware
that you’re trying to get out of the responsibility that making a clear-cut
decision requires. Virgo (Aug 23 -
Sep 22) Love: You
really thought you liked somebody a lot but somehow your mind changes
completely again. Life: One of
the things you demand from love is that you know your lover’s mind. Self: If you
feel that you’ve been fooled or deceived you will find it very difficult to
forget. Libra
(Sep 23-Oct 22) Family: Your
family has been indirectly supportive of your career goals, why are you
rejecting them now? Self: Be
careful of the overwhelming need to be right. Self-righteousness is a negative
personality trait. Mind: Assess
where you’ve made mistakes before and concentrate on possibilities of
improvement. Scorpio (Oct 23
- Nov 21) Mind: Your long
and short-term plans seem to synchronise into one reality today. Self: There is
some bad news with the good but it doesn’t cast a permanent shadow. Life: Deal with
the little troubles in a methodical manner, don’t worry about them ahead of
time too much. Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21) Money: You
might not have planned the budget perfectly but you’ve done a better job than
last month. Self: Give
yourself credit where credit is due; why do you want to be your own worst
enemy? Love: Take a
chance because you haven’t got much to lose and the possible gains are much
more. Capricorn (Dec
22 - Jan 20) Life: If you’re
in a relationship you’ll have to build resistance to a flirtation at work. Love: What your
partner doesn’t know can’t harm them, but your guilt will cause you pain. Think
twice. Self: Maintain
a professional but friendly atmosphere at work; you are stronger than a petty
incident! Aquarius (Jan
21 - Feb 18) Love: The
difference of opinion is probably not worth arguing the whole weekend about! Life: Don’t
agree to disagree; agree to forget about the subject of contention completely. Self: Ask
yourself if something is important by measuring if it will still matter next
year this time. Pisces (Feb 19
- Mar 19 Money: Even if you’ve
just been paid, it does not mean you should splurge on your credit card. Self: By
instantly gratifying your need to buy, buy, and buy some more, you’re setting
yourself up for woe. Life: Live the
whole month on an average budget instead of the start like a king and the end
like a pauper. 