 I have always considered myself to be
special. From a young age, I felt like I was destined for great things. You
know when you just know you’re going to do and be something big? I was ready for whatever would come my way because
in my heart, I knew who I was meant to be. That beautiful young soul didn’t
know that she had to put in the work to get the life she wanted. ROSE-TINTED GLASSES I thought myself smart in school. I could
pretty much figure out anything if given enough time. Just not maths! Anything
but maths! I thought “real” life would happen naturally after high school,
without me having to work that hard. But this was not the case. After completing
matric I realised that I hadn’t actually given my future much thought. Read more: From
a career in the SANDF to styling for Forbes Woman Africa – Free State woman's
dream came true I didn’t know what I was going to study or
even what I was passionate about. Nothing! I felt stupid. All my friends seemed
to know everything – what they were going to study, the wheres and the hows.
And there I was, directionless and stuck. I decided to study for a degree in
social work, but I discovered that is not where my passion lies. I even ended up prolonging my graduation so
I wouldn’t have to deal with a job in social work where I would be unhappy. I
wish someone had told me to take life more seriously and that life isn’t a big
party where everything just works out – that you must put in the groundwork and
that you are literally responsible for whatever direction your life takes. IT’S ALL UP TO ME I decided a few months ago that I would not
merely exist anymore. I decided to stop just going through the motions and
finally take charge of my life and my future. I’ve been attending free online
classes, taken up freelance writing and editing, waitressing and doing
promotional work. Read more: 'What
I do is a gift' – SA’s first black female orchestra conductor I’ve been saying “yes” to literally every
job offer I have come across that I can fit into my schedule. I’ve been
attending seminars and surrounding myself with people with a real thirst for
life and who have knowledge to offer me. TAKING OWNERSHIP For the first time in my life I’m not just
coasting. I’ve finally taken ownership of my present and my future. I will
continue to find myself regardless of how long it takes. I will be the amazing
force I’ve always known myself to be, from when I was a little girl. It’s never
too late to find who you truly are and you should do whatever you can to feed
your mind, body and soul. The future is bright and I am ready to shine. 