FORMER Bafana Bafana goalkeeperShu-Aib Walters is optimistic his Goalkeepers Academy will play a huge role in future to ensure the national team doesn’t face goalkeeping crisis. The former Cape Town City keeper started the academy in 2016 when he was still playing for The Citizens. Late last year, he relocated it to Joburg for a bigger demographic and profile. Now, the academy is based at Pirates Club in Greenside and is for young goalkeepers from eight years old. Last Thursday, Bafana coach Molefe Ntseki announced his squad which was supposed to play Sao Tome inback-to-back Afcon qualifiers. He acknowledged the challenge facing the goalkeeping department. Said Ntseki: “It’s a big challenge, and not only for me, but for the entire country, the PSL and NFD teams. “Most of the PSL teams have foreign goalkeepers. Even when you go down to the NFD, you’ll find that most of the teams are playing foreign goalkeepers. “When are our goalkeepers going to be promoted to the PSL, and hopefully go overseas?” Walters (38), said the goalkeeping crisis, something that has never been a concern in the country previously, has now become a major problem.  “I started this (academy) in 2016 while I was still playing in Cape Town. The aim was to ensure goalkeepers don’t suffer the same way as I did,” he said. “I started playing at the young age of 15, but was only exposed to proper facilities, proper training when I joined Vasco Da Gama in 2003. “That saw me not getting the right fundamentals, so I want to make sure it doesn’t happen to others. “And I also believe that will also help them make their breakthrough in the PSL at a young age.” He added the country was slowly approaching a goalkeeper crisis.  “We’re not yet at the stage where we can say we have a goalkeeper crisis, but we’re heading there,” Walters lamented. According to Walters, investing more in youngsters is important for the future, and ensuring they get exposed to proper facilities and teaching them the basics at a tender age. Walters also appealed to the PSL, lower division clubs and parents to bring goalkeepers who have a potential to the academy.