POLOKWANE CITY and their coach Clinton Larsen received a massive boost ahead of their Limpopo derby against rivals Black Leopards at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium this afternoon (3.30pm). Larsen’s experienced defender Ayanda Nkili has been cleared to face Lidoda Duvha. The 29-year-old missed Rise and Shine’s 3-2 win against Cape Town City in an Absa Premiership clash two weeks ago due to a hamstring injury. “Nkili is back and has been training well without any problems,” said Larsen. “The two-week break we had helped him to recover. We’re happy to have him back and hope he’d be in our last eight league matches. We need his experience at the back as we have injury problems in our team.” It would have been a huge problem for the 49-year-old Durban-born mentor if Nkili was ruled out of this game, as the former Golden Arrows and AmaZulu coach’s two centre-backs, Sboniso Mbonani and Nicholas Motloung, are unavailable due to injuries. Even City’s number one goalkeeper George Chigova is still out on injury. On the derby, the former AmaZulu coach hopes his lads can pull a double against their rivals this season. The last time these two neighbours clashed in a league match, City managed to win bragging rights after they beat Leopards 1-0, with Mbonani scoring the only goal with sacked Zlatko Krmpotic still in charge at Thohoyandou Stadium on 4 August last year. “We’re left with eight key league matches, starting today,” said Larsen. “We have to fight for nothing but three points. We want to win this derby and continue with our winning form against Leopards. Victory will go a long way for us. Added Larsen: “The good thing is we’re playing at home. It’s not easy to play Leopards in Thohoyandou. So, we have to make use of home-field advantage.” Leopards coach Allan Clark is also hoping for a win and to see his team move away from the danger zone. “This is a derby and we’re both fighting to move away from the danger zone,” said Clark. “Good thing, when it comes to the derby, players get motivated by their own. The players want to win for the fans to have bragging rights at the end of the game. What’s more important is three points.” Leopards and City are at relegation zone with same 20 points.