The Khayelitsha Development Forum chairperson Ndithini Tyhido has called people to abide to the called by President Cyril Ramaphosa to stay indoors for 21 days. Despite the calls by the president, there are people who simply ignored the lock down rules and went about with their businesses on the streets. “The Khayelitsha Development Forum notes with utter disgust the behavior displayed by some within our communities of attempting to interpret the regulations as published by the people's government and still engaging in activities that seeks to dodge the regulations at great risk to themselves and others,” said Tyhido. The chairperson raised concerns over the challenges faced by street vendors due to lock down and has called the government for assistance. “As we welcome the various interventions by different government departments we wish to draw the attention of the department of small businesses development to the plight and possible inhalation of the street vendors (one stand) in our township and the related threat posed by the business as usual attitude displayed by some of the Somali shopkeepers,” added Tyhido.  Hundreds of shoppers queue outside retail giant Shoprite in Maitland, Mfuleni, and Goal Stores in Philippi and Khayelitsha had huge queues. Speaking to Daily Sun, one shopper Thoko Msuthu said they drove to Maitland from Langa because the one in their kasi was too full. "I realised that I was going to spend the whole day on the queue hence I decided to ask my brother to drive me here. I couldn't buy the grocery because I was busy at work till yesterday evening," she said. After two first deaths cause by coronavirus in South Africa took place in Western Cape, Cape Town mayor Dan Plato called people to stay indoors and stop risking lives of others. “Please, stay indoors and only go out for the essentials. If you do not follow the rules, you will be arrested, and I am sure nobody wants to spend the lock down in a cold jail cell instead of in their homes,” said Plato. ANC’s Provincial Coordinator Ronalda Nalumango encouraging people to adhere to lock-down protocol: “In Western Cape we have lost two lives because of this virus, we would like to extend our condolences to the two families, and we pray that God be with them during these difficult times. To the residents of Western Cape, we should know that coronavirus is real, for the love of one another, lets stay home to avoid the spread of this virus,” said Nalumango.