THEY say kids often worry more about their family than themselves. Therefore, it was hardly surprising to hear my five-year-old lay out the battle plan for the Covid-19 outbreak. In fact, for someone her age, she seems to know more about the epidemic than some of the grown-ups I’ve listened to on radio and TV. The little princess has given me clear instructions of the dos and don’ts at work, amid rising figures of coronavirus infections. I reckon the same goes for many households as Mzansi grapples with the mystery disease threatening to wipe out humanity. But one would expect better from our government leaders, in a way of thoughtful and judicious comments, and not the gobbledygook being spewed out by some in public. From wrong interpretation to distortion, our Minister of Sports has been putting his foot in it! Perhaps to appear relevant to the sporting community in the time of coronavirus crisis, Nathi Mthethwa has been contacting federations and associations. What’s funny is that the same organisations are observing strict measures to curb the spread of the deadly virus as instructed by the President, who is his superior. Yet the minister has chosen to follow misguided TV reports that suggest the annual Comrades Marathon, for example, is going ahead as planned, despite the government’s position. There is nothing of that sort. The statement from the Comrades Marathon Association (CMA) on coronavirus is quite clear. The CMA board has not necessarily cancelled the annual Ultimate Human Race yet. But they are also not confirming whether the event will go ahead as planned. “The board will review the situation by 17 April and advised athletes and stakeholders on the way forward, depending on the status of the virus in the country at the time,” read the statement from CMA. Now, what is there not to understand, Mr Minister? What prompted your ill-advised tweet on the matter without a full comprehension of the facts? Couldn’t you first seek advice from relevant athletics officials before tagging south Australia athletics? Your views on the PSL suspension of matches are mind-baffling. It was rather prudent of the PSL to follow government’s instruction and cancel fixtures indefinitely. For you to contradict the PSL and Safa’s stance on the outbreak shows a lack of consultation on your part and a level of incoherence… as to be laughable, if it were not all so appalling. Consultation is invariably key, particularly in matters which you hardly deal with on a daily basis. The sooner you surround yourself with people who are well-versed on matters related to your portfolio, the better. Your comments in this time of crisis are not only hugely embarrassing, but they also say a lot about your understanding of your role. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso