AYANDA Dlamini’s destiny as AmaZulu head coach lies in his own hands, if Lunga Sokhela’s appreciation comments yesterday are to be taken seriously. The AmaZulu general manager told SunSport that they will keep supporting Dlamini in his adventure as caretaker coach, following the suspension of Jozef Vukusic who has been placed on “special leave”. In fact, should Dlamini save AmaZulu from possible relegation and “the team carries on to win and play well, there is no need to change the coach”. “Why fix it if it is not broken?” asked the Usuthu boss. Sokhela said the weekend’s shock 1-0 win against Kaizer Chiefs, in a top-versus-bottom Absa Premiership showdown at the FNB Stadium, was a “confidence booster”. “Winning against log leaders means the boys brought their A-game on the day,” said Sokhela. “The boys are now in high spirits, thanks to Ayanda. We need to fight and turn the corner. But remember, one win does not change anything... we need more points” But in their case, victory against Chiefs added three points to their kitty to 23 points from 24 matches, moving them to 15th place, something that Black Leopards failed to do when they lost 2-0 to Baroka FC also on Saturday. Leopards now sit bottom of the table with 20 points, but have a match in hand. When asked about Vukusic’s latest position on his “special leave”, Sokhela said the decision lies with their chairman, Patrick Sokhela, on what will happen to the Slovakian. “The chairman is looking into the coach’s matter,” he said. The future of the five suspended senior players –Lehlohonolo Majoro‚ Jabulani Ncobeni‚ Michael Morton‚ Thembela Sikhakhane and Nhlanhla Vilakazi – is still unknown. Sokhela clarified the matter which was a “joint decision” taken by the Vukusic’s technical team and the club management. “There also the chairman will decide,” he said. Dlamini at the weekend appreciated the support from Sokhela senior: “It means a lot.” “He loves this team and to see it at the bottom is not good. He called me to say he will give all the support we need. This is good to hear,” Dlamini said about his conversation with Sokhela senior. Dlamini managed to lead Usuthu to their third win against Chiefs in the PSL era, their first since 2007. The former Usuthu striker was delighted with how his players received him and applied his game plan against a tough opponent. “It was a very good win,” said Dlamini at the weekend. “We needed it. We were very desperate for this result. We were at the bottom and played against the best team in the league, so we knew it was going to be very difficult. But the boys showed good fighting spirit. We told them to play with confidence and keep the ball as much as possible. “You could understand that this was my first PSL game as a coach and we were playing a top team in the league. But the boys showed a great attitude.” They are determined to stave off relegation, and with the support of everyone at the KZN club, Dlamini is confident he can keep Usuthu up this season.