AWARD-WINNING gospel artist Dr Tumi has offered to work at government hospitals during the lockdown. The No Other God hitmaker’s soothing worship songs have earned him a huge following, but he’s now come out to offer his medical services for free during the coronavirus pandemic. The musician, whose real name is Tumisang Makweya, from Seshego in Limpopo, took to Twitter on Tuesday night to make himself available to assist the healthcare system during the lockdown. “I want to play a part in helping our government with the fight against the coronavirus. Starting tomorrow I’ll be volunteering my time for free working at one of the local hospitals at their Covid-19 units during the 21 days,” he tweeted. Dr Tumi told Daily Sun he felt there was no direct help coming forth to fight the disease. “I decided to volunteer because I thought we are not directly helping and I think it’s necessary to involve private doctors so they can offer their services as well,” he said. After studying medicine at Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University, for six years, Dr Tumi left the public sector in 2011 to join the private sector and recently opened a surgery in Polokwane.  The gospel star said the outbreak disrupted his music plans. “Everything was shut down on my side when the outbreak started getting worse before the restrictions. But it’s a time to rest, even though it’s forced a one. I’m willing to go out and help because I believe in helping others,” he said. He urged his fans and the public to comply with the government’s regulations. “It’s important we understand that the sooner we co-operate, the better it will be to manage the disease. Stay home and look after yourself and your neighbours while you practise safe hygiene,” he stressed.  Dr Tumi’s fans took to social media to hail him for his contribution. @Kay_Mcobothi said: “We appreciate your help Dr and thank you for your kindness and love you have for your country.” “You are doing what you were sworn to do in times like these. Same as retired soldiers who are called when needed. Thank you, Doc,” Thobela Nkatu wrote on Twitter.