 ONCE an unemployed rural farmer, Nokwanda Nkqayi (64) is now one among thousands of women who have been empowered to become agri-entrepreneurs. This through the Cape Town-based AgriPlanner Programme. The programme is a joint initiative between the SA Institute for Entrepreneurship and Coronation Fund Managers. To date, the programme has helped over 5 000 emerging farmers – 65% of whom are women. It also forms part of Coronation’s Growing Entrepreneurs initiative. Nokwanda has been working at the Siyazama Community Food Garden in Khayelitsha since 2004. Prior to this, she and three other women and two men were unemployed and new to the city. She said: “The municipality gave us this land to farm and we’ve received AgriPlanner training. We grow peppers, kale, cabbages, leeks, rockets and herbs, among other crops.” The organic food garden supplies produce to hotels, restaurants, retailers and families in Cape Town, through a vegetable box ordering programme. Each farmer has gone from only farming to feeding themselves and their families, to earning an average income of between R8 000 and R12 000 per month. The AgriPlanner training equips participants with the knowledge and skills needed to become successful farmers. “I am much healthier from eating these organic vegetables and getting exercise every day. It has also empowered me. I was unemployed, but now I have a variety of skills and a steady income. I was able to send my kids to school. “I also take veggies to the poor, sick and elderly in the community, and five schools each have a patch of land here that the children farm with our help,” she said. The Coronation Growing Entrepreneurs programme aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and South Africa’s National Development Plan, to address food security, inequality, poverty and environmental sustainability. Said Coronation CEO Anton Pillay: “Farmers play an important role in local communities, including creating jobs, adding to food security and benefitting the local economy. “Climate change and a lack of training and business support are some of the challenges they face. Hence we offer local food growers practical training and entrepreneurial support.”