HERE is a scenario for you. The month is May and the PSL season is nearly over. At the bottom half of the Absa Premiership table the dogfight is in full swing with as many as five teams sucked into the relegation whirlpool. Panicky club bosses are sweating. Nothing beats the fear of relegation, not even the deadly coronavirus. Chippa Mpengesi does it again. The trigger-happy Chippa United boss has just moved swiftly to fire Dan Malesela, who, 48 hours ago, took over from Cavin Johnson. Johnson replaced Dylan Kerr, who replaced Jozef Vukusic, Vukusic who replaced interim Mbuyiselo Sambo, who stood in after Ian Palmer was replaced by interim coach Rhulani Mokwena, who took the reins from Norman Mapeza after the latter resigned as coach Chilli Boys, who are now starring relegation in the face. It is not different at Black Leopards where club supremo David Thidiela has been ill-advised to bring back Luc Eymael to Mzansi as he sought continuity and stability in his ill-fated bid to escape the dreaded axe. Thidiela has dangled a juicy carrot (in the form of petrol vouchers) in front of his players, supposedly as motivation in a desperate bid to stave off the ultimate threat of relegation disaster. AmaZulu, meanwhile, have sweet-talked “old dog” Clive Barker out of retirement, having suspended the entire technical team, 10 of their players and lately the kit manager reportedly for having lost Barker’s dentures and a walking stick.The club would not confirm the developments, but speculation is now rife. Bernard Molekwa is back in charge at Polokwane City, though he continues to be undermined by long-serving skipper Jabu Maluleke, who is calling the shots on the instruction of anxious club bosses. Across town, Kgoloko Thobejane is linked with troubled Baroka FC. However, Thobejane is stalling on a deal, demanding an evergreen clause in his contract. Once bitten twice shy! Down at the winelands, Stellenbosch have finally run out of patience and have jettisoned Steve Barker with two games left. Barker, though, is not taking the decision lying down and has complained to the PSL, who have referred the matter to the Dispute Resolution Chamber. This scenario played out in my head as the musical chairs games began to take shape this week. From the suspension of Vukusic at AmaZulu, the resignation of Mapeza to Rhulani’s “loan-move” switch to Chippa United... the circus has rolled into town. Come one, come all. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso