Following the President’s Coronavirus
(COVID-19) address, South African companies are hurriedly putting social
distancing policies in place to keep employees safe.  Helene Vermaak,
Business Director at corporate cultural experts The Human Edge, says that even though
businesses are acting with agility, some employees may not be able to do the
same.  “Many employees may find working from home challenging, as they may
not be equipped to deal with these changes.” One of the key attributes required when
working from home is the ability for teams to collaborate, but unfortunately
many leaders are unprepared for managing remote teams.  “We know that
change in any form can have a destructive streak, weakening work
commitment.  The key to avoiding the destructive streak that change can
leave on an organisation is for the leadership team to build a burning level of
job commitment, as soon as possible,” says Vermaak. Vermaak says that over the past three
decades The Human Edge and its’ US business affiliate VitalSmarts, has found
that the success of any team is determined by the speed and quality of
communication between colleagues.  Teams need to be able to hold candid
and effective conversations, without emotions and politics, to ensure higher
morale and results.  “In the wake of COVID-19, establishing these norms
and skills with teams that are facing new ‘rules’, new spaces and heightened
emotions is vital,” says Vermaak. Leaders are going to need to be able to
manage in the moment and repair what the change is damaging or destroying.
Vermaak says that they are going to need to move quickly, because high velocity
change places heavy demands on organisations and as such they need employees
who invest themselves fully in their work and deliver powerful results. Managers need to ensure that there is
transparent and timely communication, so that employees are not guessing or
wondering. Vermaak says that when distance and technology are suddenly thrown
into the mix, the influence that managers have over their team’s ability to
engage in dialogue and create a collaborative and healthy culture is
significant and should not be underestimated. Vermaak shares the below best practices
for managing remote teams: Companies requiring assistance in
acquiring the skills to manage remote employees or to fire up commitment during
the change, should contact The Human Edge.  