Social grant payments for the elderly and people with disabilities
is in full swing as Mzansi enters Day 4 of the 21-day lockdown to curb
coronavirus. In preparation for the lockdown, social security agency -
SASSA - announced that grants for the elderly and people with disabilities will
be paid from 30 - 31 March 2020. The Social security agency’s decision to pay grants
earlier is in response to the State of National Disaster, as announced by
President Ramaphosa on 15 March 2020. On Monday, Social Development Minister Lindiwe Zulu,
together with SASSA CEO Totsie Memela, Acting MEC Panyaza Lesufi and
Communications and Digital Technologies Minister Stella Ndabeni-Abrahams,
visited SASSA pay points around Gauteng to ensure that precautions are in place
for the protection of beneficiaries against COVID-19. By 9:30am on Monday morning, SASSA said about R1 million
in grants had been paid at Post Offices, ATMs and retail stores. Grant beneficiaries collecting their grants observed good
hygiene by washing hands and social distancing protocols by maintaining 1 metre
distance from each other or more. Ahead of payment of social grants, Transport Minister
Fikile Mbalula amended the public transport directions under the National State
of Disaster. “Following the announcement by President Cyril Ramaphosa
on the days social grants would be paid, a number of industry bodies have made
representations on the relaxation of hours [in which] public transport vehicles
are allowed to operate,” said the Minister on Sunday. Under the current lockdown aimed at slowing the spread of
COVID-19, public modes of transport are allowed to operate from 5am - 9am and
again from 4pm - 8pm. As of Monday, these hours were upscaled to accommodate
grant beneficiaries. “Effective from tomorrow, 30 March 2020 until Friday, 3
April 2020, buses and taxis will be permitted to operate from 5am until 8pm in
order to cater to the transportation needs of society’s most vulnerable,” said
Mbalula. A similar request to relax the hours was made by the
Minister of Social Development, Lindiwe Zulu. “Having considered Minister Zulu’s request and
representations made by various industry bodies, including the taxi industry, I
have decided to amend the Public Transport Directions in order to accommodate
grant beneficiaries,” said Mbalula. Other beneficiaries will be able to access their grants
from 1 April 2020. 