FRESH from eliminating Kaizer Chiefs from the Nedbank Cup Last-16, Highlands Park are planning to turn their home ground at Makhulong Stadium into a fortress. Coach Owen Da Gama’s boys want to make things difficult for visiting teams. Defender Ryan Rae says Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba have brought that fear factor for teams that are coming to Tembisa. The Ekurhuleni-based outfit dumped Amakhosi 5-4 on penalties after their cuptie ended 1-1 after 120 minutes on Saturday. They were rewarded with a home tie against Mamelodi Sundowns in the quarter-finals that will be played on the weekend of 14-15 March. But Rae is relishing the big match against the league champions. The hard-tackling defender says they are not scared of the Brazilians. The Tshwane giants are yet to visit Makhulong Stadium this season, but they have been warned to expect a tough time when they play Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba in Tembisa. Downs broke Highlands’hearts in an earlier league game when they scored a dramatic added time winner at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Tshwane. Rae has not forgotten about that painful loss and he wants them to pay for what they have done to them when they meet in Tembisa in the cup. “Any team that comes to Makhulong will sweat. Sundowns must know that,” warned Rae. “We will give them a tough time. We are motivated for this game. We just can’t wait.” But before they can start to worry about their big showdown with Sundowns in Tembisa, Highlands have an Absa Premiership game against Golden Arrows at Sugar Ray Xulu in Durban on Saturday (3.30pm). They are unbeaten in their past three league matches having collected seven out of a possible nine points. Da Gama’s charges occupy seventh place with 30 points from 22 games. “Our objective is to finish in the top eight and so far, we are on the right track. We want to be competitive in the league. We are working hard and pushing each other to get good results.” Siyabengena Siyabahlaba drew 2-2 with Bidvest Wits in their previous league outing. The 28-year-old added that they’re taking one game at a time. He concluded: “If we stop working hard, we won’t get anywhere in this tough league. The league is important, and we are motivated for the Arrows game.”