THE long wait for Ukhozi FM’s Summer Song and Song of the Year will end tomorrow. The songs were supposed to be named on New Year’s Eve but the announcement was put on hold after Owen Ndlovu lodged a court interdict, claiming the concept was stolen from him. However, the case was withdrawn in late January. Speaking to Daily Sun yesterday, Owen said he was aware the station would be playing the song but, he warned the SABC it was inviting trouble. KATLEGO DANKE BAGS NEW ACTING GIG “The voting of the song is my property. It’s my concept. If SABC goes ahead and uses my property without my consent, I will make sure I sue,” he said. Owen said the DJs announcing the song would also be in trouble. “I have decided to sue the DJs and then the SABC. Anyone who uses my concept without my agreement will suffer the consequences. Any DJ who announces the song will be targeted. The idea is my propery and remains so.” The broadcaster’s acting spokeswoman, Mmoni Seapolelo, said: “The SABC is pleased to announce that its radio station Ukhozi FM will finally be revealing the results of its Ingoma Ehlukanisa Unyaka campaign. “On the 31st of December 2019, the campaign was brought to an abrupt halt by a court interdict through an application brought against the SABC. The court application was subsequently withdrawn in January,” said Seapolelo. She said following the abandoned court application, it was important for the station to deliver on its promise to announce the results as it had been done for decades. LASIZWE'S CORONAVIRUS JOKES HAS TWITTER IN STITCHES! “On 13 March from 3pm to 6pm, the station will be recreating New Year’s Eve, with the actual Top 10 songs as voted for by listeners and audited by external auditors.” She said the programme would be hosted by presenters Tshatha and Selby, who were the crossover hosts on 31 December. The winning entry, as voted for by listeners, will receive R50 000, the runner -up will receive R30 000 and the third place recipient will get R20 000.