HLOMPHO Kekana fits the profile of a player SuperSport United are looking to bring in and fill a potential void in the centre of midfield. With Dean Furman leaving the club at the end of the season, the Tshwane outfit are looking to recruit a suitable replacement and build a team to win the league next season. Kekana’s future remains uncertain as his contract with Mamelodi Sundowns ends in June. He is yet to sign an extension on his current deal and is currently free to negotiate with any club. United coach Kaitano Tembo would not be drawn on their interest in Kekana as he is contracted to another club. But he did not rule out the possibility of them joining the bid for the midfield fulcrum, who possesses vast international experience. “I can’t talk about Hlompho because he is a Sundowns player. We don’t know what is going on with his contract negotiations there,” said Tembo. “But anything can happen in football but at the moment, we are not thinking about that.” Furman is on record as saying he is headed back to Europe, where he came four years ago. “My contract is up at the end of the season and the thinking is to go back overseas,” said Furman. “I’m sure I’ll have a chat with the CEO (Stan Matthews) and the chairman (Khulu Sibiya). “But yes, I’m going back to the United Kingdom.” This leaves Tembo with a gaping hole to fill as Furman performed dual roles also as skipper for Matsatsantsa. But they will have to seriously test the resolve of Sundowns, who are keen to keep the Bafana Bafana international. Downs coach Pitso Mosimane has admitted his holding midfielder was ageing and the team needed a long-term successor. Yet he is unlikely to let his longest-serving player go. Kekana, known for his ability to score spectacular long-range goals, has also expressed his wish to remain with the Tshwane giants with whom he has a glittering career, winning the Caf Champions League and several domestic titles, including four league titles. “I can’t talk now because we are busy with negotiations,” Kekana was quoted as saying. “It’s a place I always wanted to be at. I’m enjoying my football here.”