THE annual Standard Bank cricket Regional Performance Centres (RPC) National U16 Week gets underway in Potchefstroom. The cricket development Week, which continues to support - growth and development cricket in the country ensuring that young cricketers are provided with quality facilities and training programmes, will start on 22 March and end on the 27th. Cricket SA Mass Participation manager David Mokopanele believes the sponsorship of young cricketers has enabled them to develop quality star players over the years. "For our country to produce quality cricketers, they need to be equipped with the necessary facilities and to take part in various tournaments to build their techniques and confidence,”said Mokopanele. “We recently had Tyrese Karelse, Odirile Modimokwane and Siyabulela Plaatjie who were selected as part of the U19 SA squad during the Cricket World Cup 2020.This is evidence that the Standard Bank RPC programme is beneficial to the young cricketers.” This is with the view of reshaping the cricketing landscape and change lives through developing the raw skills of the kids from non-traditional feeder-systems. Cricket South Africa saw an increased number of youngsters produced from the RPC at the recent School Weeks. From the 266 players chosen to represent the various provinces during the 2018 tournaments, the number improved to 337 RPC/Hubs players for the weeks that took place in December 2019. Standard Bank Group Head of Sponsorship, Desiree Pooe believes that investing in cricket development ensures that proper measures are put in place to enable young cricketers to get access to opportunities that will propel them to reach their full potential in their craft. "Our collaboration with the RPC Programme over the years has demonstrated our passion in cricket development at grass roots level by facilitating the journey from an RPC player to a senior Protea star.”  Group A: Boland, Free State and Northern Cape Group B: Border, Kwa-Zulu Natal and Northerns Group C: Easterns, South Western District   and Western Province Group D: Eastern Province, Gauteng and Mpumalanga