 He was sitting under a tree while his wife was painting a wall in a backroom. But their qyuiet Friday afternoon was soon disturbed by gunshots. JUST WHEN THE MATLALAS THOUGHT IT WAS OVER, THEY HEARD ANOTHER BANG AND SOON FOUND A CASH VAN IN THEIR YARD! Now their home has been damaged and they’re traumatised. And they had just moved into their new home last month in Soshanguve block KK, north of Tshwane, thinking they would have peace of mind. Joel (60) said he thought it was a car exhaust when he first heard the gunshots. “I then heard a huge bang, which made me check what was going on. To my shock, there was a G4S cash van in my yard,” he said. He said at first he thought it was the police but realised it was a cash van. “I saw a black sedan and 10 people whose heads were covered. Two men from G4S were lying on the ground. I was scared and joined my wife in the backroom,” he said. Joel said he and his wife Beauty (59) heard another sound. “It was a huge bang. They were bombing the van, which broke our two windows,” he said. “We didn’t know what was going on and didn’t want to die. So we hid in the house.” He said the whole incident felt as if they were watching a movie. “We were scared we might get killed for something that didn’t concern us,” said Joel. “When the thugs fled, we went to the scene and found a crowd watching.” Beauty said their house was damaged. “Our wall was hit and the other part looks like it’s going to collapse soon. Two windows were broken and bullets hit our house,” she said. “We stood there and watched residents rush to the scene. We didn’t take anything because we don’t believe in taking things that don’t belong to us.” Beauty said they were supposed to be enjoying their new house, but now this. “We get scared when we hear sounds from the street thinking it might happen again,” she said. She said they didn’t feel safe and needed help to fix their damaged property. “We don’t have money to fix something that didn’t even involve us,” she said. Residents in the area said they heard gunshots and looked through their windows. One resident who witnessed the incident said: “The G4S van was pushed to the wall and the robbers fired gunshots at the guards. “They then bombed the van and took out four bags. One was thrown on the ground and residents picked up some cash. “I think that was a strategy to get away from cops.” “I don’t know how many they were, but some of them were women. They fled with bags of money,” said another resident. Police spokeswoman Colonel Brenda Muridili said a security vehicle was forced off the road by a white Honda Ballade at block KK fourway stop. “The vehicle crashed into a wall of a house. An Audi A4 and Amarok also joined in,” he said. “An unknown number of suspects allegedly used explosives to blow up the cash van and fled the scene with an undisclosed amount of money. One of the guards was shot in the stomach.” She appealed to anyone with information to call CrimeStop on 08600 10111. “All information received will be treated with confidentiality,” said Muridili.