 He makes women go weak for a living! And when he gets on stage, ladies scream with joy over his six pack and strong arms. Some can't even contain themselves when they see his sexy dance moves. This is because Mduduzi "Cardbury" Zwane is a male stripper and is the talk of the town.  The 26-year-old from Atteridgeville Tshwane, told Daily Sun his job was to entertain women and make them feel good about themselves. He said he started being a stripper when he was in matric. “I didn’t think I was going to be a stripper. I was first a bouncer at local pubs and clubs.  “One day my boss told me some business women wanted me to entertain them during their seminar,” he said. Cardbury said he considered the offer as the money was more than what he made as a bouncer. “I did as they asked, but was clueless about stripping, so I just took off my clothes. “After the show, they asked for my business card and advised me to strip full time.  “I haven’t looked back since,” Cardbury told the People’s Paper. He said most of his clients were older women. “I get hired for private parties if I am not doing events or performing in clubs. “My private sessions are expensive, but I cannot disclose the exact amount I make,” said Cardbury. He said some women sometimes asked for a happy ending, but he refused as that was not part of his job. He said his family was very supportive of his job.     “This thing allows me to support my two children and my woman. “My family has accepted it, although my mum didn’t understand at first. “She thought I was possessed because I used to go to church a lot,” he said. He said the job didn’t affect his relationship with his girlfriend. “I am going to pay lobola next year because my girlfriend supports me. “She sometimes markets me for gigs,” he said. Cardbury ’s girlfriend, Florence Makutu (25), said she was 100% behind her man. “I support him because he isn’t doing anything wrong. He is passionate and loves what he does,” she said She said her boyfriend was very open. “We never fight about what he does because he always updates me about everything that happens,” said Florence. Cardbury’s brother, Elphus (39), said the family was also supportive.  “We support him now, even though we didn’t understand at first. We support him because he loves what he does,” he said. Cardbury said he was training a group of young men to become strippers. He said the only challenge he faced was people opening fake accounts using his pictures. “People used my identity to scam others and that is not good for my brand,” he said. “Everyone is welcome, even men, so they can learn how to entertain their women.”