Aries (Mar 20 -
Apr 19) Self: Don’t try
and rush certain matters before they are ripe and ready. Impatience won’t help
right now. Mind: Be
careful of what you say on impulse. Other people don’t share your sense of
humour. Work: If you
try and finish your work in too much of a hurry, you’ll probably make a few
mistakes. Slow down! Taurus (Apr 20
- May 20) Love: Measuring
your relationship by a friend’s standards is a mistake that you shouldn’t make. Mind: Wisdom is
knowledge that has been combined with the power of experience and
contemplation. Self: Look at
the overall picture of life and not at isolated moments that were happy or sad.  Gemini (May 21
- Jun 20)  Home: Daily
duties may demand more of your attention and older children may become
financially dependent on you for a short while.  Life: The
confidence that you feel spills into all areas of your life, while objectivity
helps you to see every side of a situation.  Fun: Feed your
adventurous spirit with a good book or movie. 
.   Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul
22) Life: Planning an event may involve more effort than expected. Work out a schedule and consult with someone who has a practical approach. Money: Curb a tendency to overspend if you’re bored. It may lead to regret later. Self: Don’t believe everything you hear. You’ll gain understanding about a topic that interests you if you research it. Leo (Jul 23 -
Aug 22) Money: Settle
an old debt. It’s important to pay what you owe and start with a clean slate. Self: Making an
excuse for a lack of attention to detail at work is simply not good enough. Mind: Force
yourself to concentrate on the smaller nuances of a plan. Virgo (Aug 23 -
Sep 22) Love:
Your relationship decisions shouldn’t be discussed with friends that are mere
acquaintances. Self:
The question is not what will please everyone else but what will please and
satisfy you? Life:
Recall the last time you were really happy. What were you doing? You need to do
more of that! Libra
(Sep 23-Oct 22) Work:
Partnership is a better idea than self-reliance and lonely decisions. Make work
a team effort. Life:
The solution that was workable twenty years ago isn’t relevant anymore! Mind:
What you need is some new ideas and a lot of forward planning. Be creative and
different. Scorpio (Oct 23
- Nov 21) Self: You may
change your mind but you’ll need to explain why to everybody else. Life: As much
as you have a right to know so do others. Secrets are not always a good thing. Mind: Don’t hold
onto information because you think others won’t understand. Keep everyone
informed. Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21)  Work: Preparation
is important now. Don’t go to a meeting without your notes and your diary.  Mind: Looks can
be deceiving so ask for credentials before you judge a person’s ability.  Money: Persistence
is your keyword. You cannot expect rewards without doing some hard work first.   Capricorn (Dec
22 - Jan 20)  Social: It is
up to you to choose to believe a rumour. Can you trust the messenger?  Love: Thinking
too deeply about an imagined difference won’t add a positive slant to your
relationship.  Life: Opposites
attract for a reason. What you lack you will seek in a partner.   Aquarius (Jan
21 - Feb 18)  Money: Immature
decisions will cost a fortune to fix in the future. Don’t buy an item unless
you need it.  Life: Have you
asked yourself what makes a brand name t-shirt better than a chain-store
version?  Self: Common
sense cannot be imparted to you by anybody else. Experience is a great teacher.   Pisces (Feb 19
- Mar 19)  Love: Are you
being valued for yourself or for the financial things that you can give to your
lover?  Life: True love
is kind, understanding and sharing. Not demanding, stressful or critical.  Self: Inner
confidence will reflect in your ability to be assertive instead of aggressive. 