THE SA Football Association (Safa) boss Danny Jordaan will on Tuesday afternoon meet Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa in a debriefing session about the state of football in the country, where all events are cancelled indefinitely. There has been fear of the Coronavirus infections since the outbreak early this month in South Africa, and President Cyril Ramaphosa's emergency address to the nation on Sunday threw panic all over the country when he declared a national state of disaster due to the contagious virus. The PSL cancelled all matches with immediate effect on Monday when chairman Irvin Khoza convene an emergency executive committee (Exco) and addressed the media. The two big matches that were postponed included an Absa Premiership catch-up match against Orlando Pirates at Loftus Versfeld Stadium, which was scheduled for Tuesday night; and Bidvest Wits were due to visit Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Wednesday night. According to Safa, a delegation led by Jordaan will give a report and update on the impact of the Coronavirus on football. At the international level, the delegation will explain measures taken by Fifa, Uefa and Leagues in Europe including the English Premier League, LaLiga in Spain and Serie A in Italy as well as the Uefa Champions League. "At the continental level, the Safa delegation will explain to Mthethwa measures taken by the continental body, CAF in relation to Senior Men’s Afcon qualifiers for Cameroon 2021 and the Fifa World Cup 2022 qualifiers in Qatar, the Women’s AWCON 2020 and 2023 Fifa Women’s World Cup qualifiers, Tokyo Olympics in 2020, the FIFA World Cup U20 Women’s qualification, as well as the U17 Women’s Fifa World Cup qualifiers," Safa said in a statement on Tuesday. "Safa further notes that CAF issued a statement on Monday evening postponing the CHAN tournament which was scheduled for Cameroon in April; postponement of the WFS Africa which was a cooperation that included the KZN Provincial government, Safa and Spanish LaLiga. The WFS Africa was supposed to take place this week in Durban’s ICC."  Mthethwa will also be briefed on the postponement of club football at all levels in the country;postponement of the Fifa Congress and other international football-related engagements. "Safa said attempts to play football in empty stadiums was not achieving the desired results "after three players in Serie A tested positive in the process". "The positive testing of players and coaches in Europe is a particular concern for Safa and these matters will be raised with the Minister," Safa said.