TWO young women who were part of the group of South Africans repatriated from Wuhan,China are finally home with their loved ones after more than two months in lockdown. Perseverance Sepheso and Balekang Sedumedi were welcomed back home in Rustenburg today by the North West premier Job Mokgoro and Social development MEC Boitumelo Moiloa. Perseverance  said she went to Wuhan  in 2017 as a foreign manager for a language training school.  She said the first time she heard about the virus she did not really know what this thing was all about but soon realised it was a serious matter.   “All you need is one infected person. One person can entirely wipe-out the community  and that is why it is important to comply to the lockdown,” she said. Balekani  who went there to study said South Africans must know that at this point  its was just a matter of  complying or die.“If not we are definitely looking at many deaths,” she said after realising that back here in South Africa people were not complying. She said she  had mixture of emotions coming back home.  “I am battling to settle. I am  ecstatic to be home,” she said. “ I was worried that I might never get a chance to get back home. I wanted to be home should the unfortunate thing happen,” she said.  Her mother Daisy Sedumedi said she was happy she is back home. “I was more stressed when she was in China. I am more relieved now that she is back home. It was also her father’s birthday. Social development MEC Boitumelo Moiloa said she will assist where she can. Premier Job Mokgoro welcomed them and said he was happy that they came back home safe. "For months, they have been in lockdown, first in Wuhan for some 51 days and then in Polokwane for 14 days. They have been unable to be with their loved ones, unable to leave their living quarters and uncertain about when their ordeal would end." "When we add the remaining 17 days that South Africa will be under lockdown, they will have been under lockdown for 82 days." On Sunday President Cyril Ramaphosa visited the two women and the other 112 South Africans they had been quarantined with at The Ranch hotel in Polokwane ,Limpopo.It marked the end of a long and lonely journey of being in distress in two countries.The president said in this weekly Monday morning newsletter , "For months, they have been in lockdown, first in Wuhan for some 51 days and then in Polokwane for 14 days. They have been unable to be with their loved ones, unable to leave their living quarters and uncertain about when their ordeal would end." "When we add the remaining 17 days that South Africa will be under lockdown, they will have been under lockdown for 82 days."