MZANSI’S amateur boxing regulator, the South African National Boxing Organisation (Sanabo) has suffered a knockout blow and left with a bleeding nose. The entire Sanabo executive committee has resigned, SunSport can confirm. This comes after the organisation failed to send the SA boxing team to the African qualifiers for Japan 2020 Olympics Games in Senegalese capital Dakar last month. In a further development, the Council of Provinces met this week with the South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) to map the way forward and form strong team to take over from the resigned Sanabo executive. The Council of Provinces is made up of the executive members of Mzansi’s amateur boxing provinces, including trainers and officials. Leading the pack is the Eastern Cape Amateur Boxing Organisation president Vuyolethu Mtekwana. The boxing trainer believes the resignation by the executive members under the leadership of president Andile Mofu will help them clean up the mess and move forward. “I don’t feel let down by their resignations,” Mtekwana said. “I see it as a right opportunity to start afresh. It is clear that we were led by people who lack vision. The executive did nothing during their tenure,” said Mtekwana. Mtekwana explained that the former Sanabo executive had lost the plot by signing a clause with Sascoc that states that local boxers will only use World qualifiers to book their places at Olympic Games. “World qualifiers are the toughest competition compared with the African ones. That was their blunder, which meant they were undermining our continent, as a leader you don’t do that,” he said. “There are countries who were liberated before us and have been competing on the international level but still use African qualifiers to book their places at the Olympic Games. “Before setting such high standards you look at the quality of athletes you have and also the established infrastructure that match such levels,” he added. According to a well respected amateur trainer, they are hoping to establish a task team to continue with the development of amateur boxing. The executive committee who have resigned Mofu , Pretty Tsotetsi (General Secretary) Elizabeth Bosman (Deputy General Secretary) Ezekiel Hlosao (Treasure) Catherine Mashiloane (PRO). Meanwhile, getting comment from both the resigned executive committee and Sascoc drew a blank.