STRIKER Knox Mutizwa is devastated by the chaotic state of affairs in his country Zimbabwe’s football affairs. The Zimbabwe Football Association (Zifa) were informed by the Confederations of African football (Caf) that they can’t host matches, including the upcoming Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers. Zifa’s statement read, in part: “The Zimbabwe Football Association would like to inform the football fraternity and the nation that it has received correspondence from the Confederation of African Football that our stadiums do not meet Confederation of African Football (Caf) standards to host international matches. “The decision by Caf comes against the background of a Caf stadium inspection, which was conducted in November 2019 and the subsequent inspection report circulated on 1 December, which stipulated areas of improvement for our three stadiums, Barbourfields, Mandava and the National Sports Stadium, to be fully homologated.” With this ban coming with immediate effect, this means Zimbabwe, who have qualified for the last two Afcon editions, will host Africa champions Algeria on 27 March “in the neighbouring countries” according to Zifa. There’s also a possibility that this will affect their 2022 World Cup qualifiers in October. Zimbabwe were pitted against South Africa, Ethiopia and Ghana in Group C. Mutizwa, who has been deadly in front of goals for PSL side Golden Arrows, said this would hamper their chances of qualifying for the Afcon next year in Cameroon. Said Mutizwa: “As players, we’re affected. We want to play our home games – at home. It’s not nice. Everyone was sad to hear this, but there’s nothing we can do.” The association has started the process of searching for an alternative venue in neighbouring countries to host upcoming matches. Mzansi have been touted as the nation to host Djamel Belmadi’s side. The 26-year-old Muitzwa said it won’t be a problem to play the game in South Africa, as many of their players already ply their trades in the PSL. “Zifa said they might play the game in SA. “I feel it’ll still give us an advantage but not 100%,” said Mutizwa, who was part of Sunday Chidzambwa’s Warriors squad at the 2019 Afcon.