GERT Coetzee, a pharmacist and diet pioneer who founded The Diet Everyone Talks About, says being healthy helps reduce premenstrual syndrome symptoms. Premenstrual syndrome, also known as PMS, is a combination of emotional and physical symptoms that occur before and during your period. That time of the month when women experience skin break out, tender breasts and mood swings. In some women, menstruation causes nausea, dizziness, diarrhoea and lower back pain. Some women who experience PMS end up binge-eating. According to a study, ovarian hormones play a significant role in women eating badly during their period. The high levels of progesterone (hormone produced in the ovaries) during the premenstrual phase are what causes compulsive eating. This is because the high levels of hormones before and during the menstrual cycle cause an increase in insulin. The high level of insulin in your body results in low blood sugar which is why a lot of women crave something sweet. To treat PMS symptoms is by having a healthy diet. Eating well benefits your physical health and improves your emotional and mental well-being. “When your period comes, you want nothing more than to indulge in sugar and carbs, but the good news is that there are healthier and effective ways to deal with PMS.Eating and exercising control irritability, depression and mood swings,” Gert said.Tips on how to deal with your PMS symptoms:) Reduce your salt intake. Eat less salt. Rather cook your own food instead of eating processed food or takeaways.) Eat avocados. Make sure you eat avocados, if your PMS symptoms include muscle cramps, cravings and bloating. Avos have a high potassium content.) Drink water. Drinking water is good for dehydration. Substitute alcohol, sugary drinks and caffeine with water as this is also good for your overall health.) Include fruits, vegetables and whole grains. Incorporate fibre-packed fruits and vegetables with whole-grains, including oatmeal, rye bread and brown rice.) No excessive sugar. Craving for sugar is common when you’re experiencing PMS. A little is okay. An excess intake of sugar can result in hormonal imbalance.