The Competition Commission has announced a data price agreement it has reached with Vodacom on Tuesday. The commission said it was delighted that it has reached a significant agreement with Vodacom to reduce the cost of data and promote digital inclusion. Certain specifics were kept confidential to protect competition in the market. On price reductions, Vodacom has agreed to a 2-year substantial reduction of monthly data bundles across the board, effective from 1 April 2020. Prices will come down by over 30% across all channels, for example, a 1gigabyte monthly bundle will drop from R149 per gigabyte to no more than R99, including Vat. This represents 34% price declares. Customers that buy lower data bundles, which typically are the poorest, will see the greatest benefit of the price deceases. On lifeline and zero rating of data, from 1 April 2020, Vodacom shall make available all its current zero rated service on one platform with increased focus on conusomer in poor communities through ConnectU. ConnectU will address 7 key areas that include education. Here, Vodacom shall expand their zero rating offering to all public schools, public universities, technical, vocational and training institutions across the country. These public institution need to apply to get their portals zero rated. Job seekers will benefit by having access to seven approved job portals to be announced by Vodacom. The commission further said that about 2 000 suburbs and villages living below the poverty line will get personalised discounts, over and above the zero-rating and discounts given to all customers. Vodacom will also zero-rate several websites, including government e-service portals, websites of departments, university portals, and Wikipedia. In December, the Competition Commission released its Data Services Market Inquiry final report recommending the mobile network giants reduce data prices or face prosecution. Data prices in Mzansi were higher than those charged by Vodacom and MTN in other African countries. Vodacom and MTN were urged to independently reach an agreement with the commission within two months of the release of the final report on a reduction in the headline prices of all sub 500mb, 30 day prepaid data bundles to reflect the same cost per megabyte as the 500mb, 30 day bundle. The preliminary reported suggested that there is hope for price reduction in the region 0f 30 to 50 percent. All mobile operators were urged to reach an agreement with the commission within three months Vodacom and MTN were informed to independently reach an agreement with the commission to cease ongoing price discrimination strategies that may facilitate greater exploitation of market power and pricing which may have adverse impact on lower income consumers. All mobile operators were further informed to reach agreement with the commission within three months of the release of the final report to offer all prepaid subscribers a lifeline package of daily free data to ensure all citizens have access on a continual basis regardless of income level. 