GRANNIES in Ebony Park, Tembisa have taken to football to keep fit and live a healthier, happier, longer life. This has become a norm around Mzansi with grannies across the country forming football teams. The Ebony Angels Soccer Women’s Club are the new grannies on the block, joining the likes of Vakhegula Vakhegula and other grannies’ teams. This group of grannies gathers at a nearby soccer field three times a week to exercise and play football. They are excited to be involved in football and say their health has been improved immensely by the sport. Matshidiso Letsholo (56), who is the goalkeeper for Angels, says joining the team was the best decision she ever made for her health. “I used to spend most of my time just idling and doing nothing and I realised that this increases my chances of getting affected by some of the old age diseases such as high blood pressure and diabetes,” said the goalie better know as Jobe on the field of play. “My knees and back also used to give me problems but since I started being physically active with the team, my health has improved. I would encourage elderly people to get active and play sport. “I enjoy playing football, I try to be the best goalie I can be and protect my team from conceding goals. Even my family are behind me and encourage me to do my best every time I’m on the pitch.” Kgomotso Moeketsi (48), who is the founder of the team, says she started it with the aim of improving the lives of elderly people in her area. But it has not been an easy journey. “I started this team in March last year,” said Moeketsi. “We started this club with 17 players, but the number decreased as time went on because some did not see the importance of what we were doing. We managed to bounce back and we have a squad of over 20 players now. We are pleased with our progress as we just celebrated our first birthday. “We started this team because we saw that old women in our area have a lot of stress in their households. We wanted to get them out of their houses and into an environment that would be good for their health and overall well being. We can all improve our health.” They also have a youth ladies team. “They (younger women) saw us having so much fun and wanted to join,” added Moeketsi. “We are getting them off the streets where they could be doing a lot of bad things. We want to reduce the rate of teenage pregnancy in our area and also get these young girls away from taverns.” Zoe Simelane (38), who captains the team, says she is grateful to be a part of the team. “I no longer have a lot of time on my hands like I used to before I joined the team. I’m always in training with the grannies and the young girls doing something positive with my life. I’m grateful for this because I am doing something good for my community.”