 THEY ARE identical twins and they’ve always been very close. “We always loved each other and wanted the best for each other,” said Zubenathi. “BUT IT DOESN’T MEAN SHE CAN TAKE MY BOYFRIEND!” This is after one of the twins’ boyfriend dumped her – and took up with her twin sister. Zubenathi Makhanya (32) (not her real name) from Rockville, Soweto, said she’s devastated. She blocked her twin after they broke the news to her, but her sister keeps calling her on different numbers. Zubenathi said after four years of dating, she found out her man was cheating with her sister. “I never saw it coming,” said Zubenathi. She told Daily Sun they were planning to get married and had been discussing lobola. “He’d always tell me he wanted to spend the rest of his life with me,” she said. “When I asked him why he was acting strangely, he told me he was just stressed and I should stop complaining,” she said. She said in September, her twin sister set up a lunch date at Cresta Shopping Centre near Windsor, Joburg. When she saw her boyfriend and her sister together, she thought they had bumped into each other at the mall. “Then she told me there was no way of saying this, but my boyfriend was paying lobola for her in December,” she said. “She also told me she was two months pregnant.” Zubenathi got up and left. “I visited my brother in Mpumalanga, and I heard my boyfriend had paid lobola and that they moved in together in Meadowlands,” said Zubenathi. A manager at a franchise, she said she sometimes felt her man was threatened that she earned more money than him. Twin sister Zizipho said she liked Daniel (not their real names) from the first time she met him. “I controlled myself, but when he made a move I couldn’t resist,” said Zizipho. “When we told the family, they were disappointed but supported us.” She said he paid some of the lobola in December. “I know I broke my sister’s heart. I want her to be a part of my baby’s life.” Zizipho’s fiance said he hadn’t planned on falling for the sister. “But the sister was more caring and made me feel like a man. She served me food while her sister often wanted takeaways,” he said. “Zubenathi is a good woman, but she’s very short-tempered and controlling. Zizipho allows me to be who I am. She’s my best friend and has everything I can ever ask for in a woman.” The mum said she suspected they were dating before they came to tell them about the lobola. She had noticed how Zizipho acted when Daniel was around. “This is wrong, but I love both my daughters. I want peace between them,” said the mum. She said she had tried to reconcile them, but Zubenathi didn’t want anything to do with her sister. “She just needs time,” she said. The uncle said the negotiations had started and would be finalised in October. “She’s pregnant and we’d be really happy if her sister would to be part of her life,” he said. “We understand her pain, but this is destroying their relationship. “I hope she heals so they can fix their relationship.”