 The Gauteng
Department of Health says that it is still in consultation with private
hospital groups for resources, while the number of confirmed cases continues to
rise in the highly populated province. "We
have been in engagements with the private sector to see how resources can be
pooled beyond just bed capacity," spokesperson Kwara Kekana told News24 on
Monday. "Consultations
are ongoing as the situation develops." As of 22
March 2020, South Africa had 274 confirmed cases of Covid-19. The
Presidency said there no cause for concern about Ramaphosa's health. This after
African Christian Democratic Party leader Rev Kenneth Meshoe has been tested
for the novel coronavirus. A total of
132 cases out of the 274 are in Gauteng alone. The comes
after Gauteng Health MEC Bandile Masuku, together with Premier David Makhura
and members of the executive, announced measures last week to help minimise the
spread of the deadly virus – which originated in Wuhan, China – in the
province. Some of the
measures outlined by the provincial government are: - Vulnerable members of the public, such as
the elderly, will be vaccinated; - Members of the public will have to notify
police of gatherings, like funerals and weddings, at their local police station
for monitoring purposes; - Members of the public will have to adhere to
the 100-person restriction as directed by President Cyril Ramaphosa - Law enforcement will be used to ensure
compliance; and - 249 tracers, made up of 9 000 community health
workers, are currently being trained to monitor families in self-quarantine. 'Meeting
with labs' Masuku said
that spaces would be announced for patients who could not quarantine in
private. He added
that the department was in consultation with a private hospital group for 250
beds on the West Rand. "We
are meeting today with labs for example, so the engagements are ongoing. "That
is what we are sharing for now," Kekana told News24. Minister in
the Presidency Jackson Mthembu has said the president will address the nation
on Monday evening. "At
that stage, the president would have finalised measures to be undertaken to
mitigate impact of the virus to our people and the economy," Kekana said. The time of
the address is yet to be confirmed. SOURCE: NEWS24