 THE MADALA looked as if he was ready to go for a relaxed drive in his beloved Mercedes-Benz W123. He was safely buckled up, his hands on the wheel, looking out the front window. EXCEPT THE ONLY TRIP THE MADALA WAS GOING TO TAKE WAS INTO A DARK GRAVE! On Saturday, mourners looked in disbelief as Tshekedi Pitso (75) from Jozana’s Hoek in the central Eastern Cape and his car were lowered into the grave. According to the madala’s family and close friends, it was his wish to be buried in his car. Tshekedi collapsed and died while walking to his car from his house on Monday. His family said the madala wasn’t ill but died of old age. Tshekedi owned a number of supermarkets in his time, but when malls were introduced in kasis, his businesses suffered and eventually he closed them down. Tshekedi’s daughter Sefora Letswaka (49) said even after losing his cars he kept on telling them he wanted to be buried inside a car. Said Sefora: “He managed to buy himself a second-hand Mercedes-Benz. “It didn’t take long before it broke down. “But he spent most his time sitting in his car even when it wasn’t moving. “He never abandoned it. He reminded us to bury him in the car.” She said the family was happy to grant him his wish. “We trust that he’s smiling down on us, now that we’ve listened to him,” she said. The funeral took place in the family gravesite in Sterkspruit. Tshekedi was described as a man who cared for the community and fought for the rights of the people. Resident Simon Motseki (55) echoed what people said on social media, where images went viral. “It was like I was watching a Nigerian movie. I’ve never heard about something like this happening in Mzansi,” said Simon. “I’m glad the family did what their father asked them to do. “He’s a lucky madala and I think he’s at peace.” Tshekedi’s wife and one of his daughters have died. He’s survived by three daughters and two sons. Thabiso Mantutle, director of Phomolong Funeral Parlour, said they’ve never had such a request from a customer. “It was a difficult and stressful task. We had to make correct measurements for the car and the ramp,” he said. Mantutle said they engaged with relevant authorities and departments including environmental health to ensure they complied.