'This period of Lock down must not treated as a holiday, but as an opportunity to catch up with their studies.' This was said by Minister of Higher Education, Science and Innovation, Blade Nzimande during the update by the Ministers in the National Command Council on the status of the National Lockdown in Tshwane on Saturday. Nzimande said students should use this period to study. He said he has instructed all universities to update their IT capability so they can expand online learning. The minister also announced that the 14-day quarantine period for the 114 South African citizens repatriated from  Wuhan City in China ended on Friday.(27 March 2020). He said the Department of Health is working on the modalities for their release home. "The Department is responsible for transporting the students to their respective provinces and to ensure that they are reunited with their families. Buses and mini vans have been secured to transport the citizens from the Ranch in Limpopo to the rest of the country. Transportation of the citizens will commence on Monday," he said He said all the National Student Financial Aid Scheme (NSFAS) recipients will recieve their allowances during the recess. Nzimand was joined by Minister for Social Development, Lindiwe Zulu. She started by thanking all those are taking care the most vulnerable people of the society " We must all be conscious that we also have other social ills," she said. She said she has been in communication with the department of Transport and Denfence to help with transportation for those who will be collecting their social Ggrant's from the 30 to 1st of April She urged mothers to leave their children at home when they collect their grants. Minister of Human Settlements, water and sanitation Lindiwe Sisulu said they have procured 41 thousand water tanks, most will go to Eastern Cape. "We've assessed our high risk areas and we are providing water to the people," she said. Sisulu said their challenges so far has been the informal settlements. She said it was difficult  to access the infomal settlement so they can disinfect the areas.