ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer is not a magician! Losing his first Soweto derby to arch-rivals Kaizer Chiefs, was a bitter pill to swallow for the German mentor. Amakhosi bagged all the three points in their Absa Premiership showdown courtesy of a 1-0 victory over the bitter rivals at a packed FNB Stadium on Saturday. Lebogang Manyama scored a great goal that broke the hearts of Bucs fans on the half hour mark. That defeat effectively ruled Pirates out of the title race. Bucs are third on the table with 39 points from 22 matches and trail Chiefs by nine points having played one more game than the log leaders. It didn’t require a rocket scientist to see if Zinnbauer, who lost his first official game since his appointment in December, was disappointed. “I don’t have a magic wand.” Zinnbauer responded when asked if there’s any hope of Pirates winning a trophy in the future. “I’m disappointed and I have to say that I’m a bad loser. I apologise to the fans for losing the derby. I’m not a magician and I just can’t turn things around over night, we are still a work in progress.” That was his answer when asked where to from here in their remaining eight league matches. Bucs had Chiefs’ backs to the wall in the opening 15 minutes but their usually trusted attackers Gabadinho Mhango and Thembinkosi Lorch, missed glorious opportunities before Manyama came and delivered a knockout blow. On his first Soweto derby experience, the Bucs coach said that he enjoyed the occasion, but he lamented that lack of luck for losing the game. “I’m not happy with the result. But it would have been a different story had Mhango converted his chance. We missed a big chance there. “The derby was special the atmosphere was unbelievable, and I enjoyed it except for the result,” said the Bucs coach. According Zinnbauer, the Buccaneers will use their remaining games in the league to build for the 2020-21 season. Zinnbauer denied that his team were in the title race in the first place. He said that it will not be easy to pick them up after losing twice in the league to Chiefs and once in the cup to the same team. “I’m now focusing on next season. I’m looking forward to next season. We are building for next season and we will try to pick up the players to fight for the remaining points.” Bucs visit Golden Arrows at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in their next league game on Saturday.