THERE is no free electricity. The people of Soweto should pay for it. AND THEY SHOULD NOT HIDE BEHIND THE POOR! So said EFF leader Julius Malema during the party’s march to Eskom Megawatt Park in Sunninghill, north of Joburg, on Friday. During the march, Malema proposed to Eskom CEO Andre de Ruyter that he get a list of all Sassa beneficiaries and exclude them from paying electricity. He said those who could afford to pay for electricity must subsidise the poor. “People living on social grants can’t afford to pay for electricity. “They’re poor when they collect social grants but they’re rich when they’re expected to pay for electricity. “It’s a contradiction and madness that must come to an end.” Malema said MPs who don’t pay for electricity should be exposed. He lashed out at unions, accusing President Cyril Ramaphosa of working with businessman Patrice Motsepe to benefit from the power utility. Addressing De Ruyter, Malema said: “You can’t follow the agenda of a family. This country is where it is because there was an Indian family that stole resources from our people. “Now today, there’s the Motsepe family working with Ramaphosa to feed off resources of Eskom. We’re not going to allow that. Please prove us wrong. We want load shedding gone. “Eskom workers are compromised by unions which are sleeping with management, are involved in tenders and selling out workers,” said Malema. Thousands of EFF supporters took part in the march. They were joined by African Transformation Movement and All Truck Drivers Federation members as they marched from Innesfree Park in Sandton to Eskom Megawatt Park. Despite the rain and hail, they walked 11 km to hand over a memorandum of demands to De Ruyter. The demands included ending load shedding, a lifestyle audit of all Eskom employees, and a stop to retrenchments. De Ruyter said he’d engage with the EFF leaders. The march comes after Mzansi has been in and out of the dark due to constant power cuts. Last week, Gauteng Electricity Movement announced a Soweto shutdown but the turnout was not as big as anticipated. The movement’s Lehlohonolo Makhele said: “We’re not demanding free electricity but that irregularities around Eskom be fixed.” The movement has demanded a flat rate and scrapping of “apartheid” debt. One of the protesters, Soweto resident Johny Rakgomo, told Daily Sun: “We’re not going to pay. Eskom must go to hell and collect its debt from the Guptas. They looted and we’re now being targeted.”