TWO First Division clubs are at loggerheads over eSwatini international striker Sabelo Ndzinisa who allegedly signed two contracts – one with Mbombela United and another with TS Sporting. Before the 2019/20 campaign starts, Sporting wrote a letter to the PSL to raise the issue that Ndzinisa shouldn’t be allowed to play for any club until the matter is resolved. In September last year Sporting played under protest against Mbombela in a match that was played at Kabokweni Stadium. The 28-year-old former Mbabane Swallows player turned out for Mbombela despite Sporting’s claims that they signed the Swazi international. Mbombela won that encounter 2-0. Talking to SunSport, Sporting chairman Thobela Silungu said: “Sabelo Ndzinisa signed two contracts, with us and then played for another team. He’s our player and has a contract with us. Silungu added: “The matter is with the PSL Disciplinary Committee. They are the one who will make the ruling. “For us, we’ll wait for the decision. We don’t want to jump into any conclusion.” So far, Ndzinisa has played over 15 matches in all competitions for Mbombela this season. Mbombela also insists the player belongs to them. Their chairman Oupa Matsebula remains calm as he believes they’re not in the wrong. “If we knew we were wrong, why would we continue playing the boy?” Matsebula questioned. “As Mbombela, we know we’re not in a good position on the log, but we don’t fight in courts. “We fight on the field of play. If we get relegated on the field that will be fine, not in a way that we do not understand. “We’ve nothing to hide. The league’s DC will decide on the matter on 1 April after it was postponed the last time. “At this moment, I won’t say much because the case because it’s still sub judice,” Matsebula added. According to PSL rules, a player entering into more than one contract covering the same period, he will be charged with misconduct by the League. PSL prosecutor, Nande Becker, confirmed that there’s a case involving these two First Division teams.