WORLD governing body Fifa have formed a task team that will work on finding ways to help players who will be affected by the Coronavirus crisis. The football industry, just like almost all vocation, are suffering with the worldwide outbreak of the deadly Covid-19 virus. The industry is on a shutdown with matches, big tournaments and events having been put on hold in the last two weeks or so. These disruptions have a huge impact and massive financial implications. “The decision was taken on Thursday, but Fifa have not yet given details,” said Safa president Danny Jordaan. “They’ve started a working group to look into the matter. Other things on the table are the question of sports funding, international calendar and the transfer window period.” Fifa will also be forced to adjust the transfer window period. “This is because the European season ends like our season in June, as Fifa have said the season might run into August, then they’re looking to have a transfer window in September so that players aren’t out of contracts when they have to finish the season,” added Jordaan, who is also Caf vice-president. He added that South Africa too, was facing huge financial losses due to the outbreak of the virus. “At Safa, our biggest revenue is going to Afcon and World Cup tournaments. Our Women’s Under-17 team are one match away from qualifying for the Fifa World Cup. “The SA Under-23 squad have already qualified for the Olympic Games. We’re playing in the Afcon and 2022 World Cup qualifiers for both Bafana and Banyana. So, there could be huge loss of revenue if those tournaments won’t be happening.” With the local PSL matches postponed until 4 April, Safa will work with all stakeholders, including the PSL, coaches, Players’ Union, referees, broadcasters and commercial partners. The executive committee will meet and review the situation. Safa will also consult with the Minister of Sports, Nathi Mthethwa. Jordaan added that Fifa were consistent in their statement.that the interest and the health of players is of paramount priority. “When you’re in football business, you’re not selling Coca-Cola or groceries. You need players to perform, or supporters will walk out of stadiums or stay at home. “Broadcasters also focus on the players and money is generated because of those players. “So, for the players to perform, they must be healthy and fit. Top priority is to have healthy and fit players. If there’s any threat to the good health of players, tackle it quickly before it affects business.”