AMAZULU striker Lehlohonolo Majoro’s future is in limbo. The former Orlando Pirates striker was excluded in the five players that Usuthu management have recalled after they were handed “special leave” last month. Majoro was one in the quintet that was told to stop training with the team, along with Thembela Sikhakhane, Nhlanhla Vilakazi, Michael Morton and Jabulani Ncobeni. But Ncobeni, Vilakazi, Sikhakhane and Morton have all been recalled by interim coach Ayanda Dlamini to train with the rest of team. These players have improved their level of fitness, which was in doubt. But Majoro is yet to meet the fitness requirements. The club’s media officer Brilliant Mkhathini downplayed Majoro’s exclusion, saying things might change for him sometime next week. “They only started training on Thursday with the rest of the squad and Majoro not being with them at this stage doesn’t mean anything,” Mkhathini said. “We will find out by next week how how he has progressed thus far because we were in preparation for the Kaizer Chiefs game.” Majoro, who was handed a two-year deal at the beginning of the season, has been a huge disappointment at a time when the club needed someone to help Bongi Ntuli with goals. The former Bidvest Wits striker, who previously left Usuthu in 2011 to join Chiefs after spending one season in the side, where he scored 16 goals in 24 appearances, has yet to score. All these players were told to stop training after the club lost 4-1 to Bloemfontein Celtic in the Nedbank Cup Last-32 on 8 February. As things have not been rosy for Usuthu this season, these players are not alone to have been given “special leave”. Coach Jozef Vukusic was also informed by the club this past week after the lost to the Chilli Boys. Players played a role in this by informing the management after they disagreed with the Slovak-born coach about his tactics at half-time in Port Elizabeth. Dlamini, who is coaching the reserve league side, has since stepped in on an interim basis along with Moeneeb Josephs.