Mining companies have committed to investing more than
R36.3 billion in the Limpopo economy over the next five years. This announcement, made by Premier Stan Mathabatha during
his state of the province address on Thursday, brings a sparkle to a rather
dark period in which the mining sector in the province shed 11 000 jobs. This was largely due to a fall in platinum prices and
companies placing mines in the Sekhukhune district under care and maintenance. Limpopo’s central eastern area forms part of the Bushveld
Complex, which is rich in platinum group metals (PGMs) and is the hub of the
province’s platinum mining endeavours. Last year, the World Platinum Investment Council (WPIC)
forecast that the global demand for platinum would increase by 5% due to the
expected significant rise in investment demand. However, it also cited that possible ongoing disruption
of mining output in South Africa could reduce supply, and that the recovering
diesel market share in western Europe might increase demand for automotive
components. The WPIC also said the significant increase in the
palladium price made future demand growth for platinum as a replacement for
palladium in petrol-propelled cars more likely. “Mining and ancillary services dominate our provincial
economy at 25% contribution to the GDP. During the period under review, Limpopo
accounted for 24% of national mining output,” said Mathabatha in his Sopa,
underlining the significance of the sector. He detailed the investments as follows: R1.6 billion by Modikwa Platinum Mine for PGMs in the Sekhukhune; R5.4 billion by Lesego Platinum Project for PGMs in the
Waterberg; R20 billion by Ivanplat Mine for PGMs in the Waterberg; R5.1 billion by Exxaro for coal mining in the Waterberg;
and R4.2 billion by Lejaja Mine for coal mining in the
Waterberg. “It is our firm belief that these mining expansions will
not only contribute to the growth of our economy, but will also help create
much-needed jobs for our people,” Mathabatha said. He added that, despite being a dominant sector in the
provincial economy, mining employment decreased from 106 000 to 86 000 jobs
between the fourth quarter of 2018 and the fourth quarter of last year. However, he said the outlook was not that bleak because
there was a slight recovery in the mining sector. He cited the fact that
palladium had seen an exponential price increase, which resulted in increased
mining activities for platinum group metals. His announcement on progress in the Musina-Makhado
special economic zone  and the injection
of billions of rands into the mining industry 
gloomy economic outlook in recent years. In its Labour Force Survey for
the fourth quarter of last year, Stats SA indicated that the official
unemployment rate had remained unchanged at 29.1%. In the same report, Stats SA said the number of discouraged
jobseekers increased by 62 000 nationally. “We have completed the environmental impact assessment
study for the northern side [of the Musina-Makhado] Special Economic Zone,
while the process is at 90% for the southern side,” Mathabatha revealed. He said the provincial government was finalising
discussions with the Zimbabwean government regarding the issue of water
availability for the Musina-Makhado SEZ. 
About 7 262 hectares have been designated for the SEZ, located 40km
south of Musina and 50km north of Makhado. In his Sopa last year, Mathabatha said the SEZ had
managed to attract investment of up to R150 billion to the province. The Musina-Makhado SEZ was promulgated by the Department
of Trade and Industry in 2017 as part of a deal struck by President Cyril
Ramaphosa and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping. The Bank of China is expected to pump at least R15
billion into SEZs in South Africa, including the Musina-Makhado SEZ, one of
Limpopo’s flagship projects. The SEZ is expected to create about 21 000 jobs in
its initial stages. “In terms of the Musina-Makhado SEZ, we have recorded
significant progress. As we speak, we have since completed the external master
plans for both the southern and northern parts of the SEZ. Additionally, the internal master plan for the southern
part is complete,” he said. “I have no doubt that we are indeed moving from
expressions to practical actions. It is also pleasing to report that the
Musina-Makhado SEZ has recently signed an additional $1.1 billion investment commitment.
On the other hand, Shaanxi CEI Investment Holdings has made a commitment of $5
billion for a vanadium and titanium smelter project,” Mathabatha said. He added that there had been a notable improvement
regarding economic growth in the province, which has grown at an average rate
of 1% in the recent past. He acknowledged that this was certainly far less than
what the province needed to achieve. However, the province can take solace in Finance Minister
Tito Mboweni’s announcement in his budget speech that global economic growth
was expected to strengthen to 3.3% this year. 