Hello happy parent or parent-to-be, Like you, we have embarked on a journey of a lifetime. The two of us – Nkazimulo Sibanda and Grethe Kemp – are journalists and the proud moms of new babies. Nkazi, of a 3-month old girl, and Grethe of a 5-month old boy. For Nkazi, this is the second joyful addition to her family. For Grethe, this is her first child, and the start of finding her way as a new mom. You might be at a different stage of your journey – just fallen pregnant or perhaps happily raising a first, second or third little person. You might be feeling confident, or nervous, on top of things, or desperate for assistance. But whatever your experience, the PURITY Journey Journal™ is the App to help you. What differentiates this App from many of the others available is that it is developed in South Africa for South Africans. Often Apps developed for other markets available here have features that are not supported. With the PURITY Journal App, you don’t have to worry about not being able to access any of the  features and we urge you to join us as we give you the tools to help your parenting process every step of the way. The Journey Journal™  has so many helpful tools, including 24/7 access to a doctor call-back service, expert articles and tips, emergency contacts, a pregnancy tracker, tracking of your little one’s milestones and medical information. And this App is for everyone – moms, dads, and caregivers alike. In this eight-month blog series we will honestly share our own experiences of motherhood – be they good or bad, or downright confusing. We will both give advice, and open up about what we wish we were better at. We’ll also give you access to the insights we’ve learnt doing interviews with PURITY’s panel of experts – including specialist pediatrician Thulja Trikamjee, pediatric dietician Katherine Megaw, clinical psychologist Jenny Perkel, dad coach Craig Wilkinson, gynaecologist and obstetrician Salome Maswime and personal finance expert Priya Naicker. And we want to hear from you too. Share you journey with us, send us your pictures, and enter our competitions. Watch this column for more on how to participate and win. Follow @puritypromise WHAT WAS OUR EXPERIENCE OF THE APP? The PURITY Journal App is amazing and very effective in tracking every milestone of your pregnancy to when your little one reaches preschool age. Both of us have tried the App – and continue to use it - and the articles by the experts provide useful and important advice and information that every parent will find helpful. As journalists and moms, our schedules can get very busy. However, the medical logbook on the App is a helpful feature as it lets you know when your baby’s next vaccination is due as well as the next doctor or clinic visit. If you think that is great, wait till you hear this: PURITY has also partnered with Hello Doctor to provide parents access to medical support 24/7. How amazing is that? It also includes a product page where you can explore PURITY’s range of products for every stage of baby’s journey. The App is user friendly and fun. Give the App a try on www.purityapp.co.za, it’s free. We can’t wait to share this journey with you, Nkazi and Grethe WATCH : HOW TO USE THE PURITY JOURNEY JOURNAL APP:      