Life at one of Johannesburg’s densely populated squatter camps Zandspruit continued on the first day of the national lockdown. However, the usual buzz on the settlement’s main roads of Beyers Naude and Peter was not there. They were dead quiet with all its informal stalls closed and traders nowhere to be seen. Only two big supermarkets on the outskirts of the kasi were operating with queues still snaking in the afternoon.  Shopkeepers and security personnel had their hands full trying to keep a two metre distance between impatient shoppers. However, when the Daily Sun team ventured beyond the façade, the informal township was lit with children playing on the streets, men drinking merrily on the same streets and on the verandahs of their small houses and shacks.  The Coronavirus-induced lockdown seem to have unleashed a flurry of enterprising bootlegging businesses in the settlement. All popular taverns and shisanyamas were closed, as the government demanded, but countless men could be seen going behind the shacks to replenishing their drinks before coming back to join their boozing groups. Instead of playing music from the big sound systems, most opted for using cars and Bluetooth speakers. Resident Gcinikhaya mBhashe , 43, says he was happy with government’s ban on booze sales for the next 21 days. “I am hoping that it will restore order in our area. Most people here drink too much and they start fighting every time they are drunk. “Today is Friday and I am happy. We normally don’t sleep peacefully on Fridays because of loud music and fights,” said mBhashe. He said although he is worried that he will not be earning any money as a construction worker in Randburg, Joburg for three weeks, he has confidence that government will successfully fight against the evil virus.  Another resident Thabiso Khumalo, 27, was just too happy to spend quality time with his new pet dogs. “I bought them yesterday,” he said, while smiling and holding his two pit bull puppies. “I paid R1 500 for each. It’s a male and female.” Khumalo said he was disappointed by the lockdown as he just started his new job last week. “I was hired as a driver and installer by a neon sign company at Kya Sands. As I was getting into the routine and looking forward to my first pay, we were told about the lockdown,” he said.  Taxi operator Michael Jojo, 75, said the first morning of the lockdown went well. Jojo, who represents the Faraday Taxi Association, said everything went smoothly in the morning and they were ready to bring back all residents who went to work safely in the evening.