IF KAIZER Chiefs play their remaining eight Absa Premiership matches the way they did against AmaZulu, they might as well accept that they will end another season without winning a silverware. On Saturday night Chiefs were stunned 1-0 by beleaguered AmaZulu at FNB Stadium. Usuthu’s leading goal scorer Bongi Ntuli’s first half solitary strike was enough to hand relegation haunted AmaZulu maximum points. Ernst Middendorp charges, who last won the league title in 2014-15 season were looking nothing like a side that have ambitions of winning the league. They were a shadow of their last weekends' displays where they defeated their Soweto rivals Orlando Pirates 1-0. Chiefs needed a win to re-establish their 10 points chasm between them and second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns, but having played two games more. They froze against the ambitious little KwaZulu-Natal team which is trying to dodge the dreaded relegation axe. Usuthu’s work ethic troubled Chiefs as they did not even get more than five shot on targets. The encounter seemed to show what pressure can do on to an inexperienced combination of Usuthu which went to the clash rooted at the bottom of the log with just 20 points. Early in the week, AmaZulu placed coach Jozef Vukusic on what they called ‘special leave’ with immediate effect to allow the club to deal with certain internal matters. Former AmaZulu striker Ayanda Dlamini was in charge of the team for the first time on an interim basis assisted by former goalkeeper Moneeb Josephs. Their tenure started on a positive note as they registered Usuthu’s sixth victory of the season after 24 matches. The importance of the three points was seen when the final whistle was blown. AmaZulu’s bench stormed into the pitch celebrating, one would swear they were celebrating winning the league. The results saw them moving from the bottom of the table to position 15 with 23 points, dragging Black Leopards to the foot of the table. AmaZulu were still without a bunch of their senior players who were suspended. Last month, they suspended five players Lehlohonolo Majoro‚ Jabulani Ncobeni‚ Michael Morton‚ Thembela Sikhakhane and Nhlanhla Vilakazi for “bringing negativity to the squad”. On Thursday Usuthu reportedly to have recalled those players, except Majoro while Morton did not report back. From those players, Ncobeni is the only one who managed to make the 18-man squad that traveled from Durban to face Chiefs as he was a second-half substitute replacing Siphelele Magubane. 