Hoaxes and fake news around the novel coronavirus continue
to spread on social media as South Africans ready themselves for government's
21-day lockdown, which commences at 23:59 on Thursday. On Wednesday, ministers briefed the media to give clarity on
what is allowed and not allowed during the lockdown, and to explain how basic
services will function. News24 has also been providing an ongoing FAQ feed to
address questions that members of the public have about the lockdown. False information Yet, WhatsApp groups and other social media are inundated
with false information and fear mongering. One such is that members of the public must fill in a permit
before they will be permitted to visit shops, pharmacies or for "physical
activity", among other "reasons" for leaving their homes. This document is fake, and it is not a requirement to leave
your home to acquire basic goods, Chrispin Phiri, spokesperson of the
Government Communication and Information System, confirmed to News24. While Police Minister Bheki Cele warned of consequences for
those who attempt to leave their homes - unless for essential purposes, such as
buying groceries, seeking medical attention, collecting grants, buying
medication, or emergencies - a permit to do so is not required. Pets and hand sanitiser A Facebook post claiming that hand sanitiser is harmful to
pets is equally fake. "Please do not pet your dog or any pet after using
hand sanitiser. It contains ethanol glycol that’s also found in anti-freeze
that’s toxic to them! (sic)" the post claims. Africa Check has dismissed this. "Hand sanitiser does not contain ethylene glycol. Most
sanitisers contain a form of alcohol, such as ethyl alcohol, as a form of
antiseptic, says the US Food and Drug Administration. Britannica explains that
ethyl alcohol, known mainly as ethanol, is well known as the ingredient of many
alcoholic beverages such as beer, wine, and distilled spirits. "Ingesting large quantities of hand sanitiser could
have an effect on pets, but a lick of hand sanitiser won’t hurt a child or
anyone else," Africa Check writes on its website. Africa Check also debunked a social media post that states
the new coronavirus can be cured by gargling salt or vinegar water. The post
says that before the coronavirus reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat
for four days. At this stage, the virus can be "eliminated" by
gargling with warm water and salt or vinegar. SOURCE: NEWS26