Aries (Mar 20 -
Apr 19) Life: A
decision that you took years ago unexpectedly starts to reap its positive
rewards. You feel luckier than yesterday. Mind: Hard work
doesn’t have to mean long hours; work smart with your schedule. Self: You’re
more capable of making choices when you’re relaxed. Running around in circles
is dangerous. Taurus (Apr 20
- May 20) Life:
Unexpectedly a plan comes together. You’re relieved because you’ve worked so
hard! Love: Although
you can’t measure love in monetary terms, a gift or two is always appreciated. Self: It means
a lot to you that somebody is thinking of you; a worry shared is a worry
halved. Gemini (May 21
- Jun 20) Love: Ignoring
an argument might be the answer that you need today. You don’t have to prove a
point! Life: Often
keeping quiet about a small concern allows it the time to sort itself out. Self: Measure
your words because what you say will be remembered by other people. Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul
22) Self: The reality that
you need to face now is that not everything that happens in life is your fault
or concern. Family: Other people
should be forced to take on the responsibilities which you know are their own. Life: By giving too
much help you take away someone’s privilege of creating their own destiny. Leo (Jul 23 -
Aug 22) Work: Allow
your family to give their opinion on your career concerns and investigate their
suggestions. Self: Pride is
one of your biggest enemies; it results in you missing out on good ideas. Mind: More can
be achieved by listening to others than by talking about your own beliefs. Virgo (Aug 23 -
Sep 22) Mind:
Unfortunately, if you want to implement your plans you’re going to need more
money. Money:
Part of your new learning process is that you must learn to budget. See it as a
challenge. Self:
Don’t be discouraged by negative people or by not getting the answers you want
to hear. Libra
(Sep 23-Oct 22) Mind:
An ‘’eureka’’ moment must be acted on. An idea alone isn’t good enough; you
need action. Money:
If a solution looks promising for your pocket why shouldn’t you share it with a
friend? Life:
By pooling your resources with somebody else’s you’ll increase your returns. Scorpio (Oct 23
- Nov 21) Mind: The
sooner you accept that you cannot change certain circumstances the sooner
you’ll find peace. Self: If you
had to choose your life all over again what would you change? Life: Charisma
and wit are your defining characteristics in March. They will benefit you at
work and at home. Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21) Work: Your
ability to include other people’s ideas will make you stand out as a leader. Self:
Recognition is not what you were aiming for but it is a welcome bonus to the
culmination of a plan! Mind: Don’t
deny yourself the limelight or the praise that is coming your way. It’s good
for the ego! Capricorn (Dec
22 - Jan 20) Love: You know
when you’re being unfair and this is possibly one of those moments. Work: The
answer to your current work dilemma is a phone call away. An old colleague can
help. Mind: There is
no shame in requesting assistance. Recognising when you need help is strength. Aquarius (Jan
21 - Feb 18) Work: Allow
your family to give you advice when you’re at a total loss for answers. Family: Your
family is there to help and guide you, so why do you consider refusing their
kindness? Self:
Independence is great but co-existence and understanding the rules of support
is better. Pisces (Feb 19
- Mar 19) Work: Some
projects will take longer to complete and there is nothing you can do. Keep
yourself busy with other tasks. Career: Your
loyalty to the company has been noted and will be rewarded when the opportunity
arises. Self: Don’t
rush through life so fast that you don’t get a chance to appreciate small
blessings. 