 Sadness, hopelessness, fatigue and anxiety.
These are some typical symptoms of depression that are relatively easy to
recognise in ourselves or someone close to us. However, in men, the signs are not
as clear-cut. Men are more likely to avoid expressing the vulnerable emotions
that come with depression. “Instead, they might complain about
physical symptoms such as sleeping and stomach problems, headaches, back pain
and fatigue,” says Cassey Chambers, operations director of the South African Depression
and Anxiety Group (Sadag). “Avoidance can also lead to typical symptoms being
suppressed by abusing alcohol and drugs, womanising, overspending, workaholism
and other high-risk behaviours,” Chambers adds. Read more: Nearest
and dearest depressed? “This hides the fact they are in need of
help, and diagnosis and treatment often happen too late.” In fact, men in South
Africa are four times more likely to commit suicide than women, according to a
recent report by the World Health Organization. COWBOYS DON’T CRY From when they are little, most boys are
directly or indirectly taught that showing distress is “weak” or “unmanly”. Young
men are told they should “just grow a pair”, and “this is life, deal with it”,
say psychologists Sian Green and Marteleze van Graan of Satori Centre for
Interactional Wellness in Pretoria. They say these messages stay with boys when
they become men and try to deal with depression and dayto- day life. “Men are as
relational and as emotional as women, they are simply trained to disconnect,”
adds Terry Real, an American clinical social worker and expert in male
depression. NOT A WEAKNESS Depression is more than just the blues. “To
a person suffering from depression, it is a big thing. It is not just the usual
sadness when you wake up and you’re not in the mood,” says Johannesburg psychiatrist
Dr Jan Chabalala. He explains that it is a severe, universal illness that can
take away your ability to function. Read more: Treating
depression Depression can affect personal relationships,
work, sleeping and eating patterns and can lead to suicide. Chabalala says
trauma, losing a loved one and post-traumatic stress also increase your risk of
developing depression. “People must look for help. There are people who
understand it and are willing and able to assist,” he says. GETTING HELP The number of calls from men to the Sadag
helpline have increased in the past decade. “Especially from older men,”
Chambers says. “But they still tend to leave it until late and then the calls
are of a more serious nature. “There is still the perception that someone
with a mental illness is dangerous or weak. Because there is often an absence
of physical symptoms with mental illness, it’s considered not real, a figment
of the imagination.” She adds that sufferers are afraid of being discriminated
against at home or being let go from work if they admit to being depressed or
feeling suicidal. “Many also don’t know where to go to get help,” Chambers
says. “Nurses, doctors and social workers at
government clinics, as well as support groups, counsellors, community leaders
and traditional healers can step in where institutionalised help is not available.”
Treatment for depression can range from talk therapy to lifestyle changes or
medication, and it can be temporary or lifelong. HOW TO SUPPORT SOMEONE WITH DEPRESSION Just be there, says American psychologist Deborah
Serani. “When I was struggling with my own depression, the most healing moments
came when someone I loved simply and wordlessly held my hand or spoke warmly to
me with statements like, ‘We’re going to find a way to help you to feel
better’.” Read more: Causes
of depression - Don’t judge or criticise. Avoid saying things
like, “I think this is all just in your head. If you got up out of bed and
moved around, you’d see things better,” Serani says. “These words imply that
your loved one has a choice in how they feel – and they have chosen, by free
will, to be depressed. It’s insensitive and can isolate your loved one even
more.” - Avoid the tough-love approach. Some
people might intentionally be impatient with their loved one, push their
boundaries, use silence or even give an ultimatum like, “You’d better snap out
of it or I’m going to leave,” Serani says. “This is as useless, hurtful and harmful
as ignoring, pushing away or not helping someone who has cancer.” - Learn about depression. Once you understand
depression, you can better support your loved one. “For instance, some people
assume that if a person with depression has a good day, they’re cured.
Depression is not a static illness. There is an ebb and flow to symptoms that
many nondepressed people misunderstand,” Serani says. - If your loved one is thinking about suicide
seek medical attention ASAP. Talk to the person about what you’ve noticed and
why you’re concerned. “Explain that depression is a medical condition, not a
personal flaw or weakness, and that it usually gets better with treatment,”
Serani says. “Tell them that you’re willing to set up appointments and go with
them if necessary.