BLACK Leopards boss David Thidiela has reinstated win bonuses as a last-ditch effort to help save the Venda side from the sharp relegation axe hovering over their heads. Leopards scrapped the R5 000 win bonuses at the start of the season since management allegedly felt there was no need for extra motivation at the time. According to an insider at the club, the decision allegedly angered players who knew they will have extra cash in their pockets if they collected three points in every match. Explained the source: “The players were surprised when win bonuses were cancelled. They were disappointed because even those that were not part of the 18-man squad used to benefit from bonuses. “All the players who are in the match day team sheet used to contribute R500 each to give those that didn’t make the team. The initiative also helped players to have a strong bond since they supported each other on and off the pitch.” However, Leopards’ 2-0 defeat to neighbours Baroka FC in an Absa Premiership derby hit Thidiela’s nerve which allegedly made him make an about-turn and realised the importance of win bonuses. Leopards are rooted to the bottom of table on 20 points with seven games to play to conclude the season. The bonuses will kick in when Leopards play Bidvest Wits in Milpark tonight (7.30pm). Added the source: “Thidiela had a meeting with players and technical staff at his house on Sunday to reinstate the bonus structure. The players have promised to pull up their socks in the remaining seven matches to help the team move away from the bottom. They are aware that if the club gets relegated they will lose their jobs.” Leopards coach Alan Clark refused to be drawn into the bonus conversation. He said: “I don’t want to comment about players’ salaries or bonuses. This matter involves management, not me. But anything to motivate the players is a good thing.” Clark is concerned about his charges’ lack of composure in front of goal.“We have to be more clinical. press and harass our opponents, work hard to win matches. ”