 SHE BELIEVED her smooth-talking boyfriend had shown her love. But instead, he led her down a dark alleyway to financial ruin. SHE THOUGHT SHE HAD FOUND TRUE LOVE, BUT HER DEVIOUS EX WAS JUST A THUG IN DISGUISE! Two years ago, the kind and trusting Elizabeth Motha (39) from Springs, Ekurhuleni met a security guard at her place of work. After months of courtship, she finally fell for his kindness and agreed to be his girlfriend. But she didn’t know what she was letting herself in for. Elizabeth told Daily Sun that she had been lonely for a long time until she found herself a lover who seemed to genuinely love her despite her blindness. She said her lover was caring and even showed her off to his family and friends. After a few months of dating, she told her boyfriend she needed a car because she was tired of using public transport. “He advised me to get a cellphone banking app and borrow R100 000 from the bank,” she said. “I trusted him. I gave him my banking details and pin.” She said they started looking for a car and she left all the decision making to her man. “I trusted him and believed he wanted what’s best for me,” she said. A few weeks later her pastor from church died and she wanted to contribute R3 000, but when she went to withdraw money, her card was declined. “I told them to try again but got the same result,” she said. “There was no way my card didn’t have cash. I had just taken out a loan.” She went back to the bank to find out what happened. She heard she had transferred money to her boyfriend’s account. “I couldn’t believe it!” she said. “He robbed me because I’m blind and lied to me, saying he doesn’t know how to use my phone but he was plotting to steal from me. He even forced me to get a banking app so he could rob me. He took advantage of my blindness,” said Elizabeth. Shortly after they broke up, her boyfriend used her account to buy clothes and left her in more debt. Elizabeth has now been blacklisted. “He took my money and bought a Toyota Tazz. I was really blinded by love. Now I’m repaying a debt for money I didn’t even use. “The loan will only be paid off in October next year,” she said. Elizabeth’s mum, Vuyelwa Motha (71), said she knew nothing about her daughter’s relationship until her lover scammed her. “She obviously hid the relationship from me. I found out when I asked her to contribute money towards our pastor’s burial and her card declined, while I knew she had money because she had just taken out a loan,” Vuyelwa told the People’s Paper. Vuyelwa said her daughter has to pay about R6 000 per month to cover her debt. “Not only did he take her money but he went as far as opening accounts in her name, using her stamp signature. One of the shops has blacklisted her, even though she has explained that she knows nothing about accounts being opened,” she said. She said her daughter has sleepless nights because of stress. “She almost had a heart attack. She tries to act strong for me but I know she is in pain,” said Vuyelwa. Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said: “A case of fraud was opened at Kwa-Thema Police Station. A warrant of arrest has been issued. Police are searching for the suspect.”