EVENT organisers have been hit hard by the Coronavirus outbreak. At least, three of them told Sunday Sun they had already booked venues, paid artists, printed and posted marketing material, booked flights and accommodation. Stu Berry, a financial director from Impi Concept events, said: “We were 23 days away from the Splashy Fen Music Festival. We understand this is an act of God and can’t blame anyone for it.” The event has been postponed to September 2020. “But this comes with risks, like losing clients and it might be difficult to get them back. econdly, if we were to cancel we’d lose between seven to eight million rands. It’d also mean that some of our people including the service providers will have no work for the next two months.We’re losing more than a R1 million due toCovid-19.” To date the actual loss is R8 820 000 and this means we’ll have to go through the same cost again. “We understand that business comes first but we had to strike a balance between what is good for our ourselves and everyone else,” he said. Splashy fen Music festival was set to happen on the 9 to 13 April at Bortanical Gardens, Durban. The event has been postponed to September 2020. Eyadini owner and event organiser, Jabulani “Mjay” Nzama, said he was forced to postpone his Durban South Picnic event, set to take place at Kingsburgh in Durban, yesterday. “At this point, I don’t have specific figures, but I know I’ve lost more than R500 000,” he said.These costs include billboard, posters and other marketing materials. I’d also invested a lot of money on advertising. I’d already paid the artists and I’d booked the venue already. I’d paid for the licences and everything was up to date. Also, more than one thousand tickets were already bought and I have to refund all those people,” he explained. He said that cancelling is not an option. “I understand that the loss is ongoing but cancelling is more expensive than postponing. This is because the artists don’t have to refund me instead we can look at the contracts and negotiate again. It also means re-advertising, reprinting and that means paying double,” said Jabulani. Time of the Writer publicist, Maryln Ntsele, said:they’d made a loss but cancelling was not an option.  “We definitely made some losses but at this point we can’t say by how much.”For example we had to change from physical interaction to virtual event and that comes with cost. Unfortunately, we cannot give you the actual cost because we need to read the agreements “Due to COVID-19 we had to broadcast live on our pages such as face book, Skype, twitter and our Instagram accounts. Questions and answer sessions, the panels were also done through these platforms,” she continued. TOW takes place on annual basis and this year happened on 19 to 25 March 2020. Local and international writers including journalist and award winning Author, Fred Khumalo from South Africa, Candice Mama from South Africa, Ebrahim Essa from South Africa, Remy Ngambije, from Namibia, Haska Shyyan from Ukraine were part of this event.