THE Coronavirus is a real menace to Earthlings. It’s the biggest threat to humankind since Polio and Measles in the 1940s. COVID-19 reminds me of the Arsenal Invincibles side that annihilated everything that came in front of them in the 2003/04 season. In township parlance, when we romanticise about such prowess, we say that “it/he has NO LOSE”. Only a special breed gets to own that tagline. The virus seems to have the deadly combination of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergman, literally and figuratively. This MCoronovich also has amazing survival skills, reminding us of the durable Patrick Vieira and Gilberto in the nerve centre. And the way it’s dodging health authorities and researchers, its silky skills are up there with Freddie Lunjberg and Robert Pirez, who infected full-backs with paralysis on the wings – all the while others were walking all alone. The World Health Organisation and scientists are still eating dust at this stage and have been locked in laboratories 24/7, trying to find a cure for the pandemic’s devastating 4-4-1-1 formation. I strongly suggest the virus, when nabbed, should be tested for performance-enhancing substances. At the rate things are going, we might just not have any further sport this year. All major sporting events are getting cancelled, leavingsoccer-mad fans with the PlayStation as the closest thing to the beautiful game, and others. The PSL will probably be suspended after this weekend’s Nedback Cup action. The league bosses will get cramps and suffer hamstrings before they sign off this decision. There’s plenty at stake, including sponsorships, partners, TV time schedules, relegation/promotion, ticket printing, broadcast deals and times. Suspending progammes will be costly. But sports should never be a matter of life and death – Bill Shankly was smoking his socks when he coined the famous phrase. Human lives come first and there must be precautionary measures in place. Government is not helping either. While other countries have closed off borders for some time in a quest to curb the pandemic, our president is more worried about economic repercussions. But the doctors and nerds in the labs should quickly come to the party and find a cure. What were they doing in universities all those years...exchanging copies of Hustler amd Loslyf magazines perhaps?, exchanging copies of Hustler or Loslyf magazines perhaps Countries should put their differences aside and work together to find a lasting solution. It’s scary. The death toll is rising by the minute. Sport can wait, in the meantime, let’s focus our energy on making sure we steer clear and do not contract this damn thing.