SJAVA is famous for producing some of the best songs locally about respecting women. But the internationally-acclaimed rapper finds himself in a sticky situation . . . AS ONE OF HIS EX-GIRLFRIENDS HAS ACCUSED HIM OF RAPE! The 33-year-old woman opened the case in Pretoria’s Lyttelton Police Station on 14 November. But she told cops the incident happened in Venda, Limpopo, in 2017. Speaking through her representative, the woman said police have made great progress with their investigation. “But the police, where the case has been opened, are better suited to answer on the progress. There are numerous processes to follow with a case of this nature before an arrest is made, and (Name withheld) is currently following said processes,” said the representative. The representative said they were in constant communication with the police handling the matter, and receive regular updates. Limpopo police spokesperson Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo confirmed that a case of rape was opened. Said the brigadier: “It was then transferred to the Thohoyandou SAPS in Limpopo on 22 November for further handling as the alleged incident was reportedly committed in the Thohoyandou policing precinct.” Mojapelo said the suspect was approached during the investigation. “The suspect wasn’t arrested, as the circumstances of this case demanded that the docket, after completion of the investigation, be forwarded to the director of public prosecutions (DPP) for further direction. “His court appearance depends on the DPP’s decision. We treat everyone equally before the law, regardless of their social standing or status. “The alleged incident reportedly happened on 9 September 2017 and the case was only opened after two years. This requires meticulous investigation to ensure every piece of information is followed up on.” National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson Mashudu Malabi-Dzhangi hadn’t responded to questions at the time of going to print. When called, the record label of Sjava (real name Jabulani Hadebe) Ambitiouz Entertainment was reluctant to comment. Label boss Kgosi Mahumapelo said the matter was of a personal nature and referred questions to Sjava’s lawyer. His lawyer, who identified herself only as Nothando, refused to comment. According to Sjava’s ex, the 2018 BET Viewer’s Choice Best International Act winner allegedly forced himself on her at the Porche Villa Hotel. This allegedly happened after the popular annual Royal Heritage Festival. It’s claimed that Sjava, who filled up Durban’s Chief Albert Luthuli ICC yesterday for the Night With Sjava show, used a condom during the alleged rape. The estranged couple had allegedly spent the night in the same hotel room from the wee hours of the morning. Read the police documents: “He woke up and started kissing her and she kissed him back and he started taking her clothing off and she kept quiet and did oral sex.” It is alleged that Sjava then took a condom and put it on before he forced himself on her. “She tried to stop him during the oral sex, but he didn’t stop. She just let it happen, as he was stronger than her. She was crying as it was painful. After he finished, he got off, held her and told her to sleep.” The woman, who can’t be named for legal reasons, told the police she had “never been herself” since the incident.