THERE’S something about Highlands Park. I just can’t put my finger on it yet. But one thing for sure, teams are being slain at Makhulong Stadium. A trip down the East Rand township of Tembisa is fast proving to be a nightmare for many PSL teams. The venue, made famous in the 90s by Tembisa Classic, is the proud home of Highlands. And they’re slowly but surely turning it into a slaughterhouse. Just a week ago, Glamour Boys Kaizer Chiefs were drowned out in the Tembisa storm, suffering a somewhat embarrassing elimination out of the Nedbank Cup. It’s almost the same as taking a trip to Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg to face Maritzburg United on a Friday night. Too much of a daunting task. Dreams of winning the league title, or surviving relegation, have been shattered by those Zulu warriors in the KZN Midlands. I was a little boy, face smeared with vaseline in the 80s when Sinaba Stadium in Daveyton was infested with live rabbits – in full support of Benoni United. The nearby Bunny Park, a miniature kiddies zoo across town in Benoni, always reported cases of missing rabbits from their burrows. How those cute little bunnies ended up ekasi in Daveyton and at Benoni United’s matches is a story for another day. We don’t want to incriminate the club’s die-hards supporters, most of whom are ancestors today. May their dearest souls rest in peace. On the pitch, there was nothing fluffy and cute when “Up the Rabbits” players took to the field. While the likes of Veli Mzimela and Paradise Sello kicked and broke the opposition forwards’ shin pads, others such as Richard “Litre” Lata, Vincent “Last Born” Makroti and Meshack “Mr Executive” Mjanqeka nonchalantly dribbled past stranded defenders nonchalantly. Kaizer Chiefs, Moroka Swallows, Orlando Pirates, AmaZulu, Pimville United Brothers, Hellenic, among others, knew that the long drive down the N12 Highway to the east always resulted in high-score defeats. Trekking to the Eastern Cape, many teams, past and present, remember the kind of pain they endured when they visited the Independent Stadium in Umthatha to play against Bush Bucks. Manning Rangers’ association with the Chattsworth Stadium resulted in the Mighty Maulers winning the inaugural PSL title in the 1996/1997 season. Rangers were stingy when it comes to giving away points at Chattsworth on their favourite Friday night. What’s needed in the PSL are fortresses to build strong bases for clubs. I understand we don’t have the culture of owning stadiums, but once a club has identified a home venue, it must be turned into a house of pain, where visitors will be lucky to return home even with a point. Highlands are on the right track. Their coach, Owen da Gama, after one enterprising league match earlier in the season, warned that someone was soon going to get a good hiding at Makhulong. Not a good hiding yet, but a spanking was handed out to Amakhosi last week. We’re expecting the same against Mamelodi Sundowns in thequarter-finals.