SETBACKS are an inevitable part of any footballer’s career, but what matters is how a player responds to them, and Kaizer Chiefs youngster Nkosingiphile Ngcobo can attest to that. After this outstanding midfielder’s performances in the MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) team, the then 19-year-old made his Absa Premiership debut last season in March. Yet his meteoric rise was soon abruptly halted by a long-term Achilles tendon injury which sidelined him for six months. The long-term injury also smashed his dreams of playing at the Under-20 Fifa World Cup which was played in Poland between May and June. “When one opportunity passes you do not need to worry as another one will come,” said the young prospect. “I needed to be strong as a player after getting that injury and missing out on a trip to the World Cup.” Ngcobo worked hard on his recovery, battled his way back and has been featuring in the Diski Challenge since late last year. His presence in the MDC has been crucial for Chiefs who are looking at finishing in the top eight to qualify for Diski Shield. Last month he was drafted into South Africa’s Under-23 Olympic preliminary squad. The player says the injury he sustained made him stronger and is hoping to do enough to impress national U-23 coach David Notoane. He added: Now here is another opportunity for me to play on the world stage. I am happy to be considered and I will work hard to prove my worth. “Hopefully my efforts will be enough to make the final squad which is my dream. It is every player dream to play at the Olympics. “I’m all good now, I just need to regain my confidence and be at my best again.” On Sunday when Chiefs defeated Bidvest Wits 4-3 at Dobsonville Stadium, Ngcobo scored a brace to help his side win. He is hoping his team will continue with the same performance when they visit Chippa United in the Diski Challenge Festival at Sisa Dukashe Stadium on Sunday. He stated: “We want to finish in the top eight. Going into next game we want to continue with the same form. It has not been easy, but we will keep on fighting.”