The coronavirus pandemic has been spreading in different countries daily and due to the virus, big events have been stopped from happening. On Sunday, President Cyril Ramaphosa declared a state of disaster because of the virus. As a result, banning large gatherings. This has affected the events that were planned in Mzansi and abroad. MTN Joyous Celebration Easter Tour also postponed  Read: SPREAD OF VIRUS CUTS MAMBAZO TOUR SHORT A number of events, such as the upcoming Boyz II Men tour that was going to be at the Sun Arena in Tshwane and at the Grand Arena Grand West in Cape Town next month, were postponed. The Scorpion Kings Live Concert that was going to be at Time Square in Tshwane next month was also postponed. US singer Bebe Winans was also set to perform at the Ticket Pro Dome in Joburg and the Durban ICC this week cancelled his show. Read: BEST AND WORST DRESSED AT THE DSTVMVCA Mr. Gay World which would've been held in Knysna in Cape Town from 26 April to 3 May was also postponed. During the past weeks, events such as the Cape Town International Jazz Festival, Afrikaburn, Bushfire Festival, World Football Summit, some graduation ceremonies at universities were cancelled and some postponed. The Management of the Market Theatre Foundation The Management of the Market Theatre Foundation told Daily Sun that they will comply and firmly participate in the national commitment to combat the Corona Virus as outlined by President Ramaphosa in his address last night. We have suspended physical attendances for all classes at the Market Theatre Photo Workshop and the Market Theatre Laboratory but we have put into place non-contact teaching methodology through online systems. We will support our students with data to download and correspond online . We have also cancelled all non-essential travel for our employees. The Management of the Market Theatre Foundation has met today to finalise our strategies for all our theatres; and which along with the national commitment will take into consideration the safety and wellbeing of our employees, artists, audiences and all other stakeholders. We will issue a detailed press statement later today. Red Bull BC One Cypher South Africa planned for 22 March has been postponed In light of the current concerns from the South African government and health authorities, the Red Bull BC One Cypher South Africa, planned for 22 March, has been postponed. We trust that this decision will be understood and respected by everyone. Please stay tuned for more announcements, and we look forward to seeing everyone back on the Red Bull BC One stage. For information on refunds, please refer to Webtickets. UJ Arts & Culture postpones upcoming events In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, UJ Arts & Culture, a division of the Faculty of Art, Design and Architecture at the University of Johannesburg has announced the postponement of all events scheduled to take place at its venues from 16 March until further notice.   Precautionary measures are being implemented to curb the spread of COVID-19 in line with communication from the South African Government. “The health and well-being of our students, patrons and clients are of the utmost importance. During this time of uncertainty, we at UJ Arts & Culture encourage our stakeholders and all South Africans to stay positive. Let's collaborate to keep ourselves healthy and, should we have any exposure to the COVID-19 virus to avoid transmitting it to others,” says Pieter Jacobs, Head of Department at UJ Arts & Culture.  While UJ Arts & Culture will monitor the situation and take a decision regarding events scheduled to take place after April 2020, the following events scheduled for the upcoming month will be deferred: Hannah Ma International Dance Residency, the ONDA/Wave performance, UJ Weekend of Stand-up, Comedy Con 2020, Diane Victor solo exhibition Folly, Frailty and Fear and A Grand Night for Singing.  Patrons who have booked and paid for any upcoming events will receive a full refund should they wish to not transfer their tickets to the new event date. All students, patrons and venue hire clients will be contacted within the next 72 hours by the UJ Arts & Culture team to make alternative arrangements. The 4th Annual South African Film and Television Awards (SAFTAs14) has also been postponed In light of the announcement made by President Ramaphosa and the Government’s strict actions in response to the COVID19 (“Coronavirus”) outbreak, the National Film and Video Foundation (NFVF) would like to inform you that the 14th Annual South African Film and Television Awards (SAFTAs14) will no longer take place at the Sandton Convention Centre on 27 – 28 March 2020.  Further details will be communicated in due course. Heineken F1 Joburg Festival postponed Formula 1® has today announced that due to the ongoing global situation regarding COVID-19 the Heineken ®.  F1 Joburg Festival due to take place on the 29th March has been postponed to protect the safety of all fans and participants attending the event.Formula 1®, together with Heineken ®, SAGP and the Gauteng Province remain committed to bringing the excitement of F1 back to South Africa and any decision on a rescheduling will be made at the right time from a public safety perspective. The Corona Sunsets Festival has been postponed         