DESPITE the cloud of uncertainty over the fate of the current National Soccer League (NSL) season, promotion-chasing Ajax Cape Town are determined to reach the land of milk and honey. Down in the GladAfrica Championship, the Urban Warriors lead the pack by 48 points, and are looking a sure bet for automatic promotion to the money-spinning Absa Premiership. The Coronavirus outbreak appears to have wrested fate from their hands as it remains unknown whether or not the current season will conclude as planned. However, Ajax boss Ari Efstathiou says the health concerns haven’t moved their eyes off the ball. “The team is in camp and we are continuing as normal. We just have to see what’s going to happen,” said Efstathiou. “Obviously we didn’t anticipate such a situation. We have been focused on our target for the season and that to gain promotion. That remains our goal. The team has worked so hard to get where we are and would like to see the mission through to the end. “But of course, our health comes first. We are facing a serious challenge the world over. We don’t know when the virus is going to be contained. We can only hope it is controlled soon.” The sudden departure of coach Andries Ulderink hasn’t had a great impact on the team. Under interim coach Calvin Marlin, the Warriors have chalked up nine points from four matches and lead second placed Moroka Swallows by seven points with six matches to go. The league has since suspended fixtures in both the PSL and the Championship over the pandemic, with PSL chairman Irvin Khoza explaining they are erring on the side of caution in these trying times. He would not be drawn on the fate of the Championship season. “Someone said let’s suspend the season, but the question that comes up is what happens to the promotion and relegation, the play-offs?” said Khoza “There are a lot of issues on the table. But what is important is that the Board of Governors, together with the clubs is that we are going to take a decision that is in the best interest of the country and make sure we act in a responsible way.” Ajax dropped down the lower league two seasons ago, mainly due to the much-publicised Tendai Ndoro ineligibility saga. But they are on their way back the top-flight football.