BLACK Leopards coach Alan Clark has cautioned Lidoda Duvha supporters to be easy on striker Mwape Musonda who has turned out to become a shadow of his former self this season. Out of the 19 Absa Premiership matches Musonda has played for Leopards so far this season, the 28-year-old could only afford to score five goals, with one assist. The Zambian international ended the past season as the top goal-scorer with 16 goals, making him an instant hit which sparked interest from Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs, SuperSport United and teams in China. Leopards are currently languishing at the foot of the PSL table, with a paltry 20 points from 24 matches, scoring 21 and conceding 36. Midfielder Lesedi Kapinga has been the trusted one for Leopards this season, scoring five goals in the process. Clark is arguing that Musonda is currently off-form but will pick up in their remaining six matches. They believe the coronavirus forced break will help him regain his confidence and form. According to Musonda’s former coach Joel Masutha, even Barcelona’s Lionel Messi, Ronaldo, Juventus’ hitman and Real Madrid’s Eden Hazard go through such moments where goals run dry due to form. “It is not only about one player,” argued coach Clark. “It is fair to say the whole squad have lost confidence judging by the position we find ourselves in on the log. We need just one win to turn around the mood in the team. “Fans must stop pointing fingers on Musonda alone, because the whole team is struggling to score goals.” Musonda was unfortunate earlier at the start of the season when all his potential moves failed to materialise, with Leopards chairman David Thidiela reportedly demanding an exorbitant amount for his release. This season, Lidoda Duvha fans have been frustrated by Musonda’s form and they always call for the former Orlando Pirates player to be replaced in most matches where he played at the Thohoyandou Stadium. But Clark, who took over the helm from sacked Cavin Johnson, reckons it is not fair to blame Musonda alone. Masutha, the former Leopards coach, backed Clark’s sentiments that Musonda will return to his lethal self before end of the season. Masutha worked with Musonda while still at Leopards when they were competing in the GladAfrica Championship two season ago, and also in the top flight. “Trust me, he will be back to his form. I know Musonda very well and he will score those much needed goals in their coming six matches,” said Masutha. “In football, such things do happen. They happen to the best in the business. He needs support from the team. So Musonda needs support on and off the pitch and you will see him score goals again.” Clark will need the best of Musonda to help the Venda based side avoid relegation.