Have you seen Sam “Mshengu” Chabalala? The Mpumalanga tycoon is wanted by the Hawks after failing to appear in court twice. He is facing a charge of fraud, two counts of corruption and possession of an unlicensed firearm. The Hawks has appealed to members of the public to assist in locating his whereabouts. Sam is out on bail of R200 000 and R500 000 respectively for two cases. He was expected to make his next court appearance on 06 March at the Witbank Magistrate Court, and another at the Middelburg Magistrate Court on 13 March. “The combined amount of the bail posted for the two separate cases has since been forfeited to the state,” said Captain Dineo Sekgotodi in a statement. Sam was first arrested in September following an investigation initiated by the Department of Home Affairs about his status in the country. Sekgotodi said: “He allegedly tried to derail the investigations after he tried to corrupt an official from the department to drop the probe. He paid R50 000 to the official and was nabbed by the Mpumalanga Hawks immediately after paying the inducement. His car at the time was also impounded. He was granted R200 000 bail pending further investigations.“ Whilst on bail He attempted to corrupt a senior police official in Middelburg in February to release his car which had been impounded and also to make his previous case disappear. He paid R120 000 bribe money, R50 000 down payment and later R70 000 which led to his arrest. He was released on R500 000 bail by the Middelburg Magistrate Court for corruption pending his appearance. He decided not to turn up and two warrant of arrests have been issued against him,” said Sekgotodi. Almost a week ago, it was reported that Sam had gone missing and has sent his wife a suicide note. Sekgotodi said the Hawks has seen a suicidal note claiming that he is going to commit suicide. “Despite the note, anyone with information which can lead to his arrest is urged to contact the investigating officers,” added Sekgotodi.Investigating officers are Colonel Daniel Hall on 071 481 3281 and Captain Dietlof Meyer on 071481 2977.