 The
Independent Communications Authority of South Africa is asking telecom
companies to consider lowering the cost of data in a bid to ensure productivity
during the period the coronavirus outbreak. The
regulator cited an increased need for internet connectivity in the face of a
growing number of employees working from home, as well as early school
closures, as part of measures aimed at curbing the spread of the deadly virus. "Icasa
is requesting all network service providers to heed the call to enable the
country to mitigate the spread of Covid-19, by facilitating easy and
affordable, and/or free access to data," the regulator said on Thursday. It said it
was engaging the sector on possible ways of radio frequency spectrum relief,
for the duration of the declared state of disaster to ease congestion, ensure
good quality of broadband services, and lower the cost to consumers. President
Cyril Ramaphosa on Sunday declared the virus a national disaster, as the number
of infections shot up. Some 150 people were infected as of Thursday afternoon.
The spread of coronavirus has forced schools and university to shut down early
for the first term break, while some companies have instructed employees to
work from home. "In
this context it is therefore critical that the Authority consider regulatory
concessions or relaxations to enable the sector to meet the demands of the
business unusual environment occasioned by the pandemic," said ICASA’s
Acting Chairperson, Keabetswe Modimoeng. Free pay-TV
channels Responding
to the proposal, MTN said it was exploring various options on the matter and
would make an announcement in the coming days, highlighting that it was already
running a strong digital education support programme, which supports school
learners. "Among
several education focused initiatives, we have already zero-rated over 100
websites including those of several academic institutions," said
spokesperson Jacqui O’Sullivan. Vodacom
recently reached a settlement with the Competition Commission to slash data bundles
by at least 30% and provide free internet access to the poor, as demanded by
the Commission in December. From 1
April, a one gigabyte of Vodacom data will cost no more than R99, compared to
the current R149, translating to a 34% price decrease. The company
said it would ensure that South Africans are connected and "businesses
continue to run using remote working in this time of national challenge". Apart from
mobile telecommunication operators, broadcasters and the post office were also
urged to come up with plan to ease the burden on consumers. Pay-TV licencees
open their audio and television bouquets to consumers who do not subscribe to
their services. DStv on
Thursday informed customers that it had "free access" to eight
24-hour news channels, in response to Covid-19. This means households that are
not subscribers will now access to BBC, CNN, Sky News, Aljazeera, euronews,
Newzroom Afrika, eNCA, and SABC News at no cost. Icasa said
it had asked the postal service to advise it of measures they intend to take
"to assist customers during this disaster period." SOURCE:
NEWS24 