AFTER ending their three-game winless streak, SuperSport United will be hoping to carry on from where they left off in their next league game. Matsatsantsa a Pitori edged Bidvest Wits 2-1 in their previous Absa Premiership encounter at Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit last week. The three-time league champions visit on-form Highlands Park at Makhulong Stadium today at 3.30pm. SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo and his charges expect a hostile reception against a team whose hearts they broke in the MTN8 Cup final in September last year. The Tshwane-based outfit inflicted a 1-0 defeat to the Ekurhuleni side at the Orlando Stadium to lift the trophy and R8 million cheque. In their first-round league meeting, Matsatsantsa a Pitori cruised into a comfortable 2-0 victory over the Lions of the North at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville, courtesy of goals by Thabo Mnyamane and Bradley Grobler. Highlands will be looking to avenge those defeats when they finally have a chance to host the former league champions in Tembisa. This will be their first meeting since their cup final meeting in Soweto. Victory for the Tshwane side will see them reach the 40-point mark as they are fifth on the log table with 37 points from 23 matches. Owen Da Gama’s boys are seventh on the log with 31 points from the same number of games. The Tembisa giants are unbeaten in their past five games in all competitions. They shared the spoils with Golden Arrows after playing to a 1-1 draw at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in Durban last week. They are still involved in the Nedbank Cup and host Mamelodi Sundowns in the quarter-final next Saturday. Highlands have turned their compact venue in Tembisa into a slaughterhouse. Not many teams are able to return with anything each time they step into the intimidating Makhulong Stadium. “We want every team that’s coming to Makhulong to know that they’re in for a tough time. This is our slaughterhouse. We have our fans behind us and are always confident of winning at home,” said hard-tackling defender Ryan Rae. Tembo hopes his team have turned the corner after losing three games on the trot before the Wits win. “We want to finish as high as possible on the log table,” said Tembo.