THE LOCKDOWN has brought fear to the people of Mzansi. How will they pay rent? How will they put food on the table? Too many questions! Not enough answers! THE UNCERTAIN FUTURE IS STRIKING TERROR INTO THE HEARTS OF MZANSI PEOPLE! “The virus is a curse to our livelihood,” said Sthabile Mahlangu (51), a mum of four kids and three grandkids from Vlakfontein, south of Joburg. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. COVID 19: WHAT ABOUT US THE LOCKDOWN has brought fear to the people of Mzansi. For years, she has been feeding her family by selling traditional crafts, beads, hats and caps at the side of the road. Every morning, at least six times a week, she catches a taxi from her rented home to the inner city. She spends R40 daily on transport. “My entire family relies on this business. None of them are working. “Who will feed my family when I’m home? I’m scared that my children will starve,” she said. Sthabile said she had a cough and she hoped officials would visit their home for testing. “We want to know if it’s only a normal flu,” she said. On Monday evening, President Cyril Ramaphosa announced a three-week national lockdown effective from midnight on Thursday, aimed at containing the spread of the coronavirus. Winston Mandiwa (43), a Zimbabwean taxi driver, transports commuters from Park Station in Joburg to Zimbabwe. He said: “Being a migrant in a time like this is very difficult. We can’t even provide for our families. I haven’t been able to send money home. “I fear the virus will kill many people,” said Winston. Thandi Ndaba (55) from Mzimhlophe in Soweto sells cold drinks, airtime and snacks. She’s a street vendor at Bree Taxi Rank and her customers are taximen and commuters. “I use the money to feed my three children and three grandkids. “We survive from hand to mouth and we’ve got nowhere to run to for help in these tough days,” she said. Zarina Sheikh runs a fast food restaurant near big companies in the inner city. She said she has lost more than half of her business. “Business has been very poor since last week. Since the outbreak, employees have been told to work from home and it has affected us.” Zarina said she won’t let go of her staff. Gugulethu Mehluto (27), an IT administrator said she will be working from home. “This will be tough on the people but a lockdown is in the country’s best interests.” In his announcement, Ramaphosa said a fund has been established to help support vulnerable South Africans as well as small businesses who can apply for government assistance.