A win is a win! Even if it means grinding out an ugly one. That's what matters for Mamelodi Sundowns at this point of the season. Sundowns closed the gap on Absa Premiership log leaders Kaizer Chiefs to four points following a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Stellenbosch at the Athlone Stadium in Cape Town last night. A goal by the Brazilians talisman Themba Zwane 10 minutes into the first half, helped the visitors to collect the three points. That took Downs to second on the log with 44 points with a game in hand. The Brazilians also celebrated the signing of Kaizer Chiefs midfielder George Maluleka on a pre-season contract in style by beating the Premiership rookies to make the title race interesting. Maluleka will join the former African champions in the 2020-2021 season. This win increased the pressure on the Soweto giants who led their Tshwane rivals by 13 points at some stage. The Brazilians recovered from a goal down to register a 3-1 victory over Stellies at Loftus Versfeld in their first-round meeting in December and they completed the league double against the Steve Barker-coached outfit in the Mother City. The last time the Tshwane giants were involved in the league was when they laboured to a 2-1 victory over Bloemfontein Celtic in Tshwane on 19 February. Their CAF Champions League involvement resulted with them falling behind schedule in the league. Stellies came into this game having won their past three league games at home and they fancied their chances of pulling off an upset against the nine-time league champions. But elimination in Africa’s premium club competition last Saturday when they lost 3-1 on aggregate to Egyptian giants Al Ahly, means that the Brazilians can now focus on the domestic  league. This was an interesting fixture for the neutrals as the win intensifies the neck and neck race between Downs and bitter rivals Chiefs. So far, so good for the league holders as they started their catch-up programme with a win. Downs fielded a tried and tested team as coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane did not take any chances. Downs found the back of the net as Zwane broke the deadlock as early as the 10th minute to put them on their way to collect the three points.  