Actress Nomzamo Mbatha appreciates her onscreen husband, Sdumo Mtshali. The actress said Sdumo has shaped her a person and as a performer. Nomzamo played alongside Sdumo as Thandeka and Sbu Ndlovu in Mzansi Magic's telenovela, Isibaya. Nomzamo wrote: "I say this without restraint, you are possibly the most incredible human being there is. Unchanging. Giving. So much centre. So rooted. I will never have the words for how you have shaped me not only as a person but also as a performer."Nomzamo also wrote about how Sdumo helped her prepare with her Coming 2 America audition tape."I have to share this too... because I want people to know the kind of heart you carry. How you nearly missed a flight out of Durban just so you could help me do readings for the last Coming 2 America tape submission. Letting me know I got it. Trust your voice Nomzee... let’s find God in the scene,” read part of her post. Read: KATLEGO DANKE BAGS NEW ACTING GIG She also posted another video saying good bye to her character, Thandeka. Sdumo. Kusukela ekqaleni... From day 1... to the very last frame. Our love and respect has transcended beyond the screen. I say this without restraint, you are possibly the most incredible human being there is. Unchanging. Giving. So much centre. So rooted. I will never have the words for how you have shaped me not only as a person but also as a performer. Grateful to have told the most beautiful love story South African television has ever seen. Grateful to have gained one of my very best friends . I have to share this too... because I want people to know the kind of heart you carry. How you nearly missed a flight out of Durban just so you could help me do readings for the last Coming 2 America tape submission. Letting me know I got it. “Trust your Voice Nomzee... let’s find God in the scene...” You have always wanted to see me and others soar. Here’s to Sbu and Thandeka! Here’s to you! ?? @sdumo.mtshali @isibayamzansi A post shared by  Nomzamo Mbatha ???? (@nomzamo_m) on Mar 11, 2020 at 1:08am PDT  Thank you. For seeing me. For believing in me. For giving me a chance. To the viewers and supporters of Isibaya... I am forever indebted. Every corner of every mall, airport... and homes... you have loved Thandeka until the very end. Thank you for allowing me into your homes and giving a mirror to young women and little girls around AFRICA and the world at large on what and who we can truly be. To @bomb_productions ... there will never be enough words. @zwabheka for everything... I am blessed to have so much of you in my life. For holding my hand. @sdumo.mtshali for being a teacher and a very best friend. To the entire crew and cast... you have held this ship together and helped to redefine television as we all knew it! I bow out knowing that you will continue to do so. . Thank you. Ngiyabonga. Ngiyabonga angiphezi! #ISIBAYA #ThandekaIsibaya inkondlo: @sbodapoet A post shared by  Nomzamo Mbatha ???? (@nomzamo_m) on Mar 11, 2020 at 12:26am PDT 