FOOTBALL agent Ratshibvumo Mulovhedzi is involved in a dispute with AmaZulu management over money owed to him following the appointment of coach Jozef Vukusic in September last year. Mulovhedzi of Rush Hour Sports Management claims that Usuthu boss Lunga Sokhela breached their agreement by refusing to pay the amount of R53 125 for agent fee he promised at the end of last month. This was a second instalment due after he paid the same amount in August last year when Vukusic signed a three-year-deal with the club. “We made an agreement and Sokhela was he supposed to stick to it,” said a fuming Mulovhedzi. “But instead of paying what is due to me as we both signed on the contract, he tells me that he increased the coach’s salary. “He said he didn’t hire me and won’t pay. I know that he also pays the coach’s accommodation, but that is between him and Vukusic. It has nothing to do with the amount we agreed on. I have a family to feed and school fees to pay. So I need my money.” Mulovhedzi warned Sokhela that unless he sticks to the agreement, Usuthu will get relegated. “I have escalated the matter to Fifa and also informed the PSL about it,” threatened Mulovhedzi, who has shown SunSport proof of the invoice he sent AmaZulu. “I have had a good relationship with him and don’t want to fight them, but he is taking me for granted. I trusted him and didn’t think he will treat me this way. “If he doesn’t pay me the club will be relegated. I am not a witch, but the same thing happened to Platinum Stars and also to Free State Stars, who also owed me money.” Although Sokhela was not available for comment, AmaZulu team manager Qedi Dlamini revealed that Mulovhedzi will be paid soon. “I know that he was due to be paid at the end of last month, but there was a bit of delay. There are others owed by the club as well,” said Dlamini. “If the agreement was in place, then it will be processed. The official (who process the money) was not there, but we are busy sorting it out. This could have been sorted out without involving the media. If Rush (Mulovhedzi) goes to the media, this issue becomes sensitive because it involves the coach.” AmaZulu are at the bottom of the Absa Premiership log with 20 points from 23 natches. Their next league match is against Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium in a top-versus-bottom clash on Saturday.