STELLENBOSCH FC coach Steve Barker is banking on home ground advantage in his team’s quest retain their Absa Premiership status. The Premiership is currently on lock down due to the outbreak of Coronavirus also known as COVID-19. The State President Cyril Ramaphosa has declared the epidemic a National Disaster and he said that not more than 100 people can do a public gathering. This has forced the Premier Soccer League to postpone the games until further notice for the safety of players and fans. But the teams have not stopped training with the hope that things will eventually get back to normal. Stellies, who are making their debut season in topflight football, are also amongst the teams that are working hard in the training fields. By the time when things get back to normal and football can be played again, Barker wants his players to be in top condition to resume their battle to retain their PSL status in their first year in the big league. The Mother City-based outfit occupy eleventh place on the log standings with 27 points from 24 matches. Four of the six remaining games will be played at the Athlone Stadium in Cape Town. Barker and his charges have home matches against Golden Arrows, Cape derby against Cape Town City, Chippa United and AmaZulu. Their only two away fixtures are against Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates at the FNB Stadium and Orlando Stadium. Barker believes that their biggest chance of collecting points and surviving the chop rests on their home fixtures. “We have four games at home and that gives us a great chance to pick up points and retain our status,” said Barker. Before the league was forced to postpone its fixtures, Stellies lost 1-0 to defending league champions Mamelodi Sundowns at home. They were supposed to have welcomed Arrows at Athlone Stadium today as the first of their remaining four home games. But they have no choice but to keep on training hard as they wait to see if the COVID-19 situation will get better or not. Barker, who guided his former team University of Pretoria to a Top8 finish in the 2012-13 season, says it’s important to maintain the Premiership status  first and not dream of a Top8 finish in the first two seasons in the topflight. “Our biggest objective is to maintain our status and grown in confidence. A Top8 finish will be a bonus, if we can get it our main goal is to secure our league status,” added Barker. 