PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has announces a new phase of the country’s lockdown to stop the spread of the deadly Coronavirus where people will be screened in their homes in villages and cities. Addressing the nation via a television link on Monday night, Ramaphosa the new phase will be rolled out in the coming days where 10 000 field workers will going to the homes of residents to screen for symptoms of the virus. Those found to have symptoms will be referred to local clinics or mobile clinics for testing. The announcement comes as the country recorded 1326 confirmed cases and three deaths as of Monday night. “People who are infected with coronavirus, but who have no or moderate symptoms will remain in isolation at home or at a facility provided by government and those with severe symptoms will be transferred to hospitals. “Using mobile technology, an extensive tracing system will be rapidly deployed to trace those who have been in contact with confirmed coronavirus cases and to monitor the geographical location of new cases in real time,” Ramaphosa said. He added that the drive would be far reaching, intensive and unprecedented in scale. Ramaphosa thanked those who have have been adhering to regulations so far but expressed worry that there are those who were still defiant. “Some people may think this disease is something that doesn’t concern them and will never affect them. That it is something they only read about in newspapers or see reports about in TV.“But it is very real, and it poses a great danger to every one of us and to our society. It infects the rich and the poor, the young and the old, black and white, those who live in the cities and those in the villages. “Let us not make the mistake of thinking this is somebody else’s problem,” he said. He emphasized that every time each one of us violated the regulations, they were putting themselves and others at risk and thereby help spreading the virus.Ramaphosa said the government acknowledged and were aware how the lockdown has impacted and disrupted people’s lives and caused distress to the economy. He said the administration had to take this painful decision to save lives.The researchers and scientists agree that the lockdown decision was a correct one. “They (researchers and scientists) were concerned that without quick action we were only a few weeks away from a similar situation to other countries which have been adversely affected. “That is why we took the radical step of locking down the country for 21 days. This is an extreme measure we had to embark upon in response to the #COVID-19 pandemic.The health systems of many countries, including hospitals and clinics, are under tremendous stress as they deal with the pandemic,” he said. Ramaphosa appealed to resident to stay in their homes for the next 17 days and that people should leave their only if it is really necessary. And even when they go out, he appealed, people must make sure they don’t get infected or infect anyone.He said the next 17 days will be even more difficult, as parents were getting worried about the safety of their children and small businesses and informal traders are losing income and workers worried about their jobs.“All of us are experiencing great hardship and great anxiety at this time. We have experienced a number of challenges that have imposed enormous burdens on our people,” he said.Sent from my iPad 