But today death has separated the two sisters. The shocking footage was handed to Daily Sun by the aunt of the twins, Zinzi Maqada, one of many residents protesting outside the creche. READ: YOUNG GIRLS BLINDED BY CASH! Heartbroken mum Precious Cele (36) told Daily Sun yesterday she took her twins to creche on Monday morning. “I never thought I would come home with only one of my babies,” she said.   Precious from Green Village, Soweto, received a call at about 11am asking her to meet the principal and teacher at a surgery. One of her daughters was not feeling well. When she got there she was met with the news – her daughter had died! “They told me the teacher had just fed her two spoons of mashed potato when she started having seizures,” said Precious. She asked to see the footage of what had happened because the creche has cameras. READ: PRINCIPAL BUST FOR FRAUD! “The footage shows the teachers squeezing my daughter between her thighs, one of the teacher’s legs on top of Emihle’s leg,” she said. “She feeds her while her head is facing up. Emihle’s leg keeps moving, meaning she’s gasping for air. “The footage clearly shows that by the time the other teacher took Emihle it was too late –her body already looked lifeless. “The doctor confirmed that my baby was already dead when she got there.”  Angry Zinzi (26), Emihle’s aunt, said: “What the footage shows isn’t what they told us. For that we want the creche shut down and the teacher who fed Emihle arrested. “Nothing will bring my baby back, but justice must be served. We’re grateful to the community, who support us and agree the creche must be shut down.” Zinzi said: “Emihle was suffocated with mashed potatoes. Not even soft porridge but potatoes! Who does that to a child? “It’s sad that the principal ran away. She doesn’t come to face us. The teacher who killed my niece is nowhere to be found.” Yesterday at the creche, angry residents demanded it be shut down. “I came to fetch my son. I don’t want him to die,” said an angry parent. “This place will kill other kids if nothing is done.” Another parent said the teachers were heartless.  “Clearly these teachers force-feed kids all the time,” said a fuming parent who had come to collect her daughter. “These people have no shame. Both the principal and teacher took off.” READ: MRS MADLALA REVEALS SHE WAS JUST A CLEANER BEFORE UZALO Daily Sun called the principal but her phone rang nonstop. Captain Kay Makhubele said an inquest docket was opened. “An investigation has been launched and no arrests have been made,” he said. At the time of going to print Daily Sun couldn’t get a hold of the social development department.