The process to
repatriate 122 South Africans living in Wuhan, China – the epicentre of the
Covid-19 outbreak – was triggered on Tuesday night, setting in motion a series
of phases to ensure they arrive in South Africa safely and healthy on Friday
morning. Speaking to Bongani
Bingwa on Talk Radio 702 on Wednesday morning, GCIS acting Director General
Phumla Williams assured listeners that passengers will be tested for Covid-19
continually. Williams said that the
plane, which left from OR Tambo International Airport on Tuesday night, will
stop over in the Philippines to refuel before proceeding to Wuhan. Streets deserted in
coronavirus epicentre Wuhan Streets and highways
are deserted in the Chinese city of Wuhan, where the new coronavirus outbreak
emerged. The city has been on lockdown for more than a month. The number of new
cases in the country has dramatically fallen in recent weeks but We... "They will be
processed through the normal immigration of China, so their records have got to
be in line with the Chinese government," Williams said. "Thereafter they
will be departing from Wuhan and we are expecting them in the early hours of
the morning on the 13th." She added passengers
will be tested before, during and after their flight. "There is no room
for us to stop checking them. Before they board the plane, they will be
pre-screened. Should they in any way present symptoms, they will not be brought
back home," Williams said She added the airport
was also been prepped to receive them. "From there they
will be taken to the venue where they will be quarantined for precautionary
measures for a minimum of 14 days, but it can go on to 21 [days], but the
minimum is 14 days," Williams said. No physical contact
with family "At this point we
are opting not to say where they will [be quarantined] but I'm sure with time
South Africans will know." While in quarantine,
they will not be able to physically interact with their families but may do so
telephonically. Williams said some
South Africans opted to stay in China for various reasons and stressed that
those coming are virus free. While the location of
the quarantine area is still unknown, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize previously
noted that it would meet the necessary health and security requirements, News24
reported. He said upon release
the group of South Africans will still be monitored and government will stay in
contact even after quarantine. On Tuesday, the South
African National Defence Force (SANDF) left for China on a chartered flight to
repatriate the group, News24 reported. President Cyril
Ramaphosa saw them off, thanked them for their service and inspected the
airport's readiness to deal with Covid-19. SOURCE: NEWS24