 The
Department of Human Settlements, Water and Sanitation will increase the
provision of water and sanitation in high-density public areas, informal
settlements and rural areas in response to the novel coronavirus outbreak in
South Africa. On Monday,
Minister of Human Settlements, Water and Sanitation Lindiwe Sisulu announced
the intervention as a measure to curb the further spread of the virus. At the time
of publication, there were 62 confirmed cases in South Africa and more were
under investigation. Handwashing
against coronavirus out of reach for billions One of the
cheapest, easiest and most effective measures against the spread of COVID-19,
is to wash your hands frequently with soap and water. But billions of people
around the world don't even have access to a safe place to wash their hands. In a
statement, Sisulu appealed to South Africans to wash their hands regularly but
to use water sparingly to ensure that everyone has their share. The
department will provide water tanks and standpipes to increase access to water
for residents in rural areas and informal settlements, and provide water tanks
and sanitisers in public spaces, including taxi ranks, trains and bus stations,
and other areas where people congregate. "We
find ourselves in an unfortunate situation where we are called upon to respond
to this pandemic. We commit ourselves to do everything possible to respond to
the urgent needs of our people through the provision of water and sanitation as
we confront the possible spread of the virus," Sisulu said. Special
hub: News, live updates, research and helpful information on coronavirus in SA
and the world in one place "We
call upon everyone in the human settlements, water and sanitation sector to
work with government in responding to the coronavirus. We also appeal to
residents where we will be providing services to work with our officials. This
is a matter which requires all of us to play our role in order to
succeed." President
Cyril Ramaphosa declared the outbreak a national disaster on Sunday evening. He
announced drastic response measures to prevent the further spread of the virus,
including travel bans and the closure of several ports of entry. SOURCE: NEWS24