WITH 150 cases of coronavirus reported in Mzansi, Gauteng remains at the centre of the outbreak. As a result, the City of Joburg has taken measures to avoid the virus being spread. Yesterday, Metro Bus and Rea Vaya said one person would sit on each two-seater and two on each three-seater bench. Mayor Geoff Makhubo said all buses would be sanitised every 24 hours and washed twice a day. “Sanitisers will be provided to commuters. Cash payments for trips are suspended and commuters are encouraged to get tags, which will be issued free of charge during this period,” he said. At a media briefing on Wednesday, Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula said he expected taxi and bus drivers to prioritise the safety of passengers. Daily Sun spoke to regular bus commuters who had different opinions about the drastic measures. Thabang Mokoma (34) said he was worried about not being able to use cash. “Purchasing cards at Rea Vaya stations is problematic because their system is always offline,” he said. Precious Mkhele said: “I appreciate what the bus services are doing because they are putting our safety first.” Among the measures are the daily application of specialised 24-hour germ and virus-killing surface cleaners on all of the company’s 1 200 buses and at terminals. General manager Derick Meyer said passenger education programmes were also introduced along with the provincial transport department. Transport MEC Bonginkosi Madikizela visited the company’s terminal on Wednesday to see buses being sprayed. Meanwhile, the City of Cape Town has reduced the number of passengers on MyCiti buses to 20 to make sure each passenger has their own seat. Siviwe Gwarube of the DA said public transport providers needed to come to the table. “About 60% of commuters spend 30 minutes of their day on public transport. “There are no easy solutions here. Our concern is that there seems to be no urgency to engage both Prasa and taxi associations,” said Gwarube. Golden Arrow commuter Snodia Jones (44) said she would do her best to follow the guidelines. United National Transport Union secretary general Sonja Carstens called for the suspension of all train services. “It’s the only way for Prasa to implement the drastic measures called for by President Cyril Ramaphosa,” she said.