COMEBACK kid Wayde “Dreamer” Van Niekerk is ready to defend his 400m Olympic title! After he distanced himself out of the public eye for two years and missed major world events on the athletics calendar due to a back and knee injury, the poster boy of Mzansi athletics is back and healthy to resume his track and field duties. The Olympic record holder with 43.03 seconds, says that he will not buckle under pressure of retaining his title at the Olympic Games taking place in Tokyo, Japan from 24 July until 9 August. He was back on the track for the first time in two years in Bloemfontein in the 100m and 200m events during a provincial meeting recently. The desire to become back-to-back Olympic champion pushes the former SA Sports Star of the Year to go on and win more Olympic gold. “I’m feeling positive and excited to be back. I don’t see myself as injured and being disadvantaged anymore. I still need to do a little bit of work though, but I’m on track,” he said. Van Niekerk is currently working on his endurance by taking part in the 100m and 200m events. But he will stick to his favourite 400m event at the SA Senior Track and Field Championships next month. He also confirmed that he will take part in the Grand Prix Series starting next month. Last year, he missed out on the IAAF World Championships in Doha, Qatar. He was unable to defend his 400m world title after winning it in 2015 in Beijing, China and in London, UK in 2017. “I would have loved to be at the World Champs, but I accepted the fact that I was not going to do it. But I’m hungry to get back onto the track and compete for medals again at the highest level.” Speaking at the launch of the Vitality Running World Cup in Joburg yesterday, Van Niekerk, who is the Discovery ambassador, said he will handle the pressure of delivering the gold medal in Japan like a professional. “Pressure is part of the game and it’s not something that goes away, I’ve learned to accept pressure and still want to win another Olympic gold medal.” But being out the sport for so long, can be good or bad for Van Niekerk at the Olympics. “Whether the camera focuses on me or not, underdog or not, I’m ready to rediscover my best form. This year I’m focusing on 400m I’m close to getting back to my best. The 100m and 200m is for getting my speed back. I want to win a medal for SA in Japan. I’m focused on that.”