 Former
crime intelligence boss Richard Mdluli’s lawyer has asked that the Gauteng High
Court give his client a fine rather than throwing him in jail. Mdluli and
his fellow former cop Mthembeni Mthunzi were found guilty last year of
assaulting and kidnapping Mdluli's late customary wife, Tshidi Buthelezi, Oupa
Ramogibe and Alice Manana in 1998. Buthelezi
died from an illness while Ramogibe was gunned down in 1999. Motloung
said during sentencing proceedings on Thursday that a fine was "a more
proper" sentence. He even panned recommendations by State witnesses that
Mdluli be given community service. He was arguing in mitigation of Mdluli's
sentence. "Initially,
I was more inclined to go with the sentence recommended by two social workers,
that of correctional supervision. It looks like correctional supervision will
still be hard on Mdluli. "Social
worker Portia Morudi-Dabishi painted a picture of where my client does
community services and is ordered to clean a police station where he was a
commander, and later national commander of the police intelligence division.
That for me is still too hard. "What
useful purpose, if any, would be served by sending the two accused to direct
imprisonment? Revenge, yes it will do," Motloung said. Convicted
on 6 counts "My
client was initially faced with all 12 counts and was only found guilty on six
counts - two counts of kidnapping, assault common and assault with intent to
cause grievous bodily harm. Where is the evidence on these charges is? "The
only evidence is that of Manana, who is a single witness, and who testified on
all six charges. For all intents and purposes, the six counts are a single
act," Motloung told judge Ratha Mokgoatlheng. Motloung
said Mdluli had been an exemplary servant to the people of the country. "He
has given 38 years of his adult life as a protector of society. He started as a
labourer and at some stage became a teacher. "He
worked himself up and ended up with a degree. He had to drop out of school in
Standard 8 and later returned to his studies. "There
is a single dark spot on the history of my client. Does this warrant him going
to jail? Does he pose a danger to society? Prison will serve no purpose,"
Motloung said. "It is
cold comfort that financially his children will be taken care of. He is not
only a caregiver to his family, he is a pillar not only to his immediate family
but to his extended family too," Motloung said. Motloung
said the matter was a crime of passion on an "undisputed and unchallenged
facts". Married "Mdluli
was married to Buthelezi and their child was 5 years old at the time. This is a
married man who accommodated his wife and child. "The
State failed to prove that he was hiding the docket. They (the State and and
police) decided to do their job 22 years down the line.  "He
was arrested in March 2011. He has been on trial ever since and has never found
peace. Charges were later withdrawn and were reinstated. That in itself is a
mitigating factor," Motloung said. Motloung
said Mdluli has already been punished in many ways due to negative publicity. "There
is no one in this country who doesn't know how 'dirty' he is. It is lingering
in many minds that he killed Ramogibe and he was never charged for that. "He
was detained for 21 days while awaiting bail. If you were to sentence him for
another 21 days in jail for the six charges that happened on one day, I will
say it is still heavy on my client. He has been punished to a great
extent," Motloung testified. SOURCE:
NEWS24