President
Cyril Ramaphosa was mindful of the anxiety and growing frustration South
Africans were feeling as he strode to the podium at the front of the media room
in the Union Building. Instead of
uttering the three often fateful words which tumble from the lips of heads of
state as he began to address the nation - "Fellow South Africans" -
Ramaphosa first apologised for keeping the country waiting as it waited for
word on government's plans to fight the spread of Covid-19. And many of
those eagerly waiting to hear him speak were parents of school children or
young adults at university. President
Cyril Ramaphosa placed a partial travel ban on foreign nationals from high risk
countries such as Italy, Iran, Spain, US and China. Just hours
before Ramaphosa's address, Wits University confirmed one of its students had
tested positive for Covid-19, becoming the country's first known local
transmission case. The
university sounded the alarm and instructed 305 medical students who may have
shared a lecture hall with the affected student to go into self-quarantine. Earlier in
the day, the South African Jewish Board of Deputies took the decision to close
all Jewish schools under its administration for a week, starting on Monday. It was
clear academic administrators and parents were rattled - the president had to
act, and on Sunday he did so decisively. Ramaphosa
announced that schools would be closed from Wednesday 18 March. He said
schools would remain closed until after the Easter weekend, which runs from 10
to 13 April. This means
many children will remain at home for almost a month before returning to
school, if the dates are not extended. Many
independent schools, which follow a four-term calendar, were due to shut their
doors on Friday, while those who follow a three-term system were due to
continue teaching until 9 April. Ramaphosa
said to compensate for the extended closure which starts this week, the
mid-year school break would be shortened by one week. University
closures In his
address, the president said government was "working closely" with
colleges and universities. He added
that higher education minister Blade Nzimande "is consulting with vice
chancellors of universities and colleges across the country and will soon be
announcing measures in this regard". But just
hours after the president's address, the universities of Cape Town,
Johannesburg and Wits announced they were suspending classes from Monday. The
University of KwaZulu-Natal has followed suit, saying on Monday morning that
they had suspended academic programmes with immediate effect. SOURCE:
NEWS24