LUCKY Montana was a law unto himself! This is according to former Prasa board chairman Popo Molefe, who testified at the Zondo Commission yesterday. Molefe said Montana, the former group CEO, didn’t want to account to the board. He said his board was appointed a few months after the rail agency had awarded contracts for the modernisation project expected to cost R172 billion over 40 years. He said Montana refused to give the board information and reports. “As a new board, we felt duty-bound to ask for a detailed presentation on the contract and asked for the actual contract to see what the company was committing itself to,” said Molefe. “At meeting after meeting the group CEO was reminded that the board needed the contracts, but they were not forthcoming.” When the reports did not come, the board decided to contact the law firm working on the contracts to make presentations. He said it also asked the CEO of the company that won the tender to make presentations. “The CEO was very angry that we went directly to the lawyers to ask for the contracts,” he said. Molefe said in September 2014, he and Montana had to cut short an overseas trip because the annual report should have been ready to be presented in parliament. He said Montana, as CEO, would have known before the trip that financials had not been concluded. “Montana was beginning to question the integrity and validity of the board. He was complaining that he was not consulted when the new board was appointed,” said Molefe. He said the board then heard from the media that the public protector had released a report on maladministration at Prasa. Molefe said immediately after that report, Montana said he would not be renewing his own contract but said he would stay on for six months while the board looked for a replacement. He said the board found out about the formal report after Montana went on leave. “He deliberately misled the board because he wanted the board to approve a tender that was seriously flawed,” said Molefe.