KHAMA Billiat and Justin Shonga’s business manager, Mike Ngobeni, has advised all players not to panic and follow instructions from their respective clubs. Speaking as a player agent, Ngobeni confessed that this coronavirus pandemic has brought about a number of complications, but “players must not panic” and advised them “your health comes first”. Football around the world has been stopped due to seriousness of this virus outbreak, also known as Covid-19. This week, the PSL suspended all league matches following President Cyril Ramaphosa’s pronouncement declaring a state of disaster, with the instruction prohibiting gatherings of over 100 people. This has affected all players, football and other sporting codes in the country, many of whom are worried on the next step, as they hope to see their favourite sport back. The number of infected people in South Africa is increasing daily. This has brought about financial implications on players’ salaries, appearance fees and other perks like win or draw bonuses, as that is an added incentive on players’ pay. With no football, there is also a loss of broadcast revenue, loss of match-day income through gate-takings, but this is not worth their health and well-being because their lives come first. Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa gave PSL the green light this week for matches to be played behind closed doors, as long as screening processes are adhered to. However, Safa, the country’s football controlling body stuck its guns and said no matches can resume. “Without football players, there’ll be no games,” said Ngobeni. “As M-Sport Management, we support the government and Safa because they are putting safety first. As you know, our value as a company is when the player plays football. “This is of course hard to swallow. “We have encouraged our players to stay home, make sure that together with their families they are safe. That’s what comes first for us. Other stuff will be taken care of later. “We have told them if their clubs say come to training, they should follow that guideline. But we have to make sure health comes first, not money.” The situation gets worse and muddy for players whose contracts are set to expire on 30 June, and those who have signed pre-contracts with other clubs. A case in point is Kaizer Chiefs midfielder George Maluleka and Stellenbosch FC striker Iqraam Rayners, who are due to join Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United respectively on 1 July. If the PSL continues after June, by football law, Maluleka and Rayners cannot play for Chiefs or Stellenbosch, but they must report to their new employers.