THE League is a marathon, not a sprint. So says Kaizer Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp. The German mentor is not panicking after his side’s latest setback losing 1-0 at home to AmaZulu in the Absa Premiership which saw them miss an opportunity to pull further clear of their nearest chasers Mamelodi Sundowns. But he is expecting a tight finish to the season with defending champions Sundowns pushing his team until the end, especially now that they are out of the Caf Champions League and are more focussed on the title race. “I know it’s a marathon,” said Middendorp. “It’s a marathon for teams fighting to win the league at the end of the season and it’s a marathon for those fighting for survival at the bottom. “I have said it again and again that we are a work in progress. We are coming from position nine last season, we do not believe that we are the kings or whatever. We never had that feeling. “We know that we have our quality and our right mindset, but it has to be brought into every match. “You don’t just snap your finger and win the league. I have never put that opinion into place. “I have always been aware that it will be a hard race, a marathon until the end of the season. It will be close.” Middendorp however, admitted that he would like to see more consistency from his charges from now until end of the season. Amakhosi have been unable to win more than two games on the spin in the league since the turn of the year, something that must be of concern to their fans who are hungry for success. But Middendorp is not losing any sleep over it, at least not yet. It is a normal run all over the world,” he insisted. “You have a number of games and you produce a good position then you have games where opponents are coming with a different approach. “Good, some players maybe are not producing their best performances at the moment, but this is normal. It is not unusual. “I said after the (Soweto) derby win that nothing would be decided then, we have to make it happen in the next games and that is what a season is about, producing results consistently.” Chiefs will have all the time they need to work on aspects of their game that need improving with the Nedbank Cup taking centre stage this weekend. Their next assignment is a clash against Bidvest Wits at FNB Stadium next Wednesday (7.30 pm).