 A Mpumalanga man who was sentenced for rape
and the culpable homicide of two minors claims he was bewitched. Lincho Makhubela (23) was sentenced to two
life terms for rape, 10 years for kidnapping and 10 years for culpable homicide
by the Mpumalanga Division of the High Court sitting in Graskop on Thursday. Makhubela told the court when he was
testifying that he believes he was bewitched because a normal person wouldn't
have done what he did. "If I
was not bewitched, I wouldn't have done this, because a sane person wouldn't do
this," he said. He said when
he committed the first crime he was lived in a Sangoma house and he would help
local Sangomas with digging medicine to make ends meets. "My
mind was not functioning well. Since the day of the incident, I have
nightmares, I could see her in my dreams and I can't sleep well. "What
happened still hurts me a lot and I am suffering emotionally," he said. Last month the state revealed that on 31 March
2018, Makhubela was visiting in Nonyane when he spotted a 9-year-old girl
playing with her friends. He asked
them to accompany him and turned the friends away. He later dragged the girl to
a nearby bush, were he repeatedly raped her and threaten to kill her if she
screamed. While on 08
June 2018, Makhubela found 8-year-old Nokubonga Nonyane playing with her
friends, he lured her with an R10. Makhubela
further forced Nonyane to his house where he raped her until she was no longer
breathing. He tried to
resuscitate Nonyane but it was too late. Nonyane's lifeless body was found
dumped in Numbi three days later after she went missing. Judge Takalani Takalani Ritshibvumo said
Makhubela violated children who were defenseless. "What is worse is that you have somebody
that you wouldn't gratify your sexual desires, yet you had a lover. When you
violated these children you didn't think the hurt and the scars would live with
the children until they die. Parents cannot be policing their kids because of
people like you" Nonyane's
father, George Nonyane (51) said he welcomes the sentence and he is happy about
it. "We
are satisfied with the sentence, it's a good thing that he will remain behind
bars because we as the family will not see our child anymore," he said. NPA
spokeswoman, Monica Nyuswa said they are satisfied with the sentence hoping
that it will serve as a deterrent to those who are planning similar crimes.