MZANZI IS in lockdown for 21 days due to the coronavirus. And one of the safety precautions to fight the spread of the virus is practising social distancing. But it appears this was almost impossible for thousands of elderly people and people living with disabilities as they queued for their social grants across Mzansi yesterday! This after Sassa announced it would provide early payment of social grants for the month of April in an effort to lower the risk of Covid-19 infections, starting with the elderly and people living with disabilities yesterday and today. However, it appears many pensioners were not happy with this move. Yesterday, many expressed shock and anger over the overcrowding at pay points. Even though police were on guard at some pay points to ensure law and order, there was no social distancing or protective gear such as masks. Joseph Ramagogodi (77) from Dobsonville is one of the few who decided to go back home without making it to the front of the queue. He said he arrived as early as 6am, but was still at the back of the line towards midday. “I’m hungry, tired and need to take my medication. I’ll try again tomorrow morning and maybe people will be fewer,” he told Daily Sun. Doreen Maifadi (68) from Dobsonville said she was worried about her health. She said: “We are basically choosing money over our lives when the queue is this long. But what can we do as elderly people when we can’t afford gloves and masks to protect ourselves?” Tshiamo Samenza (57) from Kagiso, who is not a pensioner, but wanted to withdraw cash from the ATM, blamed government for the crowd. He said: “The queues are supposed to be managed well to stop the spread of coronavirus.” Daily Sun Sun also spoke to residents at Jabulani Mall and Dobsonville Mall, who also felt that the long queues and lack of social distancing would help spread the virus. Gogo Mavis Vilakazi (71) from Dobsonville said she lived alone and had no one to help her. “I need food, the only thing that’s left in the fridge is one tray of wors. I also ran out of maize meal and rice. I don’t have anything in my house,” said gogo Mavis. It seems the situation was not any different in Tshwane. Hundreds of Sassa beneficiaries flocked to Central City Mall in Mabopane, north of Tshwane, in numbers to collect their social grants. Thembisile Mtshweni (78) told Daily Sun she had to go back home as she couldn’t stand the long queues. “I will come back tomorrow because I have been standing here for too long and don’t want to risk my health,” she said. Many pensioners also had to face more long queues to do their shopping after receiving their grants. Thabong Shopping Centre in Sebokeng, south of Joburg, saw more than 1 000 gogos in queues to receive their grant payments. Sibongile Mkhize (65) said she had no other option, but to wake up and queue. “We got no other options but to fetch our money. In my family, we survive on the Sassa money,” she said. “If it means dying for our money, then so be it. Maybe we will be safe if government gave us masks at least,” she said. Some young people came to queue for their parents. Ntokozo Sithole (22) said: “It’s only the first day and we already have queuing problems. What will happen when the youngsters come to get their Sassa payments?” In North West, Sanah Mosielele (67) from Zeerus said she couldn’t wait to go back home. “I am not feeling well, but my grandchildren need to eat. At least I will get them something today,” she said. The situation was the same in Mpumalanga. Gogo Martha Khoza (62) from Pienaar said she had to leave her home at 4am, but it was already packed when she got to town. “I arrived at around 5am and thought I would find everything under control, but it’s not like that. There is no social distancing and I don’t feel safe. I wish government could fix that because we will definitely contract the virus if safety measures are not applied,” she said. Madala Salvador Ubisi (64) said he hoped pay points would open a bit earlier to avoid chaos and overcrowding. However, things ran smoothly in some parts of the country where officials visited the pay points. In Tzaneen, Limpopo, Social Development MEC Nkakareng Rakgoale visited Lenyenye Post Office and retail shops at Maake Plaza in Rita Village and Mathlakung Plaza in Maruleng outside Tzaneen. Seven other MECs and Limpopo Premier Stan Mathabatha visited other pay points. Rakgoale expressed concern at the large number of people still visiting retail stores and that other grant beneficiaries besides the elderly and people living with disabilities were also in the queues. ‘It was made clear by government that today and tomorrow we are only paying those specific grants so as to ensure lesser people in queues to ensure social distancing. We urge grant recipients to work with us,” said Rakgoale. Buses and taxis will be permitted to operate from 5:am until 8pm to cater to the transportation needs of society’s most vulnerable effective from yesterday until Friday.