 A KwaZulu-Natal granny has been raped and murdered,
allegedly by men posing as soldiers who said they were going around sanitising
homes, Social Development MEC Nonhlanhla Khoza said on Monday. Khoza said 75-year-old Genzeni Ernstine
"MaMthalane" Zuma "was raped and murdered by criminals who had
duped her into believing they were members of the SANDF (South African National
Defence Force)". "It's alleged that Zuma allowed the criminals in to her
home [in Sweetwaters, Pietermaritzburg] after they claimed to be SANDF members
assigned to sanitise homes in the area," she said. Khoza said Zuma's grandson discovered her body on Sunday
morning. "The grandson had been asleep in another house within
the homestead when the rape and murder took place." Khoza said government was concerned about "criminals
who take advantage of the national lockdown to rob and murder unsuspecting
citizens". "The deployment of the police and SANDF in our
communities is one of many measures to safeguard the lives of our people from
the invisible enemy (Covid-19) and we take exception when criminals use this to
commit crimes against unsuspecting people." Khoza said the rape and murder of an elderly person
"indicates that our people have lost ubuntu". "These criminals who falsely presented themselves as
members of the SANDF to gain access to the old person's home, must be traced
and arrested immediately. We have full confidence that our law enforcement
agencies will soon bring these thugs to book," she said. She further called on the public to assist law enforcement
agencies. "We are really taken aback by this incident, but we
call on anyone who might have information that may assist the police to come
forward and report such so that the police can track down the
perpetrators." Khoza said her department was concerned about the extent of
sexual violence and vicious attacks on senior citizens. "In light of the Covid-19 outbreak in our country,
which led to President Cyril Ramaphosa declaring a 21-day national lockdown,
our communities should be very vigilant of criminals who want to come into
their homes under false pretences. She said the department dispatched a team of social workers
to give psycho-social support to Zuma's family. SOURCE: NEWS24