The Cape Town International Jazz Festival has been postponed. The organisers made the announcement on Twitter on Friday afternoon after initially making plans to go ahead with the festival despite coronavirus fears.   "After 20 years of bringing some of the top local and international artists to the Mother City, we are deeply disappointed to cancel this year's event at such late notice. However, protecting the health of the public is the most responsible course of action at this time. We apologise for any inconvenience and will assist our loyal Festinos to navigate the refund process in order to make it as seamless as possible," he added. Visit the official website for more information about ticket refunds.  For refunds on Hospitality Packages, contact the espAfrika hotline on 021 671 0506 or email hospitality@espafrika.com to be assisted by the team. The Cape Town International Jazz Festival is scheduled to take place 27 and 28 March 2020 at the Cape Town International Convention Centre (CTICC) as it has done for many years before.But this year is different because the event is implementing new safety procedures following the outbreak of the coronavirus which has shut down music festivals all over the world, including SXSW and Coachella.In a new document uploaded to their website, the festival said steps such as all staff and artist shuttles being sanitised after each trip along with all stage equipment after each performance. Along with the announcement the organisers of the event wrote: "The Cape Town International Jazz Festival (CTIJF) management is working closely with the Provincial and local authorities and the CTICC to compile protocols to be implemented at the event following the confirmed South African cases of Coronavirus." SEE ALL THE STEPS IN THE DOCUMENT HERE:  The Cape Town International Jazz Festival safety protocols (Photo: Screengrab/ capetownjazzfest.com).   https://www.channel24.co.za/Music/News/cape-town-jazz-fest-implements-new-safety-protocol-amid-coronavirus-outbreak-20200313 