FORMER SABC COO Chris Maroleng wants a whopping R16 million or his job back. This ultimatum is contained in his court papers in the Labour Court, Joburg, as he is fighting tooth-and-nail after he was sacked for misconduct in April last year. Maroleng occupied the top post at the public broadcaster for less than a year, succeeding Hlaudi Motsoeneng, and is now subject to atug-of-war over his dismissal currently playing itself out in court. In his papers, which the SunTeam has obtained, a wounded Maroleng is demanding payment for damages for his four-year employment contract and casts a shadow on a process which lead to his dismissal. His papers subsequently accuse the public broadcaster of dropping the ball by not affording him the right of appeal in an allegedly questionable disciplinary process. “That the unlawful and summary dismissal and ultimate termination of the applicant’s contract of employment by the respondent constituted a breach of the respondent’s contractual obligation to address allegations of misconduct against the applicant by way of a pre-dismissal appeal hearing as incorporated in the applicant’s contract of employment,” read his affidavit. In his amended notice of motion, he points out the dismissal of other SABC executives who were allegedly dismissed in a similar fashion. He accuses GCEO Madoda Mxakwe of conspiring against him. Maroleng refers to a supplementary affidavit that he wishes to be heard by court, and points out grievances by James Shikwambana, a former manager at the public broadcaster. “I’ve been warned about Mr Mxakwe’s utterances that he would stop at nothing to ensure that I exit the organisation. I take these utterances seriously, even though he did not say it to me directly. Mr Mxakwe did try to interfere with the disciplinary case of former Good Hope FM station manager, Mr Brendan Ficks, who has since left the company after his contract was not renewed at the end of July 2019. A few days before the DC, he wanted to know who the chairperson of the DC was. He indicated that he worked with Mr Ficks at Nestle and he was very lazy. “He further wanted to know when his contract was ending, and when I said July, he said “that’s too far”.    He uttered similar words (they have to go) on the phone about general managers in Limpopo and the Free State in my presence, and they are gone now. “The other day I was driving both Mr Mxakwe and the chair of the board from the airport to Parliament. The conversation was about some negotiation between the SABC and Safa for the airing of Bafana Bafana’s Afcon 2019 qualifier matches. After the call, he said ‘Chair, we must build a case against this guy’, referring to the COO. “I was very shocked because he was less than a month in office. The conversation between the two went on and on and it made me very uncomfortable. My conclusion was that the former COO was a threat to him.” “When the newspapers reported that Mr Maroleng was going through DC, I was not surprised.” Asked for a comment, Maroleng said: “I’m looking to the courts to clear my name and reputation. We’ve put out in court papers that the manner in which things were done was untoward.” SABC acting spokesperson Mmoni Seapolelo said: “The SABC is not aware of the recent papers filed in the Labour Court by Mr Maroleng. The SABC can confirm Mr Maroleng was faced with serious charges, which prompted the SABC to conduct a disciplinary process. “On 23 April 2019, after due consideration of the findings and recommendations of a disciplinary process, the board resolved to terminate Maroleng’s employment contract. “Following this decision, Maroleng approached the CCMA regarding his dismissal but later withdrew his arbitration case. Should the SABC receive court papers from him, we will respond accordingly.”