THE National Education, Health and Allied Workers' Union (NEHAWU) is threatening to take the health department to court to force it to provide health workers with protective gear as they are frontline forces in the battle against the deadly coronavirus. The public sector union said it has ran out of patience in trying to get Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize to sit around the table to listen to its proposals on how this matter could be addressed. General secretary Zola Saphetha told Daily Sun on Tuesday night that they have given the minister until April 1 to comply or they will meet in court. He added the lawyers have already been briefed and told to prepare the papers to file immediately. “Even before the declaration of the State of Disaster by President Ramaphosa, we have been making requests for a meeting with the Minister of Health, Dr Zwelini Mkhize and departmental officials to no avail." He added that since the appeal by President Ramaphosa for all hands on deck to fight the virus, their members have had their hands full in the ront of the battle. Saphetha said the union welcomed the announcement by Ramaphosa of a massive screening and testing campaign but were worried about the shortage of protective gear for health workers. “We are highly worried about the lack of PPE’s (Personal protective equipment) for these volunteers. If they work without proper protective clothing and sanitizers they will run the risk of getting infected or spreading the virus as they visit households,” he said. Addressing an update press briefing in Durban on Tuesday late afternoon, Mkhize said allegations of the safety of nurses and their concerns needed to be addressed . “Any healthworker that raises a concern about protective gear has a right to do that, and we must ensure their concerns are addressed. We’ve had a discussion with medical device manufacturers . We need them to start building additional stock of ventilators.We want to be ahead of time,” he said. But NEHAWU is not sold. Sephetha said they have given Zweli until April 1 to comply or face court challenge   