AS THE old English saying goes, one man’s loss is another man’s gain. Already, scores of boxers are circling the South African heavyweight ring gunning for the title that used to belong to Ruann Visser. Visser was banned for four years after being found guilty of violating the doping rules by the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland and SA Institute for Drug-Free Sport (Saids) Joshua Pretorius is believed to be the first to make his intentions known by raising his hand in his quest to contest for the vacant belt. Joshua’s father and trainer, Corrie Pretorius, said it would be their pleasure to be approved by Boxing SA so that they can put it in line when Joshua meet Sutherland for WBA Pan Africa heavyweight title at the Mofolozi Casino in KwaZulu-Natal on 5 April. “We put a challenge shortly after we heard that the title was vacant,” said Pretorius senior. “We are hoping that the challenge would be accepted. It is always sad news when such things happen in sport – to the champion after all. I think the four-year ban was a harsher punishment. “However, it will be good for South Africa’s heavyweight divisions as it will open up competition. Visser has been holding on to that belt for far too long, and not putting it up for title defence.” Western Cape’s number one contender, Tian Fick, said his camp is also working on putting up a challenge. The unbeaten Fick was supposed to meet Visser in December for the national title, but their championship contest didn’t take place after the fallout off the ring. “It has been my dream to fight for the SA title, and winning it would be a great achievement for me. I promised my father that I will win it for him, unfortunately the fight did not take place,” said Fick. “As a number one contender I will wait for the winner between Pretorius and Sutherland. My promoter will soon put a challenge and probably the fight will take place in May,” he said. Visser tested positive for the anabolic steroid Stanozolol after winning the national crown on a seventh-round knockout over Osborn Machimana in February 2018. Saids then provisionally suspended Visser from competing and participating in any authorised sport at any national, or international level as from the date of the notification of his suspension which was 16 April.