BUDDING professional football players often make lots of sacrifices to reach their dreams. Juggling between academics and football is never easy, but some aspiring professionals who were in the recently completed Absa Premiership bio-bubble camp in Gauteng appear to be mastering the art. And no doubt their sacrifices will pay off in future. PSL history is littered with tales of former stars who struggle to make ends meet beyond football. The current crop of players are wary not to join the list of ex-professionals who struggle to make a living after their playing days are over. Baroka FC midfielder, Thuso Mogale, said even in his pursuit of a successful football career, education is the key and it cannot be compromised. The 18-year-old had to sacrifice school for a month to be in camp with his club in the bio-bubble. Talking to SunSport yesterday, Mogale said it was not an easy decision to make as his parents had the last word. “After I was selected that I will be part of the team that will travel to camp in Joburg, obviously I had to consult my parents,” he said “It was a tricky situation because my father was okay with me going but on the other side, my mother was not sure about choosing football over school. But eventually, we agreed, and they allowed me to be part of the team.” Mogale is in Grade 12 at the SJ Van der Merwe School in Lebowakgomo, Limpopo. He added: “So coming to the camp in Joburg I had to make sure I did well so that the time spent in camp won’t feel like wasted time. “And I am happy that I got a chance to play at the highest level, which is every youngster’s dream. “I know education is important but I had to take this opportunity, showcase my talent and I do not have any regrets. “We managed to save the team from being relegated or going into the play-offs. Now I am back at school catching up doing my best because I really need to pass matric.” He was not the only youngster who is still at school. Bidvest Wits star Rowan Human (19) is attending High School at King Edward VII in Houghton.