MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane admits that Kaizer Chiefs mentor Ernst Middendorp "deserves" to win the Absa Premiership title ahead of the final round of matches. It has been 12 months since the 2019/20 season started and it will finally conclude on Saturday following an enforced four-month suspension due to the coronavirus pandemic. Prior to the lengthy break, Amakhosi were in a comfortable lead at the top of the table with Sundowns still playing catch up due to their involvement in the CAF Champions League. Fast-forward to September, Mosimane's charges are now on level terms [56 points] with the Glamour Boys as only goal difference separate the two sides. In reflecting on the past season, Mosimane applauded his counterpart Middendorp for the work he has done at Amakhosi, highlighting the German's football "philosophy" as the key to the Soweto giants dominance at the top of the standings. "From me, personally and not from the club, is to congratulate coach Middendorp for the work done. I hope I am not misunderstood by talking about the title. For the work done for the year. I think he did very well," Mosimane said. "The team got a shock … and he put his methodology, his philosophy and if anybody wants to say he does not have the best philosophy then why are they sitting top of the log?"We had our jabs, me and him, right through the year… what can I say, it’s like in boxing. You know when boxers finish fights, before the fights there is always talks, there is always media hyping conversations. "Mosimane continued: "I think he understands we are all professionals. Now time is done for those things. Whoever wins we shake hands. He knows that I'll shake his hand. "He was a professional after the match against Kaizer Chiefs, he waited for me to shake my hand and say congratulations. "We had our own media hypes; we hype the league and I think it was hyped up enough until now. "If he wins it, he deserves it. He has been leading it for most part of the year and why not? I think he also deserves to win his first league title." Sundowns face Black Leopards at Dobsonville Stadium while Amakhosi take on Baroka FC at Bidvest Stadium.All the Absa Premiership matches are scheduled for Saturday. All matches starts at 3.30pm. - Sport24 