THE battle for the final spot in the Premiership next season will intensify this week as the promotion/relegation play-offs reach the business end. Black Leopards have put themselves in a commanding position after winning both of their matches so far against GladAfrica sides Ajax Cape Town and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). They edged Ajax 1-0 last week before easing past TTM 3-1 over the weekend to continue their perfect record and solidify their first position in the three-team mini-league play-offs standings. Lidoda Duvha are now just two positive results away from saving their top flight status and their mentor, Morgan Shivambu, is confident his side will get over the line. “Our next game is against Ajax, that’s where we need to wrap it up,” said Shivambu. “If we want to go back to the PSL, then we have to do things for ourselves and not expect any favours from anyone.” Shivambu is well aware that the battle has not been won yet, with the Urban Warriors and TTM still in with realistic chances to clinch promotion. Ajax, who already have three points in the bag after they beat TTM in the first match, will be desperate to repeat the feat when the two sides meet again at the Bidvest Stadium tomorrow (3pm). The Urban Warriors must take maximum points if they are to keep pilling pressure on Lidoda Duvha, who seem to be running away with it. Meanwhile, TTM are in the last chance saloon as failure to beat Ajax would signal the end of their chances of winning the play-offs. Shivambu is hoping for a draw between these two sides as it would keep both teams at arm’s length. “But the main thing is for us to ensure that we play our part and win all our games. We don’t want to depend on other teams, we want to do it for ourselves,” he said. TTM coach Lucky Nelukau, on the other hand, is hoping that his side overcome their challenges in defence having conceded six goals in their two matches so far. “I’ve been very disappointed by my defence. The goals we concede are just unacceptable,” said Nelukau. “The lack of concentration is what is worrying me, we conceded too many goals from set-pieces. “The finishing is not good either, we get five clear goal scoring chances but we don’t bury them. But it’s one of those things.”