KHAMA Billiat's solitary goal helped Kaizer Chiefs beat Chippa United 1-0 at Orlando Stadium last night to push the title race down to the wire. Billiat scored the all important goal in the ninth minute to ensure Amakhosi get closer to win the title and end a four year trophy drought.Chiefs are still at the summit of the table tied with Mamelodi Sundowns on 56 points going into the last round of matches on Saturday. This means Amakhosi will need to beat  Baroka FC at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday and hope Downs drop points against Black Leopards in Dobsonville to end their four year trophy drought. However, The Brazilians will need to score a lot of goals against Leopards as Amakhosi could clinch the title by virtue of having superior goal difference if they finish the season equal on points. Chippa were aiming to dent Chiefs title hopes since they were also promised big incentives by their boss Siviwe Mpengesi if they walked away with a point that would have guaranteed their safety from relegation. Chiefs were desperate for maximum points having lost 1-0 to Bidvest Wits in their last league game. Amakhosi knew that they could not afford any slip-up if they are to wrestle the title away from defending champions  Sundowns. The Soweto giants have been having a nightmare since the season resumed having won just one league game in six outings. Chiefs had an advantage coming into the game having beaten Chippa 2-0 in the first round played in November last year. Ernst Middendorp's charges had also won six matches compared to Chippa's five while the teams drew twice prior to last night's meeting. The Eastern Cape side only managed to beat Amakhosi last season 1-0 in the second round. Middendorp brought in Itumeleng Khune in his starting line-up to plug the gap left by Daniel Akpeyi who has been ruled out for the remainder of the season due to injury. He dropped Bruce Bvuma to the bench having conceded in their defeat to Wits. Khune returned to the side after almost a year on the sidelines. The German coach also started with winger Lebogang Manyama and midfielder Willard Katsande. His counterpart, Lehlohonolo Seema made six changes on his side that drew 1-1 with Stellenbosch in a league game on Friday with veteran midfielder Kurt Lentjies getting the nod. Chiefs made an impact early on with winger Khama Billiat forcing keeper Veli Mothwa to make a great save from close range in the fourth minute. The Zimbabwean player finally broke the ice in the ninth minutes when he converted Samir Nurkovic's flick header. Billiat could have made it 3-0 on the stroke of halftime, but instead of picking a spot he ballooned the ball over the bar with Mothwa at his mercy