IT was a sombre mood around Mzansi as the country commemorates the members of the South African Police Services who died in the line of duty. The annual SAPS Commemoration Day was officiated by the Deputy President David Mabuza at the Union Buildings in Tshwane. In the previous years, all the members of the SAPS and the families of the fallen heroes would all gather at the Union Buildings, but this year it was different due to the COVID-19 pandemic, each province held their own commemoration ceremony to adhere with the regulations. At the Union buildings Mabuza together with the families of the fallen heroes and heroines, laid wreaths in their honour. Their names have also been engraved on the National Memorial Wall at the Union Buildings to signify the gratitude of the nation for their bravery, loyalty and sacrifices made to serve and protect the people of South Africa. Mabuza said Cops are a vital agents of peace, security and social stability that ensure every girl child and woman can walk freely in the streets without the fear of being raped and murdered. "It remains a great concern that our officers are killed by suspects who are resisting arrests while responding to complaints, effecting arrests on stop and search operations and in vehicles accidents," he said. The Deputy President was also accompanied by the Minister of Police, General Bheki Cele, Deputy Minister Cassel Mathale, the National Commissioner of the SAPS, General Khehla Sitole and senior management of the South African Police Service. When addressing the guest Minister Cele began by quoting the saying: “It is not in numbers, but in unity that our greatest strength lies.” He  then said even though there is only a few of them gathered to commemorate their fallen officers, a lesser numbers doesn't diminish the gravity of their collective pain and loss. Cele also said they are paying homage to officers in blue who gave up their lives for the service of this country. "These officers last day on earth, started like any other. They got up, got ready for work and kissed their families goodbye. “But their work, and that of all the officers of the SAPS, is like no other, for the moment they put on that uniform, they answered a call to serve and to protect," he said. He also said that this year’s commemoration takes place amid a global pandemic that has affected the South African Police Service, in more ways than one. Furthermore, he added that  COVID-19 has robbed them of capable men and women, many who succumbed to the virus while on the front line. "This virus has robbed us as the Police Service of our tradition to bid the men and women of the law, with a befitting official SAPS send-off," he said. Cele acknowledge three departed officers based in Gauteng Sergeant Herbst, Warrant Officer Grobler-Koonin and Constable Langa. He said the remaining 37 fallen officers were following proceedings at various venues in other provinces. "Their loss should remind us all of the importance of community policing partnerships and the need for all of us to be active in the fight against crime," he said. 