DAN "Dance" Malesela is back at TS Galaxy. Malesela will be the Rockets' head coach during the 2020-21 Premiership season, starting next month. Galaxy boss Tim Sukazi purchased Highlands Park and his Mpumalanga club is expected to compete in the PSL while selling his GladAfrica Championship status. The PSL is expected to ratify the transaction between Sukazi and Bret Kaftel of Highlands Park this week, though under protest from co-director Sinky Mnisi. Mnisi was invited by the PSL's executives on Monday where he presented his case why he does not want Highlands to be sold. SunSport understands that the matter is with lawyers and the PSL due to write a letter to Mnisi’s legal team yesterday. Malesela has had countless meeting with Sukazi and indications are that the man from Mabopane is back on the hot-seat. He was introduced to some staff members on Tuesday where they had lunch. An insider told SunSport that the club met on Tuesday as they start with preparations for the upcoming campaign and on the agenda was the reintroduction of Malesela, who was fired by the club in February after they were knocked out in the first-round on Nedbank Cup competition. “Coach Dan is coming back to the club, to take over as a coach,” said the mole. “We are not sure what will happen to Mabhuti Khenyeza who took over early this year when Dan left.” The mole also added that defender Thabo Nthethe is earmarked for a top position in the Galaxy technical team in the PSL. Malesela made history last year when he led The Rockets to win the Nedbank Cup when they pulled a shock 1-0 defeat against Kaizer Chiefs in the final. He then led his charges into the continent but narrowly missed out on a Caf Confederation Cup group stages after failing to advance past Nigerian premier league side Enyimba in the play-off round. Before joining Galaxy in the GladAfrica Championship for the first time Malesela was at Chippa United and was fired three times by the same club. The 1980's Orlando Pirates star was assistant-coach at Chippa from December 2015. He was first promoted to caretaker coach in the same month, then to full-time head coach late March 2016, but within a month of that was put on “special leave” in April of the same year, and subsequently fired. He was reappointed coach in May 2017 and was fired in September of that year. Again, Malesela was hired as the head coach for the 2018-19 season in July 2018, and oversaw the preseason, but was fired again three matches into the campaign, in August 2018.