AFTER a perilous campaign that saw the side survive relegation by a whisker, Jomo Cosmos must hit the ground running to solve their goal scoring woes now that the curtain has come down the GladAfrica Championship. A dearth of goals, which is the lowest total (23) in the first division and South Africa’s entire professional setup, was a recurring headache for Ezenkosi, who only secured their place in the final day of the campaign. Cosmos finished 14th. Even relegated Royal Eagles (finished bottom, 29 goals) and TS Sporting (finished 15th, 26) scored more than Jomo Sono’s team. Cosmos’ goal tally was less than half the 50 managed by Ajax Cape Town, the first division’s top scorers. The fact that the seemingly-high number of goals was not enough to secure promotion for the Cape Town side further highlights how big a problem having a toothless strike force can be. Benin international, Quentin Ghislain Debouto, scorer of nine goals, led Cosmos’ forward line. He was again on the score sheet when the fabled side finished the season with a 1-0 win over University of Pretoria, another former Premiership side. It was the third in five matches in the so-called bio-bubble that they managed to win with a one-goal margin. The other two matches were goalless draws. With a reputation as a yo-yo team moving between the top flight and the first division, Cosmos have struggled to return to the elite league since relegation at the end of the 2015-16 campaign when they finished last, with the lowest number of goals (20). Their goal scoring problem has accompanied them to the unfashionable first division. Last season, they managed 27 (conceding 29) to finish 13th. Prior, they had a commendable 46 during a finish on third. It was a vast improvement from 33 goals in 2016-17 when they ended in tenth. Finding a solution to the problems in front of goal looks set to top the agenda when the club soon reconvenes to prepare for the new season in October. “We are taking a few days off and will start preparing for next season,” assistant coach, Brian Sabapole. Asked if there were any areas that needed beefing up, Sono’s assistant said: “We are still going to meet and discuss positions.” Sebapole also expressed concern at the team’s performance at the back. “We conceded a lot,” he said of the 35 goals conceded this past season. At its peak, Cosmos was synonymous with some of the best strikers in the local league. These include Emmanuel “Tico Tico” Bucuane, Essau Kanyenda, Chris Katongo, Anthony Laffor, Phil Masinga (now late) Benjani Mwaruwari and Russell Mwafulirwa. – CAJ News