From dry, damaged hair to split
ands and frizz, winter can wreak havoc on one’s hair. Luckily, Crème of Nature’s
affordable yet premium Argan Oil range offers the perfect haircare products to
restore your tresses back to health so that winter hair can be a thing of the
past. Indigenous to Morocco, Argan Oil
is a precious and rare oil that has supplied radiance and nourishment to hair
for centuries. "Liquid gold" as it is lovingly referred to; Argan Oil
is organically grown and rich in vitamin E and essential fatty acids that are
good for both hair and skin. It is also a light –weight formula with
restorative and nourishing effects. BENEFITS OF THE OIL:  Infused with Argan Oil, Crème of
Nature’s range of products will keep your curls and tresses revitalised,
protected and shiny. Seal in strength and Exotic Shine
with Crème of Nature’s Leave-In Conditioner (RSP R149, 95) which is a
unique two-phase formula that combines Argan Oil liquid shine and a
strengthening protein complex that detangles hair, improves hair strength,
protects hair against damage and heat styling, and moisturises one’s tresses. Crème of Nature’s Argan Oil
Perfect 7™ (RSP R199, 95) is a 7-in-1 miracle leave-in treatment mask for
beautiful, healthy hair with shine. This product is perfect for all hair
textures, giving hair instant health and beauty, while reducing the need for
multiple hair care products. This innovative rich, creamy formula contains both
Argan Oil and conditioning agents such as Pro-Vitamin B-5, Silk Amino Acids so
you can achieve shinier, smoother and silkier hair. 7 Amazing Benefits:  ·         Detangles and conditions·         Heat protection·         Breakage defense·         Controls frizz·         Moisturises dry hair·         Prevents split ends·         Adds Exotic Shine™  Achieve the hold and Exotic
Shine™ you love with Crème of Nature’s amazing Perfect Edges™ (RSP R139,
95). Designed to control and hold down edges while moisturizing the hair, this
nutrient-rich formula makes hair stronger and is perfect for maintaining sleek,
smooth styles, ponytails, sculpting and styling the hair on-the-go. Crème of Nature’s Creamy Oil
Hair Moisturizing Lotion (RSP R99, 95) is an oil-rich formula which blends
Argan Oil into a moisturizing hair lotion that restores moistures, softens and
smooths the hair for improved manageability, making it easier to comb.  ·         Use daily for softness·         Improve elasticity and hydration·         Helps create ponytails, braids and can be used on extensions·         Perfect for all hair types  