BAFANA Bafana coach, Molefi Ntseki, has identified four Cosafa countries as possible opponents for two friendly internationals during the Fifa international weekend from 7-11 October. The countries that SunSport understands SA Football Association (Safa) and Ntseki have approached are Mozambique, Malawi, Zambia and Namibia. Ntseki wants to play against Southern African countries who have a similar style of football to that of Sao Tome and Príncipe, who Bafana will face in two back-to-back 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers home and away between 9-17 November. Once Ntseki has identified the two countries he wants to play against, he will finalise the details with his new technical director Frans Mogashoa, who was appointed last month. “Yes, Ntseki and Safa have approached those four nations and he’s fully aware of the importance of this game against Sao Tome,” SunSport was informed. “Encouragingly, the response from these nations have been good and all want to play against Bafana in October. “Ntseki is studying them to check who plays similar to Sao Tome and then will decide who he wants to play against.” Bafana were supposed to face Sao Tome in a double header in March, but those games were postponed by the Confederation of African Football (Caf) due to the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. Caf also postponed Afcon qualifiers scheduled for June, August and September due to coronavirus. The pandemic also forced Caf to postpone the Afcon finals which were scheduled for Cameroon in January next year. The continental showpiece will now take place a year later in the west African country, kicking off in January 2022. The Afcon qualifiers, initially scheduled to be concluded in September, will now be concluded on 22-30 March next year, where Bafana will host Ghana and then end their qualifying campaign with a visit to Sudan. Bafana opened the qualifiers with a 2-0 away loss to the Black Stars of Ghana last November, but bounced back three days later by defeating Sudan 1-0 when Lebogang Phiri scored the only goal at Orlando Stadium.