TWO rapists who terrorised the community of Hazyview in Mpumalanga were given double life jail sentences each. Nicolas Mhlongo (25) was sentenced to two life terms, plus 71 years in jail after he was found guilty on two counts of rape, three counts of robbery with aggravating circumstances, two counts of kidnapping, seven counts of housebreaking and malicious damage to property and four counts of theft. Reginald Dibakoane (26) was sentenced two life terms plus 48 years in jail on rape charges, two counts of robbery with aggravating circumstances, two counts of house breaking, two counts of kidnapping, theft and malicious damage to property. The two appeared before Mpumalanga High Court in Mbombela on Friday. NPA spokeswoman Monica Nyuswa said they committed the crimes between 2012 and 2016, targeting homes in the suburbs. “In one incident, the pair broke in and found three occupants, who they assaulted before they took a female victim to the bushes in Bushbuckridge, took turns in raping her repeatedly and demanded the vehicle keys, cellphone and bank card before they fled the scene with the car later found burnt in the bush and withdrew cash from the victim’s account in February 2015. “They didn’t end there but went to the victims and broke the door, but fled after they were interrupted. The same night they returned and found the victim busy fixing the broken door, when they pointed a firearm before instructing the female victim to go with them into the bushes, where they took turns to rape her and fled the scene but the victim got help from the patrolling security vehicle. “The first accused was linked to the crime through DNA evidence and fingerprints and the stolen cellphone was found on the co-accused’s girlfriend and a video was obtained from the garage where he withdrew the cash from one victim.” Both denied their involvement in the crime, but the state proved its case from evidence led by the victims and the two were found guilty. “The sentences were ordered to run concurrently and we believe a clear message has been sent to the community,” Nyuswa said.