KAIZER Chiefs have confirmed the appointment of Arthur Zwane and Dillon Sheppard as coach Gavin Hunt assistant coaches. Last week, the club announced Gavin Hunt as the new head coach following the sacking of Ernst Middendorp and his assistant Shaun Bartlett. Chiefs’ management have now appointed Zwane and Sheppard as Hunt's assistants. The duo joins the technical team this week, with Arthur returning to the first team squad after having been there from 2010 to 2012. Before going into coaching, Zwane played for Kaizer Chiefs between 2000 and 2010 making 252 appearances in official matches. As a winger ‘10111’ managed to score 32 goals and winning no less than 12 trophies with the Glamour Boys. Until recently, he coached the Reserve team that plays in the MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC). Sheppard was Hunt’s assistant at the now defunct Bidvest Wits. He joined the coaching ranks after hanging up his boots in 2017 when the team won its first League trophy. Prior to that, he played for several clubs in the PSL. He also played in Russia and Greece. The two assistant coaches will sit on the bench with Hunt, but will also work with the various youth side coaches to ensure synergy between the first team squad and Chiefs’ Youth Development Academy structures, particularly the MDC. “We believe we have put a solid technical team together and we will give them all the necessary support they require,” said Chairman Kaizer Motaung. “The wealth of experience among the three gentlemen is what we need to ensure we compete and build a strong team. “The fact that Arthur and Dillon will concurrently work with the senior team as well as with our Reserve side means that the transition for the young players to the first team squad will be easier. "We have an abundance of talent. However, they will need nurturing while we also need to focus on winning. "Both assistant coaches have youth football experience and we believe they will continue to share their knowledge with our other youth coaches and players.” We are looking forward to a bright future with Zwane and Sheppard.  