Comedian Donovan has scored a presenting gig on South Africa’s first ever YouTube talk show, The Lite Show. The show which promises to heat up this year’s summer content is a wrap up of weekly news headlines with a comic spin. Speaking to Daily Sun, Donovan said: “To be honest I thought it was a prank at first. Lol. The more we chatted the more I got super excited because I really loved the concept. “Although it’s a fun and witty concept, it hasn’t been easy. It has been a bit of a challenge to shoot the show because we’ve had to keep our crew small and always be cognizant about how many people are on set at any given time. “Fortunately we shoot in a very big space which allows for social distancing to happen even on set. The crew are incredibly strict with wearing masks and constantly sanitizing etc. “We also have strict rules on guests bringing friends or an entourage onto set.” Donovan told the People’s Paper how the concept of the show began: “As many can recall that Castle Lite is known to blow fans away by putting on incredible shows every year. “Unfortunately because of this little thing called coronavirus all of that came to a halt. So we had to find new and fresh ways to keep audiences entertained and engaged till things open up again.” He further shared what viewers at home can expect from the weekly show. ALSO READ |ACTRESS ZINHLE MABENA BACK ON ISIBAYA “It’s a jam-packed show that will make you forget that we’re in a pandemic even just for a few minutes. You’ve got three comedians including Mojak Lehoko, Lihle Msimang and I giving you the news and updates in a way you’d expect comedians to do so. “We also have the likes of Rouge the rapper and Davina Gordon who bring a musical component to close the show off and our interviews with celebrities are also super spontaneous and unconventional,” he said. The talented comedian said he hopes the concept can be taken to the small screens soon. “Although it’s still early days, having the show being broadcasted on one of Mzansi’s television channels would be absolutely amazing. As a team we put a lot of work into it and would really want more people to experience it,” he said. First episode of #theliteshow with @moonchildsanelly is out now on YouTube. Click the link in my bio to watch ?? A post shared by  Donovan Goliath (@donovangoliath) on Aug 28, 2020 at 2:02am PDT 