“WE are back!” Exclaims an old man as he leans on his walking stick, pushing back his falling dentures. Dressed in the famous maroon and white old Moroka Swallows LTD colours, the die-hard fan defies his aging kneecap as he breaks into a jig. It is the 1970s all over again and who can deny him a nostalgic trip back down memory lane? The excitement is palpable in his face and it is the joy also reflected on the faces of many other loyal supporters, who watched helplessly as the Birds sat on the brink of extinction four years ago. But they are now flying high again, back in the PSL where they belong, having gained automatic promotion. Pity the Covid-19 lockdown regulations have hampered celebrations. Their achievement, though, is no small feat, considering that money is not always the solution down in the GladAfrica Championship, although many club owners don’t seem to realise this and continue to virtually bankrupt clubs by throwing money at promotion. Splashing cash as a route out of the first division is a common practice than the collective spirit and good guidance from the technical team. But you only have to look at FC AK and Royal Eagles for lessons on how to blow money. It took some proper planning, vision and commitment from the Swallows investors, who have now reaped rewards for their investment. Of course, it wasn’t all smooth sailing. A change in the technical team and a few more signings got a doubtful campaign back on track for Swallows. Coach Brandon Truter has proven his credentials, having taken the mid-table team right to the top. However, celebrations will soon be over as the new PSL season starts as early as next month. We’ve seen teams get on and off the PSL gravy-train with sickening regularity, mainly due to poor administration. Without long-term plans, club owners often cut corners to maintain their multi-million PSL status. History is littered with sad stories of how club owners have messed up trying to fix what ain’t broken. If Swallows chairman David Mogashoa thought gaining promotion was tough, then he will soon find out that staying up in the PSL is a different proposition. It is another league, another level and another challenge. Hopefully, the Birds will be ready for the rigours of the Premiership and keep soaring higher. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso