THE Vrede dairy project was not budgeted for when it was implemented in 2012. This was according to Seipati Dhlamini, former CFO of Free State department of agriculture and rural development during her testimony at the Zondo Commission yesterday. She said the department had to come up with R342 million in order to partner with Gupta-linked company Estina to start the dairy farm to help emerging farmers in Vrede. Dhlamini said she told former department head Peter Thabethe that the money was not there. “I looked at the financial implications. The R340 million was not there. MAPS MAPONYANE ARRESTED! “I indicated to the HOD that the department did not have this money. “The answer I got was that he will reprioritise the budget to accommodate this project,” she said. She said reprioritasation meant taking money away from other projects. “The project was accommodated in the 2012/2013 financial year,” she said. The Vrede dairy project was conceived in 2011 by the province’s former agriculture and rural development MEC, Mosebenzi Zwane. Evidence leader Leah Gcabashe told the commission that Zwane started talking to beneficiaries about the project in Vrede before it was approved. Asked whether MECs were allowed to behave as Zwane did, Dhlamini responded: “Not as far as I know.” NYATSIS: SHARING IS CARING! She said some financial management processes regarding the project were done under her advice, but others were not. The department used Mohuma Mobung as the implementing agency for the project. Dhlamini said one of the reasons for using the implementing agent was because the department had problems of fruitless and irregular expenditure. She said the project was big and needed skilled people. “The magnitude of the project necessitated the skills of highly qualified people to manage it. Looking at the background given around Paras (another Gupta-linked company) as the biggest milk producer in India, you would take that their skill was way above that of our officials but I’m mindful that our officials could still have done it,” she said.