THE group of men were drinking on Sunday morning when two of them got into a heated argument. The argument didn’t end well . . . Lindani Mbonambi (32) was shot and injured and rushed to hospital! One of the men, who asked not to be named, told Daily Sun some of them were poepdronk as they’d been boozing since Saturday night. The shooting happened in the notorious KwaMashu K section, north of Durban. PICS:THREE TEENS KILLED IN HORROR CRASH! “Lindani called one of the men by his nickname. The older man warned Lindani not to call him by his nickname. “It was then that an argument started. A third man, who was very drunk, took out his gun and threatened to shoot Lindani. He was restrained and Lindani went home. The men continued drinking. “After a few hours Lindani returned. The man who was carrying a gun shot Lindani in the tummy,” he said. “We were shocked because we didn’t expect this to happen. We thought the argument was over.” A witness who was sitting outside his house said he saw Lindani bleeding after he was shot. “He was rushed to the Polyclinic, which transferred him to King Edward VIII Hospital,” he said. “The group were upset with the shooter. They took his car and parked it outside Lindani’s house. They wanted him to explain why he’d shot Lindani.” Some of them wanted him to turn himself in! The witness said Lindani, when drunk, becomes unruly and nobody pays attention to him. “He should’ve just let him be. He almost killed him over a small argument which had nothing to do with him. He’s trigger-happy.” The man who shot Lindani had apparently been living ekasi for a few months ago and rented a room in the area. The SunTeam went to Lindani’s and found a car parked near the gate. A family member said: “Someone came and told me Lindani has been shot. Suddenly, we saw a car parked outside our home. We don’t know anything and don’t want to comment.” Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that a 32-year-old man sustained a gunshot wound to the stomach and was taken to hospital. A 43-year-old man was arrested late yesterday and was expected to appear in court soon on attempted murder charges!