BLACK Leopards are not prepared to relinquish their Premiership status without a fight. They beat Ajax Cape Town 1-0 at FNB Stadium yesterday in their play-off opener, signaling their intent to stay in the top-flight. Lidoda Duvha’s top marksman Mwape Musonda was on target as his solitary goal earned the Limpopo outfit three valuable points. They now sit at the top of the log in the three-team mini league with three points, equal with the Urban Warriors who have an inferior goal difference and have played a game more. Leopards have had to unpack their bags and remain in the bio bubble for the play-offs after they finished 15th on the Premiership standings. They are fighting off the Urban Warriors and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila who are gunning for that final spot in the land of milk and honey. Ajax, who missed out on automatic promotion to the Premiership on goal difference, are desperate to grab their second chance through the play-offs. And they started the three-team mini league on a positive note with a hard-fought 3-2 win over TTM in their first match on Sunday. They showed intent once more against Leopards, dominating much of the first half without birthing the Limpopo side though. Lidoda Duvha would then punish the Urban Warriors as Musonda latched on to Tiklas Thutlwa's pass time slot past Nick Hengelman in the Ajax goal. Ajax continued their dominance, however, with Eleazer Rodgers, Rodrick Kabwe and Sonwabile Mfecane all testing King Ndlovu in the Leopards goal. The second half was no different with the Urban Warriors searching for the equalizer, pitting Leopards under pressure. But try as they might, they could not claw their way back into the game with Lidoda Duvha hanging on for dear life. Leopards next turn their attention to TTM in the Limpopo derby set to be played at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday (3.pm). A win against their neighbors would take them a step closer to securing their spot in the top-flight for another season. Meanwhile, Ajax are next in action on Tuesday when they face TTM also at Bidvest Stadium at 3pm.