The EFF in Nelson Mandela Bay calls for radical management transformation of public order police services. Fifty party members marched to the police offices in Struandale, Port Elizabeth to hand over their list of demands. Regional EFF spokesman Luvuyo Ponase said: “On behalf of members, communities, overlooked talented black police officers and dejected masses, we stand here today in front of the public order police offices to submit our memorandum. What brings us here is the disgraceful manner in which the police services conducted themselves. “Recently, residents of New Brighton came together to do something about high levels of crime and drug abuse. This led to the mobilisation of the Blawa Shutdown, a peaceful and non-provocative demonstration. “As peaceful as it was, public order police conducted themselves as bullies to the point where they shot and injured protesters with rubber bullets. They acted as an enemy.” Ponase said they decided lack of transformation in management positions was the problem. “Almost all the entire management is white. Commanding officers on the scene of protests are almost always white, the same Afrikaner police inherited from the apartheid system and it should be no surprise when they express their true colours upon black protesters. “They arrive with a preconceived idea that protesters are guilty and present themselves with a bad attitude of white arrogance. They suffer from trigger happiness and nostalgia of apartheid days, where they could inflict pain upon black protesters with impunity. They even protect each other like a cartel brotherhood.” The party called for employment of black police to senior management positions. “We can never accept that 25 years after democracy, a state department continues to be managed by Afrikaners, while plenty of talented and dedicated black officers are available. Those in power should be ashamed of themselves and we demand radical speedy transformation,” Ponase said. Colonel Amos Vinqi accepted the memorandum. He said: “We hear your demands and I will hand over this memorandum to the provincial commissioner.”