THE funeral sector embarked on a national shutdown yesterday, which is expected to continue until tomorrow. They accused government of oppressing black undertakers and alleged they have been pleading with the state for years to regulate the industry. The strike was organised by the Unification Task Team (UTT), which is a formation of at least 14 funeral associations and forums. The UTT demanded the outsourcing of mortuary facilities to be recognised and legalised, and a certificate of competence to be required for building storage and the management of human remains. They want government to immediately allocate a Covid-19 relief fund for the industry and for undertakers to claim and be paid directly by the Road Accident Fund. Their list of demands were directed at a number of government departments. Thokozani Dladla of the task team said: “One of the burning issues is the issue of certificate of competence and regulating the industry. We have been pleading with government for four years to regulate the industry. All they did was come to meetings, but nothing happened.” Executive chairman of the Funeral Industry Reformed Association, Johan Rousseau, said they received reports a staff member at a funeral parlour in the Eastern Cape was intimidated and attacked during the strike. This is despite Dladla saying there were no reported injuries. But Rousseau said funeral parlours were harassed by people he believed had a political agenda. Meanwhile, the owner of Simelane and Sons Funeral Undertaker, Edith Simelane from Mamelodi in Tshwane, said they wanted to be treated on the same level as big funeral parlours such as Avbob and B3. “Government wanted us to close our businesses from October last year. They are asking us for competence certificates and destination letters from Home Affairs and Sars. This is painful. We need to be included in the national budget,” she said. Simelane said they would not bury anyone during the strike. The South African Funeral Practitioners Associations is among associations distancing themselves from the strike. The Department of Health said the shutdown might lead to undesired conditions and risks to public health. The department’s spokesman, Popo Maja, said all funeral undertakers and mortuary premises used in connection with the preparation, storage and preservation of human remains must be in possession of a valid certificate of competence. “Legal action will be taken against owners of premises found in contravention. “Family members are urged to check the legitimacy of the undertakers and agents being used for overall management of the burial of the loved ones to ensure proper tracking and tracing. We will not allow non-compliance to legislation,” said Maja. He said the department was willing to continue talks with the funeral sector.