  AMAZULU general manager Lunga Sokhela says continuity was the key to giving Ayanda Dlamini the coaching job on a permanent basis after signing a three year contract on Wednesday. And stressed the Usuthu boss about the youthful 35-year-old former AmaZulu striker: “If you are good enough, you are old enough and Mr Dlamini has proven that. He has our full support.” Sokhela  speaking in a Zoom press conference said they were also inspired by how former international players have progressed as coaches at their previous clubs such as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer (Manchester United), Michel Arteta (Arsenal) and Zinedine Zidane (Real Madrid). Locally, Pitso Mosimane’s unparalleled success at Mamelodi Sundowns, the club he previously played for, was another source of motivation to give Dlamini the job permanently according to Sokhela. “There has to be a strong chemistry between the coach, the club and the players. The biggest clubs in the world are going in a certain direction and also here locally.” This comes after Dlamini saved Usuthu’s Absa Premiership status this past weekend. Despite being in the relegation zone for much of the season, the Durban-based side finished the season in 13th position. However, Dlamini who was named caretaker coach in March will have a new assistant coach as Moeneeb Josephs who was his assistant, has parted ways with the club. AmaZulu will appoint Dlamini’s assistant coach on Friday. Critically, Sokhela added that finalising everything with Dlamini was of paramount importance since there’s a short turnaround to the start of next season which is expected to start sometime next month so Dlamini will have time to assemble the team he wants for next season. On top of Josephs’ departure, Dlamini will be without right back Thembela Sikhakhane, who was on loan from Orlando Pirates and won’t be coming back. Attacking midfielder, Jabulani Ncobeni, Slovakia international Milos Lacny and Phumlani Gumede have been released. The club are keen to keep veteran defender Tsepo Masilela, who signed a short term contract after his original contract expired in June. But that will depend on the former Bafana Bafana full back if he wants to remain with the Durban-based outfit.