GOGO Noluthando Bonga regrets allowing her tenants to rent from her. This is because it’s been four years and 12 of them haven’t paid rent. They said they were not going anywhere and even built a wall fence inside the yard. The 70-year-old from Alexandra, east of Joburg, said when the tenants first moved in, they paid rent for a year and then stopped.  When she asked why they hadn’t paid rent, they told her they didn’t have money. “They gave me attitude. You could see this was planned and they were about to give me trouble,” said gogo Noluthando. “To think they were desperate when they were looking for a place to live. Little did I know they would bring me stress.” Gogo Noluthando said she gave them five days to pay, but they didn’t. She said that they also told her to stop bothering them, or she would be counting down her last days on earth. “I’m an old, sick woman. I was scared and decided to leave them alone. But this really bothered me and I couldn’t leave them alone anymore,” she said. Gogo reported the matter to the police, who warned the tenants to stop threatening her. Gogo said her tenants used to pay R650 per month and when she asked them how much they would like to pay, they said R300. “I laughed in disbelief. These boys were really out to annoy me. This was me trying to be civil and meet them halfway, but they want to pay half of the rent.” But gogo couldn’t accept this and the tenants told her they either paid R300 or continued to live for free. She said she felt the tenants took advantage of her as they knew she didn’t have a title deed. Her son, Jeffrey (44), said he tried to talk to the tenants, but they were not civil. “They threatened me and said this had nothing to do with me. “They said I should leave them alone or they would deal with me,” said Jeffrey. One of the tenants said the land belonged to anyone who lived on it and they would not be told by an old woman to leave. “She should leave the yard if she’s not happy we’re here. We’ll be more than happy to occupy her RDP house as well,” he said. When pressed for more questions, he shut the door and refused to give his name. Daily Sun contacted the Human Settlements Department several times, but there was no response.