SUPERSPORT United captain Ronwen Williams believes he has a big chance of defending his Absa Premiership Goalkeeper of the Season award. Williams was crowned for this coveted award last season, having played all 30 Premiership matches and conceded the least number of goals. This season, Williams again played all 30 league matches and his number cannot be matched by any goalkeeper in the PSL currently in the last two seasons. This season Williams also helped his club lift the MTN8 trophy last September. Matsatsantsa a Pitori finished fifth on the Premiership table after losing 1-0 to Cape Town City in the last game of the delayed season at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday. In his 30 league matches, the 28-year-old keeper kept 13 clean sheets, more than any other goalie in the PSL this term. When asked about if his chances of defend this trophy, the United captain described this season as his best in his career. “Honestly speaking, this has been one of my best seasons and I think I’ve got the most clean sheets,” said Williams. “My hand is up for the Goalkeeper of the Season award because I think I’ve done very well and I have been consistent.” This is the third time Williams has played all 30 league matches in his professional career. He also played the same number of games in the 2015-16 season. Last season Williams beat Cape Town City’s Peter Leeuwenburgh and Mamelodi Sundowns and Uganda international Denis Onyango for the coveted award. However, neither of these keepers have been as consistent as the Port Elizabeth’s born goalkeeper this season. Kaizer Chiefs’ Nigeria goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi will pose a serious threat, but he missed the last two league matches after he suffered a concussion against Bidvest Wits on 30 August. Although Leeuwenburgh will form part of the reckoning once more this term, his appearances and clean sheets do not match Williams’, and neither does Maritzburg United and Ghana international Richard Ofori record this season. “Clean sheets as goalkeepers is what we are looking for and consistency – and I’ve done that over this season,” added Williams who featured in all 37 games SuperSport played this season. The annual PSL awards, which normally takes place after the Nedbank Cup final, are yet to be given a date by the league and how they will be staged due to the restrictions of the Covid-19 pandemic.