THE sale of Highlands Park has at last been approved by the PSL executive committee, said the club in a statement. This is following the Exco's resolution adopted on Monday when certain Companies Acts were raised about shareholders. "The transfer of the business of Highlands Park to the company is approved. The application to change the name of the club to TS Galaxy: home venue to Mbombela Stadium, and colours provided, are also approved," this is a letter from the PSL that was sent to the club owners on Wednesday. The club released a statement Thursday morning confirming the sale of the club. "It is with a heavy heart that Highlands Park Football Club announces the sale of its Premier Soccer League status which will play under the name of TS Galaxy FC from next season onwards," said director Brad Kaftel in a statement. "The Coronavirus pandemic with the resultant economic crisis which is upon us, and forecast to continue for next three years, was the pre-emptor of this sale. Highlands Park have accumulated significant debt over the past six years while competing in professional football despite the sponsorships that were paid to the club. "The full proceeds of the sale will be used to settle these debts. No funds will be available for distribution to any shareholder. Highlands Park is a BBBEE Level 2 entity with 51% Black Ownership. The interactions between the parties was managed by one of the top law firms in the country – Cliffe Dekker Hofmeyr to ensure full compliance with matters of law. "Discussions between the parties have been ongoing for some months and the official approval of the Executive Committee of the National Soccer League was received late yesterday (Wednesday," said a statement. Club directors Brad Kaftel and aggrieved Sinky Mnisi were due to meet on Thursday morning to iron out their differences as they look to a smooth and mutual transfer of the club. However, on Thursday morning Mnisi argued that no one has told him that the sale has been approved. HIGHLANDS PARK SALE DECLINED!Sinky Mnisi's lawyer, Mandla Tshabalala, has confirmed to SunSport that the sale of the club to Tim Sukazi, owner of TS Galaxy, has been rejected by PSL based on Section 112 of the Companies Act. The Highlands shareholders will meet Tuesday. pic.twitter.com/8bbkzAVHaD  "This is the first time I'm hearing this from you mfowethu," said a shell-shocked Mnisi. "It can't be. This deal cannot be done without meeting Section 112. Clearly this is a dodgy and unreliable deal. This annoys me a lot. Now I'm told VW Hatfield will buy my shares, what I have to do with VW Hatfield?" TS Galaxy will be coached by Dan Malesela in the PSL, and have already started with plans to build a giant in Mpumalanga. OFFICIAL: Highlands Park chairman Brad Keftal and the club have confirmed that Highlands Park has officially sold it's Premier Soccer League status to TS Galaxy. Keftal says the club is in debt and the money from the sale will service those debts. pic.twitter.com/ZMXE92iRBE — PowerSport (@Power987Sport) September 17, 2020 DRAMA IN HIGHLANDS PARK SALE!https://t.co/jYHBtwYJTX pic.twitter.com/5Nda009q43  