THE family of a 14-year-old lesbian has been left devastated by her murder. Zinhle Sekgoapa was kidnapped by unknown people on Wednesday morning and her body was found by her mum dumped next to a pit toilet on Saturday morning. The teenager from Chochocho, outside Hazyview in Mpumalanga, was found naked with plastic wrapped around her head. Her brother, Sakhile Nkosi (35), said the family opened a case of kidnapping on Thursday after the suspects called and demanded R86 000 for her to be released. ALOS READ:COP SHOT AND HIJACKED! He said when the family tried to make arrangements, the suspects made threats. “We want to see her but they wouldn’t show us anything.They refused to send us pictures or videos of her. They threatened to rape and kill her, if they didn’t get the money by midday on Friday. They said they’d rape her to prove she was a woman,” he said. Sakhile said he didn’t understand why his sister was taken. “We don’t know if they did this because of her sexuality. “We’re traumatised and ask for a thorough investigation to be conducted.” According to Sakhile, Zinhle was open about her sexuality and wanted to join the navy. “She was a bubbly person and I didn’t think a 14-year-old would have enemies, Zinhle was a people’s person and now even her friends are scared they will be targeted next” he said. An LGBTQI activist in the Lowveld said what had happened to Zinhle was inhumane. He said it’s been a while since LGBTQI people witnessed such an incident in the province but they are also on the charts of the abuse of women and children. “Men think they have the power to enforce change upon our sexual preferences or enforce their beliefs on us. that’s wrong. There is nothing free about living in this democratic country. Even in our families we have to fight to earn our spots. “The way Zinhle was killed is shocking. There can never be enough justice done,” he said. He said the person or people who did this should be found and punished harshly. Zulu said they will roll out campaigns in support of Zinhle and her family. Mpumalanga police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said a case of murder was being investigated. He said no arrests have been made and appealed to anyone with information to come forward.