BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane has shared his opinion on who he thinks should be crowned the Footballer of the Season. The PSL end of year awards normally divide opinion, with soccer lovers always engaging in conversations about who they think should be crowned the football king for the season. Although the recently concluded season was different from others given how it was concluded in the ‘bio-bubble’, the same conversation will rage on about who should walk away with the big award. This season, a number of players have raised their hand for this prestigious award won by Orlando Pirates star Thembinkosi Lorch last season and Percy Tau the season before. But according to Mabokgwane, this award should go to Mamelodi Sundowns wizard Themba “Mshishi” Zwane this season, after he starred for the Tshwane giants on their way to clinching an impressive treble. He played a key role in the Downs team that dominated just about every competition this season, making 26 goal contributions across all competitions. In the league alone, Zwane scored 11 goals and provided eight assists. “Mshishi is my 2019-2020 player of the season,” Mabokgwane said on social media. “He’s been by far the most consistent performer. We tend not to appreciate our own but he and Hlompho (Kekana) have been outstanding in the past couple of seasons.” Mabokgwane admits that the likes of Samir Nurkovic, Peter Shalulile, Gabadinho Mhango, and Lebogang Manyama were not far off as well, but he insists that Zwane deserves the crown this season. Nurkovic, in particular, has made a massive impact in his first season in Mzansi, scoring 13 goals in 26 matches to keep Kaizer Chiefs at the summit of the log for an unbelievable 28 match days. There is also Mhango of Pirates, who finished as the league’s joint-top scorer with Highlands Park striker Shalulile (16 goals), another player who raised his hand for the Footballer of the Season crown. “Yes, (Samir) Nurkovic, (Gaston) Sirino, (Peter) Shalulile and (Lebogang) Manyama were good too, but Mshishi for me was outstanding. Clive Barker once said Themba Zwane is the next Doctor Khumalo and people laughed... Wow, look at God.”