TAXI boss Menzi Mcunu’s memorial service took place at his home in Meredale in Joburg. The Lerole brothers, one of whom Khanyi Mbau once dated, were in attendance, while musician TT Mbha and skhothane Material Don Dada were also spotted in the packed marquee. Mcunu was praised for his constant will to give and mentor black businesspeople to be the best in the game. An employee from his garage in Kwezi said they’ve lost their Father Christmas. “I learnt a lot from him. He always used to laugh and make work fun. He mentored us to make sure we know how to run our own business. We have lost a great parent.” Bongani Duma, the treasurer of their society called Brothers said at first, he was intimidated by Mcunu. “He was not apologetic about working hard and constantly wanting to make money. I was head-hunted from Randburg where I ran a business. He asked his friend why he brought a small boy wearing small pants to him, but as soon as he saw my capabilities, we clicked. He’d tell me one day I’ll have to stand in front of people and tell them he made me a millionaire.” Duma said Mcunu wanted black men to be independent of white monopoly. He said he was passionate about black businesses and emphasised it’s possible to be successful without being jealous of others.  Bab Khambule from WATA said they were deeply saddened by the death of their chairman. “This year hasn’t been a good year. We’ve been losing members that played a very important role in our association. To his family, be brave and walk in his footsteps. He had respect for me and was respected by many. He was loved by many. He was a man of many talents and helped whoever needed him.”  A friend of Mcunu’s said they met 17 years ago at his shop in Southgate, where his magwinya business impressed him and became close. “Everything was about business to him. He forced me to buy cows and I had no interest in them. He told me I needed to up my game and stop relaxing. He always wanted his friends to have more.” He said when Mcunu met his future wife, he came to him very excited. “He told me he got a girlfriend from university and I’m happy they stayed together this far. Watching how they loved each other was inspiring.”  Mcunu’s funeral will be held at his home on Friday morning. 