 BUSHIRI BELIEVES people are out to hurt him because of his success. He called it the Put-Down Syndrome. “THERE ARE FORCES OUT TO TARNISH MY NAME!” HE SAID. In a video message, Prophet Shepherd Bushiri, leader and founder of the Enlightened Christian Gathering Church, has come out to speak about the challenges he has been facing. He said that there were forces formed against him to see his name tarnished and discredited. Bushiri, who confirmed that he was a businessman, said he was also running the Shepherd Bushiri Investment. He said he was facing challenges. “As a young black man born in Africa who has seen success, I have had to face this. I call this a Put-Down Syndrome,” he said. “Such challenges have to do with tarnishing my image and my own good reputation because of the success I’ve experienced with my businesses and the ministry.” He also spoke about allegations that he and the church have been defrauding people. “We have heard many stories, but they are unfounded. I have seen a lot of things being said about me in social media,” said Bushiri. “I came to South Africa a few years ago and began my ministry at the church in Pretoria. So far it has been successful.” He said he has heard that three million people in South Africa have been registered as church members. “This is a great achievement looking at the short period that I have been in the country. This has become an encouragement for the young black community to learn that it is possible to work hard and achieve success.” Bushiri said his success has resulted in enemies of both his establishment and himself. “Some people feel it’s a threat to their different entities and their interests. “A great campaign has been launched against myself and some had gone to an extent of going with false witnesses in rising up against me,” he said. Bushiri said the allegations and all the things that have been said about him must be tackled legally. “I have taken the legal route which is the only way to clear my name,” Bushiri said. Last week Bushiri faced-off with Prophet Paseka “Mboro” Motsoeneng in the Pretoria High Court over an urgent interdict and defamation case, as reported by Daily Sun.