 AMATSHITSHI came together to dance and to show how proud they were to still be pure. But the sad teenage thwasana could not join them. She could only stand quietly and watch. HER GOBELA HAD SHATTERED HER DREAM OF STAYING PURE FOR THE RIGHT MAN! The 16-year-old thwasana from Etwatwa, Ekurhuleni, was allegedly raped by her gobela last year during her training. Then he threatened to make her go mad, make her disappear, or be hit by a car if she spoke about her ordeal. Last week the girl, who has been living in fear, found the courage in her heart to tell another sangoma what had happened and the sangoma broke the news to her parents. The girl said her angry parents confronted the gobela and her mum told him that she was going to open a case of rape against him. The thwasana told Daily Sun that the sangoma was boastful, saying no cop will arrest him as he uses strong muthi. The gobela has since been on the run. The teenager said she met the gobela in July last year during the graduation celebration of another thwasana in Etwatwa, Ekurhuleni. “I went there with my aunt, who was a thwasana then. During the celebration my dlozi rose up and I found myself possessed.” She said the gobela approached her and told her she needed to thwasa. “He came to my home the following day and told my parents I must thwasa and he performed rituals, so I can start with the process,” she said. “He insisted on starting the process immediately, telling me and my parents that I had five days to live or else I was going to die.” She said her parents made preparations for her to thwasa. But then the gobela started having sex with her saying he was connecting to her dlozi and breaking her virginity in the process. “I was shocked and scared because I never slept with anyone before. He said it was part of the initiation process. I didn’t accept that because I felt sex was not the purpose of my training,” she said. “It was my dream to stay pure until I meet the right guy.” The gobela threatened to kill her. “My heart was heavy. I felt violated.” The thwasana said she persevered until she finished her training. But she can’t read the bones. She believes the gobela was just after sex, and was not interested in training her to become a proper sangoma. The girl’s devastated father said he wanted justice for his daughter. “It pains me as a parent to see another man taking advantage of her. He destroyed my daughter and I won’t forgive him,” he said. “I’ve already paid more than R10 000, but my daughter can’t work as a sangoma.” A case of rape has been opened at Etwatwa Police Station. Etwatwa police spokeswoman Sergeant Khensani Mathebula confirmed a case of rape was opened and was under investigation. She said cops were looking for the suspect. Penny Ndlovu, president of Indigenous Healers of Africa, said what the gobela did was disgusting and it’s against the calling. “We are working with the police to see to it that the suspect is brought to book,” she said. 