FAT Cats Athletic Club is aiming to raise at least R50 000 from its virtual road race, the Fat Cats 10km Virtual Race taking place on 11 October. The club, which was supposed to host its second annual Fat Cats 10km Race, decided to go virtual due to the outbreak of the coronavirus that resulted in a nationwide lockdown. According to the Race Director, Nnoni Mokgethi, they were faced with two decisions – either cancel the event or host it virtually. “Last year was our first race, so for continuity we decided to continue with the race so that the running community does not forget about our race,” said Mokgethi. Due to the current climate, the club decided to not go robust and try make a profit of this virtual race. They decided to make race entries free for all participants. “What we are asking for however, is that while entering for the race is free, we are asking all entrants to make a small donation towards our Covid-Relief fund. “Our target is ambitious but we believe the running community and the corporate world can help us reach the R50 000 target. Donations from ordinary entries and corporate donations can help us further this cause,” said Mokgethi. Mokgethi emphasised that donations were not mandatory and anyone can register for free and participate on the day without paying any cent. “What we are saying is that we want to use our race as a vehicle to raise funds to help underprivileged children out there is remote rural villages. These children have been the hardest hit by the effects of coronavirus and lockdown,” she said. Last week, Fat Cats Athletic Club announced Ellipse Waterfall as a sponsor and are encouraging like-minded corporates to come on board to help make the race a success. “We are encouraging others to do the same. And everyone can rest assured that their money will be well spent. We will account for every cent like we have been doing in the past 15 years of community development work,” she said. Entries are available for distances 10km, 5km, Kitten Miller and Nappy Dash on the their website www.fatcats.africa.