THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) transfer window ahead of the start of the 2020-21 Premiership season is officially open, and clubs will not need a second invitation to get their hands on the hottest talent in the local market. PSL clubs, many of whom have already been hard at work trying to bolster their squads before the new season, can now officially register their new players. The longest transfer window, which is expected to run until the end of November, has already sprung up some big moves and a few more should be concluded in the coming weeks. A number of clubs such as Mamelodi Sundowns, Orlando Pirates, Swallows FC, Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and Stellenbosch FC have wasted little time reinforcing their squads, while others are expected to join in the fun as well. Defending champions Sundowns have added the likes of Lesedi Kapinga, George Maluleka, Ricardo Goss, Haashim Domingo, Mothobi Mvala and Peter Shalulile. Pirates also joined in the transfer merry-go-round this week, announcing the arrival of former Bidvest Wits duo Thulani Hlatshwayo and Deon Hotto. Swallows, who are preparing for their first season back in the top-flight after five years, have added Musa Nyatama, Moeketsi Makhanya and Ruzaigh Gamaldien to the Birds nest and are not done yet. In the Western Cape, Stellies are hoping to build on last season and have recruited the likes of former Cape Town City goalkeeper Sage Stephens and defender Zitha Macheke, formerly with Wits. Meanwhile, Premiership newcomers TTM have also pulled off a major coup with the signings of Oupa Manyisa and Joseph Molangoane from Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs respectively. Chiefs, who will be desperate to add more to their side after falling agonisingly short in the race for the title last season, can only watch their rivals strengthen at the moment. This as they continue to wait with bated breath the outcome of their transfer ban appeal from the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), which was heard on 9 September. That, however, has not stopped them from being linked with a number of exciting talents they are expected to snap up should their transfer ban be suspended. Having secured the services of Gavin Hunt as head coach, Amakhosi are now linked with a number of the mentor’s former players at Wits such as Sifiso Hlanti, Thabang Monare, Buhle Mkhwanazi, Phathutshedzo Nange and Bienvenu Eva Nga.