Following the pronouncement by President Cyril Ramaphosa
that the country will move to Alert Level 2 effective from 18 August 2020, the
Department of Correctional Services (DCS) has reviewed its Covid-19
Risk-Adjusted Strategy accordingly. To this end, inmate visits to correctional centres and
remand detention centres shall be permitted under strict conditions, observing
COVID-19 health protocols as well as Departmental Standard Operating
Procedures. Correctional Sevices’s Singabakho Nxumalo said it is
critical for members of the public to observe that visits are limited to one
non-contact visit per inmate per calendar month, and only one visitor per
inmate at a time. Bookings must be pre-arranged at least 48-hours prior to
the intended visit to ensure proper planning. As a result, no visits will be
allowed without prior appointment. Only visitors with face masks as per the
approved name-list will be allowed access. Visitors must arrive at least 30
minutes prior to the commencement of the scheduled visit time. Inmates will be
allowed to receive items as per their privilege group and as prescribed in the
policy. Visits will be permitted to take place between 09H00 and
15H00 on visit days. In centres housing both sentenced and remands categories,
and depending on the number of inmates, remand detainees may receive visits on
Mondays, Tuesdays and Fridays, excluding Public Holidays. Whereas, sentenced
offenders will be allowed visits on Wednesdays, Thursdays, Weekends and Public
Holidays. “We rely on members of the public to be honest during
screening in order to prevent any potential infections and cross contamination.
Those who have been in contact with COVID-19 positive cases must indicate as
that will allow our health care practitioners to conduct extensive screening,
which includes taking of vital signs. It is important to note that provision of
false information is a criminal offense,” said Singabakho. He said consultation visits between legal practitioners
and inmates will be non-contact and shall observe COVID-19 health protocols and
operating procedures as determined by DCS. As prescribed, legal practitioners
will be expected to make prior arrangements with the Head of Centre and be
armed with a proof of identity.  On
urgent matters, legal representatives and inmates may communicate
telephonically after approval from the Head of Centre has been obtained, and
where circumstances and resources permit. As restrictions have been eased across the country, DCS
is constantly monitoring the public health situation in each correctional
centre, including community transmissions, and take decisions accordingly based
on the risk levels. If, at any given time, there are new or suspected cases of
Covid-19 in a facility or unforeseen circumstances at the premises, this could
affect visitations. Those planning a visit should always confirm their visit
with the relevant correctional centre before travelling. “Our top priority remains the health and safety of our
officials, inmates and the public. We will therefore continue to monitor the
situation and adjust safety measures and operating procedures where necessary. “