AS the curtain on Women’s Month came down on Monday, Mzansi female boxers are pleading with Boxing South Africa (BSA) to allow them to renew their licenses for free. They protest that it is unfair to pay for licensing fees if they are not getting fights where they would make an income or improve their ranking. The local ring queens are not as active as their male counterparts. The boxers claim the only time they get attention is during Women’s Month. Addressing women in boxing during Women’s Month celebrations, former World Boxing Federation (WBF) bantamweight world champion Bukiwe Nonina made a plea to the controlling body. “Boxing SA must be compassionate to local female boxers, allowing them to renew their licenses for free. “The licensing process must also be opened throughout the year for us so that we can go around recruiting more female boxers, and be able to bring them into the system when they are ready to step up to the professional level,” said Nonina. “We struggle to get the money for license renewal. The majority of us depend on fights for survival, and getting sponsorships is another struggle.” Her call was applauded by other women in the sport. Nonina is also hoping to see more improvement since the newly appointed BSA acting chief executive officer (Cindy Nkomo) is a woman. “The only time you hear about women boxing in SA is in August. I will be happy to see Cindy make some changes to improve women’s boxing. As a woman, she understands our struggle. All these years it has been all talk with no action,” she said. Former IBO female champion Sherden Fortuin, the Eastern Cape fighter who lost her title without throwing a punch due to inactivity, agreed. “I’m in full support of Bukiwe’s suggestion,” she threw a verbal jab. “We renew our licenses every year with no fights. I last fought in 2018 and have been paying for my license, although I don’t get fights.” Gauteng based boxing promoter, Andre Thysse, advised BSA and the government to sponsor women only events in a quest to promote female boxing in South Africa. BSA’s Nkomo said: “We have not been approached by any licensee to review any fees in place, but the matter of fees has already been addressed in our communication of 17 March under frequently asked questions.”