RESTAURANT KFC has become the latest brand that Twitter wants to fall. The company sponsors e.tv game show Family Feud Africa. In Sunday’s episode it made fun of Tsonga culture. KFC usually makes jokes about contestants, but this one rubbed Mzansi up the wrong way. It shared a picture of one of the families that were in the game show and wrote: “When you can’t decide on a colour, so you wear all of them.” ALSO READ | JUB JUB BRINGS MORE HEAT WITH NEW SHOW! The Ngubenis wore Tsonga traditional wear. Soon after that #KFCMustFall trended on Twitter. Many people were offended. KFC later deleted the tweet, but screenshots had already been taken and people still said it must fall. It also didn’t send out an apology. KFC is following in the steps of Clicks, which was also called on to fall by social media users. It posted an ad which referred to black hair as dry and frizzy. @KFCSA Deleting this tweet does not mean it was never tweeted!!! Why are you quiet about it? #kfcmustfall pic.twitter.com/NUVv1AJi3u  A big brand like KFC can't make a mockery out of an African attire all in the name of "joking". They should rather stick to draining the oil on their meat instead of trying to be funny on Twitter #KFCmustfall pic.twitter.com/sNj7WwW268  I'm so pissed @KFCSA u've ruined the mood of heritage month I mean we are Africans nd as a tsonga nation we want our R2 back sies #kfcmustfall#KFCVatamba  #KFCmustfall Soo it is surpose to be a joke bcs it suits you well learn to say wen something doesn't sit well with you just bcs yall find it as a joke dt doesn't mean its funny to everyone it's not about being sensitive its about being realistic. #KFCmustfall pic.twitter.com/wUTeqnpCRf  #KFCmustfall This cultural mishap is unacceptable, and I have not had your product, which has become distasteful, for more than a year, and will continue to do so. pic.twitter.com/y6ZANifdgo  You disrespected Tsonga people. A whole tribe. Sies!! @KFCSA #kfcmustfall  Some people though, said they didn't find the tweet offensive. I’m Tsonga myself! But hayikhona guys! When did we loose our sense of humor? Noo man! Afterall it’s true that we wear all the colors and make them beautiful! Isn’t that what makes us standout? #KFCVatamba #KFCmustfall pic.twitter.com/Za6D8FFOt8  Me trying to understand what kfc did wrong #kfcmustfall pic.twitter.com/BGvCNqCztu  Me wondering what’s the fuss about that KFC tweet??#KFCmustfall pic.twitter.com/xUbBOhmh8B       