 THE GENEROUS tokoloshe has been around for only two weeks. But already it has left the Mananas with a bundle of cash. THE FAMILY IS LIVING IN FEAR OF THE EVIL BLESSINGS! The Manana family from Diepkloof, Soweto, told Daily Sun they have already set fire to more than R10 000. Thembi Manana (73) said she won’t let money destroy their family. “I’m scared. But like everybody else we also love money,” she said. “I’m worried my grandkids might be tempted to use the money. I don’t know what will happen.” Thembi said the first time the tokoloshe invaded their home it left R7 000 in cash. “It was about 7am. My daughter had already gone to work and the kids were off to school when I found the money,” she said. “I was terrified. I went from room to room trying to look for whoever was playing tricks on me.” Thembi realised she was on her own in the house with a mysterious R7 000 in cash. “We were still questioning where the money came from when more money kept popping up,” she said. “When we cook we find money in pots. My daughter was grilling meat and there was money in the oven.” She said they kept finding money everywhere, even in the toilet. “My granddaughter found R400 on the floor,” said Thembi. She didn’t allow them to use the money as she was afraid of what might happen if they did. “Whoever sent this tokoloshe has intentions and they know it would be easy for them to tempt us,” she said. “I’m a praying woman. I won’t allow this nonsense to control my family.” But the tokoloshe has been doing more than just leave money. Thembi told the People’s Paper it had stabbed their beds and left the knives there. “I think it’s angry because we’re not using the money,” she said.  “We want this thing to leave us in peace. We can’t live like this.” She said they’d been eating takeaway food because they didn’t want to get money when they cook. “It sounds crazy that we don’t want this money, but it seems too good to be true. There will be consequences if we use it,” she said. Thembi’s daughter, Hope Manana (41), said she hoped the tokoloshe terrorised whoever sent it to them. “We don’t want problems. I don’t understand why anyone would want to do this to us,” said Hope. “We don’t want money and we won’t use it, no matter how broke we are.” Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi said the tokoloshe had been sent by someone in the family who wanted them to suffer. He said as soon as they use the money, they’d lose money and life would be hard. “It’s not a difficult problem to deal with. They can get a sangoma or a prophet to cleanse the house and it will be gone,” said Dungamanzi. 