PREMIER Soccer League (PSL) chairman, Irvin Khoza, said the league will apply the new directives from the Sports and Health departments on how games will be played next season, now that domestic flights are open. The PSL was given permission by Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa and Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize to finish the 2019-20 season in a bio-bubble in Gauteng. The PSL season was suspended in mid-March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. But with domestic flights now operating, the bubble may not be required. Covid-19 infections are also slowing down in the country. Khoza said clubs would not be able to afford to play in the bio-bubble next season, as SunSport understands it would cost a staggering R100 million. “We are going to be looking at another initiative of applying to the ministry as to how we are going to be playing games beyond October,” said Khoza. “The good thing is that the interprovincial travel has started. Those matters, along with the details and resolutions that we took in an executive committee (last week), were to make sure that we do everything in advance and make sure that there are no complications going forward.” However, Khoza’s wish to start the 2020-21 season is likely to hit a snag. The PSL’s planned date to start the season is 9 October, but that date has been taken by Caf and Fifa for international friendly matches. SunSport understands that Bafana Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki has identified four Cosafa oppositions for two friendly matches between 7-11 October. The opposition that Safa and coach Ntseki have approached are Mozambique, Malawi, Zambia and Namibia. There’s also another issue of the ABC Motsepe League being completed. The nine provinces are set to resume their leagues late next month. The PSL needs two teams from Motsepe League to fill the two spots in the GladAfrica Championship next season. Khoza said there has been communication between the PSL and Safa to find common ground. He said that Safa are aware the PSL needs to also open its transfer window to register new players ahead of next season. “After we have issued the starting date of the fixtures, we now understand there’s (an international) calendar which affects the starting date of 9 October,” he added.