A FAMILY from Khayamandi in Stellenbosch in Western Cape, whose son was shot at with rubber bullets and moered by cops, is gatvol. The incident happened on Thursday morning when the Red Ants and cops were demolishing shacks being built in the middle of the night in Watergang. Mother Sizeka Siguba (40) was asleep when she heard gunshots and a banging noise as Red Ants demolished shacks. The community leader went out to investigate. She saw cops destroying shacks and spoke to them. “I asked why they were doing this in the middle of the night when people were asleep. “They refused to answer anything and continued with what they were doing. “My son, who was sleeping at home, followed me to find out if I was okay. When he arrived he stood next to me. “They shot at him twice and he fell on the ground, and they kicked and punched him before pushing him.” She’d tried to stop them but was peppersprayed. Father Zuzamele Siguba (44) said the officers wanted to kill his son. “The ancestors saved him. The officers wanted him dead. Why after shooting him they beat him with fists and threw him in the gulley? Surely they wanted him dead. “It pains me because my son didn’t do anything to deserve this. He was sleeping and only woke up because of the noise. It’s because of our ancestors that he’s alive today.” The father wanted to sue the municipality. Lihle Siguba (21), a grade 11 pupil, said he’s in pain and hasn’t been able to go to school after the beating. “It took me by surprise. I wasn’t there to put up a shack but to check on my mother, a community leader, since it was during the night. When they shot at me and beat me up, I thought that was the end of my life. I was bleeding all over.” The Stellenbosch Municipality hadn’t responded at the time of going to print. Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said: “Please be advised that Stellenbosch police have opened a case of attempted murder subsequent to an incident that occurred this morning at 2.30am at Watergang in Kayamandi, Stellenbosch. According to information, the complainant was shot and wounded in the eye.”