CULTURAL
and Creatives Federation of South  Africa (CCIFSA) is fuming following an
‘attack’ on KZN artists. On
Wednesday more than five hundred KZN artists embarked on a march blocking a major highway,
themed #OperationVula and #VulaPresident.  Durban music artists are staging a protest against, among other things, lockdown regulations limiting the number of people allowed at venues. They say it is impacting their pockets, as many have been out of work these past few months. #DurbanArtistsProtest #eNCA pic.twitter.com/YxDtVBAkI1  They
are demanding President Cyril Ramaphosa to open live events. Daily
Sun has reliably been told that amongst injured artists are DJ Bhunu, Naima K,
Malusi Beast Ndlovu and other local artists. Daily
Sun also understands that at least 35 KZN artists have been arrested and they
are currently detained at Westville Prison. Dladla
Mshunqisi who was at the scene told Daily Sun that they were not violent, but
police attacked them. “We
were not fighting with them and we were not resisting but police attacked us.
We were sprayed with tear gas and rubber bullets were fired at us. We started
running for our lives. I cannot remember all the details because at some point
I fell on the ground and fainted.  Somebody must have poured water on me
because when I gained my consciousness, I was wet,” explained Mshunqisi adding
that he could have easily died in the process.  We told you that lockdown will have devastating effects on the economy but your celebrity intelligence couldn't comprehend this you were busy campaigning for Coronavirus scam #VulaPresident you're on your own. pic.twitter.com/jzeSYt8HFA  A
source close to the situation said that a handful of artists were injured and
some of them were arrested. “At
this stage we don’t know how bad the injuries are and some of them are in
police detention with those injuries. At this point in time they are not even
getting medical attention inside prison,” said the source. President
of CCIFSA, Joy Mbewana told Daily Sun that as the organization they are very
angry at the police. “Our
members were not fighting; they were not a threat to anyone, and they were not
even armed but they were attacked. We also know that our members are law
abiding citizens. As a result, we would like to see justice being served,” said
Joy. On
Wednesday night the 35 artists were still behind bars. “At this point in time we have
managed to raise some funds for bail. We’ve also managed to legal practitioners
who will be dealing with this case going forward,” said Joy. 