THE fall out from relegated Polokwane City’s disastrous season will sink into today when management, players and technical staff meet to plan for life in the GladAfrica Championship next season. Rise and Shine were relegated to the Championship after they finished at the bottom of the Absa Premiership this season under coach Clinton Larsen, who has since left the Limpopo-based outfit this month. And today, City chairman Johnny Mogaladi will have a meeting with his players and the remaining technical team to pave the way forward, and to find out which players want to stay with his club and fight to help City return to the top flight as soon as possible. This meeting was scheduled for yesterday, but was postponed for today. “We will know today what are the plans for next season,” said City and Zambian goalkeeper, Cyril Chibwe. “This situation we are in is not easy, but we need to move on and fight for the return to the PSL as this team belong in the top flight. We did all we could (to avoid relegation), but it was not meant to be.” Chibwe told SunSport he would love to stay and play for City in the Championship. The 27-year-old Rustenburg-born goalie joined City last season and was fighting for No 1 jersey with Zimbabwean international, George Chigova. But Chigova has already left City to join his compatriotic Kaitano Tembo’s SuperSport United. And now it remains to be seen if Chibwe will remain with City, or will catch the eye of any Premiership team. But stated Chigova: “I love this team and I would love to be part of the fight to return City back to the Premiership. But let’s wait and see what will happen at the meeting with the chairman.” It also remains to be seen if City star players such as Nicholas Motloung, Walter Musonda, Mohammed Anas, Charlton Mashumba and many more will be prepared to play in the Championship. Meanwhile, City assistant coach Bernard Molekwa told SunSport he is heartbroken after the club were relegated. Molekwa has been with City since the club was formed in 2012. “I cannot talk much. I am still hurt,” said Molekwa, who has also worked as an interim coach in many occasions when City sacked coaches.