EFF official Mbuyiseni Ndlozi says the clicks ad ­- which identifies
black women’s hair as dry, damaged, frizzy and dull and white people’s as fine,
flat and normal - is a violation of human rights and dignity. “It’s the basis of the racial humiliation black people experience at the
hands of whites. We're the black majority and should never ever accept racism
in any form. Our hair, skin and bodies, in our country and the world, must be
respected by any revolutionary means necessary! Blacks should go to Clicks and
get justice. To hell with reconciliation and apologies." EFF deputy president, Floyd Shivambu, said Clicks should do the right
thing and suspend all those involved and terminate the contract of the company
that agreed to commission it.  “if you know what’s good for you: I won’t
repeat myself,” said Shivambu. Sne Khumalo said racism makes people believe black people have strong,
hard and unruly hair. “We actually have delicate, fragile, sensitive Afros that
need to be babied. So sensitive we have to wrap it in silk at night and leave
it untouched for it to grow. Black hair is political," said Sne. Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi said:  "Not only is this
disrespectful to black lives, it’s also evidence of an absence of
representation and diversity within the organisation. And we’re talking about a
South Africa with a population of about 80% black people.” Model Tshepiso Ralehlathe said she's tired of brands using blackness as
a publicity stunt or an advertising tool. “I'm so tired of educating corporates
about black hair, black skin and black lives," said Tshepiso. Reality TV star Innocent Matijane said he's taking his coins elsewhere.
“So your marketing team sat down and they thought to themselves: ‘Yeah no!
Brilliant idea, guys’. Who approved this? I’m tired of this actually. We’ll
just take our coins elsewhere,” said Innocent. "Hair is political. It was literally used to exercise violence
against us with the ‘pencil test’. What Clicks did wasn’t a mistake. It’s a
reflection of how deeply entrenched racism still is and how many people still
carry those views," said Carol Kganyago. Clicks sent out an apology. Project co-ordinator Oupa Ngwenya: “It’s
condescending. It re-enforces super and subordinate relations in a society
still hurting from racism. It promotes aesthetics ranking white hair as
standard for blacks to reach and aspire to with all that money can buy to
secure an image other than theirs’ said Oupa. He said the thrust of is that for blacks to be beautiful, wearing white
hair is the way to go.   “The message places the hair industry in the
dock for portraying white hair and skin as better and superior. The mentality
behind such business thinking has no place in newfound democracy still battling
to see its way out of racism,’ he said.