SUPERSPORT United captain Ronwen Williams says it would be a huge achievement if the club can finish in the top three, having gone through so many squad changes this campaign. Coach Kaitano Tembo made changes at the beginning of the season as he let go of old horses – Reneilwe Letsholonyane and Morgan Gould – and he was forced to look at his youth development. Now he has put his trust on young talent such as Sipho Mbule (22), Teboho Mokoena (23), Ghampani Lungu (21), Oswin Appollis (19), Jamie Webber (22), Luke Fleurs (20) and Thatayaone Ditlhokwe (21). In the club’s last game against Orlando Pirates, Tembo gave 20-year-old Gape Moralo his debut. The Tshwane giants lost their captain Dean Furman, who returned to England in March after the season was suspended following the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic. The club then appointed Williams as their new skipper, and further released Thabo Qalinge and Thabo Mnyamane in March. SuperSport’s are fourth on the log with 47 points – two behind third placed Bidvest Wits – have two remaining Absa Premiership matches against Baroka FC at Bidvest Stadium today (6pm) and Cape Town City at Orlando Stadium on Saturday. “At the beginning of the season, we set a top five target and a trophy,” Williams said. SuperSport claimed the MTN8 trophy in September after defeating Highlands Park in the final. “I think we have been in the top five throughout the season and we have managed to win the MTN8,” added Williams. “It’s been a wonderful season for us and one that we’ll look back to with good memories. I also feel that if we didn’t give away points, we would have challenged for the league title because it does seem like no one wants to win the title.” “I’m proud of all the youngsters who came through and that’s what SuperSport is all about,” revealed Williams who came through the club’s youth ranks. Striker Evans Rusike is out injured and will not play again this season. Aubrey Modiba, who is heavily linked with Mamelodi Sundowns, left the bubble on Monday following the birth of his child and it is not clear if he’ll play in the two remaining games. Defender Clayton Daniels misses the clash against relegation threatened Bakgaga through suspension.