SAFA eThekwini region has been placed under administration, according to the national body. Safa has appointed former president Molefi Oliphant as an administrator to find solutions and resolve the issues that have plagued the biggest region in KwaZulu-Natal. The association is trying to bring peace to the embattled region, which has been embroiled by infighting for many years. “The Safa NEC meeting on Saturday unanimously agreed to place the Safa eThekwini region under administration,” confirmed Safa spokesman Dominic Chimhavi. “Safa has appointed Oliphant as an administrator and his task is to make sure that everything is put in place so that the region goes back to normality.” In a statement, the federation yesterday wrote: “His (Oliphant) mandate is to ensure that fresh and democratic elections are held and that the new leadership is in place.” This is not the only region in KwaZulu-Natal that has proved to be troublesome to the association. Umgungundlovu in Pietermaritzburg was dissolved in March as staff members clashed with each other and Hloniphile Hlongwane, who is the region’s executive, allegedly had a firearm pointed at her in the office and was allegedly unlawfully removed from the payroll without her knowledge. She took the matter to the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA) to fight her dismissal and the money she was owed. Safa is still in shock following the assassination last Thursday of the Umkhanyakude region president, Jabulani Nxumalo. According to KZN Safa provincial chairman, Kwenzakwakhe Ngwenya, two assailants arrived at Nxumalo’s home and after exchanging a few words, shot Nxumalo several times before disappearing into the nearby bush on foot. Safa president, Danny Jordaan, said this was unacceptable and is hopeful the killers will be arrested soon by the police. Added Jordaan: “The loss of life is a serious setback for any family. We want the police to investigate and hopefully, we’ll get a speedy resolution. Fifa president, Gianni Infantino, sent his condolences to the Nxumalo family.”