A SKHOTHANE sangoma from Makhaza Sibusiso “Mkhulu” Mathe has fulfilled his promise to people of Khayelitsha on Saturday. Last month he gave 100 people R300 each and promised to give 200 more this month and he did just that. On top of the 200 he’d promised, he went the extra mile and gave R300 to 50 more people. Speaking to the crowd that had gathered outside his house in Shushu Street in Makhaza, Mkhulu Mathe said he doesn’t make fake promises. “You can ask anyone you want. I’ve never made a promise that I failed to fulfil. My name is Mkhulu Mathe Inyanga Yesizwe,” he said to the excited crowd. Mathe said people are struggling due to Covid-19 induced lockdown and he will assist them till November. “The reality is that people are struggling, and they come and knock at my door with these problems. I work with these people and I must give back to them. “It will not benefit anyone if people are to die of hunger. That’s why I’m doing this. We have founded Mkhulu Mathe Foundation, which will enable me to help as many people as possible,” said Mathe. Nomthandazo Majikijela (31) a single mother of three kids, said: “I lost my job at a bakery in April. Since then I’ve been struggling to pay rent and food for my kids. This is my second time to get money from Mkhulu. Last time I bought electricity and food for my kids. This time I’ll buy food for my kids. I’ve never seen a sangoma who helps people. I wish God to continue blessing Mkhulu Mathe,” she said. Another Makhaza resident, Mlungisi Manatha (56), said: “The good thing is that he cares for the community he comes from. He just doesn’t give money to people from other communities while we’re hungry.” Mathe called for thieves who’ve been using his name to swindle money from people to stop. “I know there are people stealing money in my name that has to come to an end. They can do that, but they will never take away the gift that I have. I was born with this gift from my ancestors,” he said. Madala Ngamanye Bantu (61): “I want to thank Mkhulu for his help in difficult times when we are struggling due to Covid-19. There are no sangomas out there with a good heart like him.” Mkhulu Mathe said on his birthday, to be celebrated in Mandela Park on 28 November, will give away two brand new cars to his clients. Next month he promised to increase the number of R300 money to 300 people.