Economies,
jobs, and personal lives are more digital, more connected, and more automated
than ever before, with the global pandemic having increased this dramatically.
In fact, latest research reveals that the global information technology
industry is on its way to reaching $5.2 trillion this year. Plus, according to
the prediction by several global tech experts, there will be a massive change
in technology in 2021. Jaco Joubert brand manager for high-end television brand
SKYWORTH concurs; “We can expect many big transformations and inventions in the
latest tech trends in the coming years.” SKYWORTH
are proven industry game changers, offering the market several firsts including
Android TV and AI TV. Last year’s IFA – the world's leading trade show for
consumer electronics and home appliances – saw the brand, a pioneer in
big-screen Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) and leading appliance
manufacturer unveil their new smart line, plus their ground-breaking new
system, Swaiot®. Through voice control, Swaiot® can connect more than 6,000
Wi-Fi non-intelligent home appliance products across brands and categories.
“With the Swaiot® system in place, consumers can conveniently connect and
control their smart home ecosystem, creating a holistic and vibrant smart
living world.”  “This just further demonstrates SKYWORTH’s commitment in
leading the industry under the new AIoT era,” explains Joubert. Joubert
highlights the top trends that will define the next technological decade: AI and
machine learning.
The increasing ability of machines to learn and act intelligently will
transform our world. “The speed at which AI is growing will prepare it to
undertake more human tasks this year and going into 2021. Its present-day tasks
of enabling computers, and in SKYWORTH’s case, TVS, to read, see, listen, speak
and even record, will help AI become a technology that no longer needs human
intervention to aid its learning,” says Joubert. The
Internet of Things (IoT). This refers to the ever-growing number of ‘smart’ devices and objects
that are connected to the internet. Such devices are constantly gathering and
transmitting data, further fuelling the growth in Big Data and AI. Wearables
and augmented humans.
What started with fitness trackers has now exploded into a whole industry of
wearable technology designed to improve human performance and help us live
healthier, safer, more efficient lives. In the future, we may even see humans
merge with technology to create ‘augmented humans’ or ‘trans humans.’ Intelligent
spaces and smart places. Closely linked to the IoT, this trend is seeing physical spaces –homes,
offices, and even whole cities – becoming increasingly connected and smart.
“Let your SKYWORTH S9A OLED TV be your home’s ‘Smart Hub,’ where at the click
of a button, or the sound of your voice, any other paired blue tooth device
around your home, will respond.” Voice
interfaces and chatbots. Alexa, Siri, Google Assistant and chatbots – many of us are now quite
familiar communicating with machines by simply speaking or typing our request.
Joubert says that the vision for the future of television is all about
personalised technology. “With the introduction of disruptive business models
and innovative technologies, TV is transforming itself.” Having launched AI TV
in the country last year, the first brand to do so, SKYWORTH’s AI TV range
supports both Google Assistant and other smart home devices such as Amazon
Alexa, turning your TV into your home’s control centre. In the future, more and
more businesses will choose to interact with their customers via voice
interfaces and chatbots. Robots
and cobots. Today’s
robots are more intelligent than ever, learning to respond to their environment
and perform tasks without human intervention. In certain industries, the future
of work is likely to involve humans working seamlessly with robot colleagues –
hence the term ‘cobot,’ or ‘collaborative robot.’ Autonomous
vehicles. The 2020s
will be the decade in which autonomous vehicles of all kinds – cars, taxis,
trucks, and even ships – become truly autonomous and commercially viable. 5G. The fifth generation of cellular
network technology will give us faster, smarter, more stable wireless
networking, thereby driving advances in many other trends (e.g., more connected
devices and richer streams of data). Cybersecurity
and resilience. As
businesses face unprecedented new threats, the ability to avoid and mitigate
cybersecurity threats will be critical to success over the next decade. Quantum
computing. Quantum
computers – unimaginably fast computers capable of solving seemingly unsolvable
problems – will make our current state-of-the-art technology look like
something out of the Stone Age. As yet, work in quantum computing is largely
restricted to labs, but we could see the first commercially available quantum
computer this decade. 3D and 4D
printing and additive manufacturing. Although this may seem low-tech compared to
some of the other trends, 3D and 4D printing will have very wide applications –
and will be particularly transformative when combined with trends like
mass-personalisation. Nanotechnology
and materials science. Our increasing ability to understand materials and control matter on a
tiny scale is giving rise to exciting new materials and products, such as
bendable displays. Speaking at
IFA last year, Tony Wang president and CEO of SKYWORTH said that, "Thanks
to the advent of 5G, the development of artificial intelligence and the
Internet of Things will continue at full speed. Undoubtedly, AIoT will be the
next battlefield for companies that want to lead the industry. SKYWORTH will
continue to evolve and reinvent the standard of smart living.”