NOT so long ago, local football went abuzz as Highlands Park returned to the elite league. Former players who included Eugene Kleyhans and Hennie Joubert, celebrated as one of the oldest clubs reclaimed their rightful place after 24 years. Many relived the good old days when Highlands were one of the most feared teams in the country before their demise, nearly 30-years-ago. But as the dust settles on the recently concluded Premiership season, officials at Highlands are packing their bags. As you read this, the club is officially in the hands of TS Galaxy owner, Tim Sukazi. Yet another club, steeped in rich history, have gone under the hammer after Bidvest Wits also ceased to exist. Fingers are being pointed at management, led by supremo Brad Kaftel, for the manner in which the whole situation is being handled, with regards to the players and the minority shareholders. As it is, the players’ future were decided on Monday with some seniors released and in the wilderness. Veteran goalkeeper Tapuwa Kapini has spoken of the shock and heartbreak when he and 10 other players were told, slap bang during a training session, that they were no longer needed by the club. But to observers, such news is no longer a shock. The sale of football clubs has become a norm like the sale of PPE. Of course, this is due to a number of factors, the effects of the Covid-19 being the main one. As Kaftel has explained, running a football club is simply not pap ’n vleis. The costs have escalated. Sponsors have deserted football like the bustling City of Joburg during the festive holidays. Frankly, it is hard to see them return anytime soon as many industries grapple with the effects of the pandemic. Instead, they should be concerned about the widening gap in-between them and the 10-time league champions. It’s been six years since Orlando Pirates last won a major trophy and five since Amakhosi celebrated silverware. A succession of coaches for both clubs hasn’t delivered results for either, this as Sundowns continue to rake in trophies, challenging on several fronts under one man, Pitso Mosimane. Mosimane has succeeded where many of his predecessors have failed, clogging the cabinet at Chloorkop with the delivery of trophies. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso