MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has confirmed that they have a lot of causalities ahead of the clash against relegation threatened Polokwane City on Wednesday. The match is scheduled for Loftus Stadium at 6pm. With two games remaining in the Absa Premiership, Sundowns are within the title race as they are second on the log, same point with Kaizer Chiefs. They are only separated by goal difference as they both have gathered 53 points each team. Sibusiso Vilakazi is out with a knee injury, Andile Jali and Mosa Lebusa with hamstring injuries a With the lot of injuries in his squad Mosimane says they are not complaining. "(Sibusiso) Vilakazi doesn’t look good, we are waiting for opinion from the doctor. He went for scans and so we are waiting on the results of those<" Mosimane said. "Andile has got a hamstring and so he could also not finish the last match. Lebusa is struggling, so I don’t think he will make it. Gaston Sirino and Phakamani (Mahlambi) trained, so that means these two might be available.He added: "Onyango trained a little bit, but with him you don’t want to take a risk because you might have him out for the rest of the bubble. There are three games left (including the Nedbank Cup final), so even if he came make the last two."Rivaldo Coetzee trained a little bit and says he feels better. Mabunda will try and be available."We have a lot of casualties, but we are not complaining, it is the way it is. A lot of teams have lost a lot of players." Mosimane believe this will not be a walk in the park for them as Rise and Shine are also fighting for their lives at the bottom of the table. He stated: "We have checked them, they play two systems. "They had been playing four at the back but now lately they have been playing five. They are desperate like we are. We will see how it goes. They are tough."There is no team in the bubble we can say we can easily beat. You do not know how it is going to go and who is going to beat who. I think it is the best time for interest now, it is really unpredictable."