MARITZBURG United management have expressed an interest in keeping Orlando Pirates left-back Tebogo Tlolane on loan for next season. The KZN-club are also interested to have Siphesihle Ndlovu on loan, but Maritzburg chairman Farook Kadodia said that is unlikely. Tlolane was sent on loan to the Midlands club by Bucs in January transfer window and impressed under coach Eric Tinkler. The 25-year-old featured in 14 appearances, including in all six games in the biobubble in Gauteng last month, when the season restarted and he scored two goals in the process. “We have made a request to Pirates to extend the loan deal arrangement for another season and we are waiting for their response,” said Kadodia. Tlolane’s place at Pirates is not a given as coach Jozef Zinnbauer prefers Paseka Mako and Bafana Bafana international Innocent Maela. On top of that, there’s also Bongani Sam, who is waiting in the wings. This is the reason Pirates decided to ship Tlolane out on loan in the second half of this past season to Maritzburg. Tinkler wants to have Ndlovu back, who shone through during his three-year seasons with the club before he joined Pirates at the beginning of the season along with Fortune Makaringe. However, Makaringe fared better at Bucs, compared to Ndlovu, who was also linked to rejoin Maritzburg on loan in January as he did not feature much for the Soweto giants. The 23-year-old played in 15 games in all competitions, as coach Zinnbauer preferred mostly Makaringe and Ben Motshwari. But the Pietermaritzburg-born Ndlovu, who became the first player to claim the Midfielder of the Season award in the 2017-18 season for Maritzburg, finished this past season stronger when it restarted in the bubble. He scooped two Man of the Match awards for Pirates in the last two games of the season – against Maritzburg and Stellenbosch FC, in which Bucs won. That is why Kadodia has cast doubt about their chances of getting a positive response from Pirates about Ndlovu, and feels their chances are slim. “We would love to have him here and indication from Pirates is that they want to get the best out of him. They played him in the bubble and I think he played there very well,” Kadodia said.