A MECHANICAL workshop boss is afraid that he might lose a contract from the Limpopo Health Department after a video allegedly showed one of the mobile clinic, that had come for mechanical problems, being used for personal errands. It’s alleged that the mobile clinic was being used to collect personal property belonging to the workshop owner that had previously been attached from the sheriff’s storage facility. In the video leaked, the man can be seen loading goods that are not medical related into the mobile clinic. But the workshop owner Mike Masipa has disputed all the rumors that the mobile clinic was being used for personal use. He claimed that the video shared on social media has been edited to discredit his business credibility. Masipa of MTM Auto Mechanics & Projects in Tzaneen Limpopo said the mobile clinic was not being used for personal errands, but was send out for testing and to collect its parts at motor spares. He told Daily Sun: “The vehicle was being driven by one of my workers not me. What I know is that the mobile clinic had bad sound on the wheels and had to be taken for a test drive. That video is fake because it has been edited to discredit my work.” “There are other workshop owners who are jealous of me since I got a contract from the department to fix their vehicles. They want to destroy my business. I am still going to meet the department for a hearing and I don’t know what will happen there but wish not to lose this contract with them,” Masipa said. Desiree Van der Walt, MPL of the DA in Tzaneen, Limpopo, said it’s deeply concerning that this incident takes place during a time where resources such as mobile clinics are desperately needed in the province’s response to Covid-19. “There should be no scenario where provincial government resources meant to service the people of Mopani are used for personal errands. These actions are a pure abuse and misuse of public resources and show a total disregard for providing a professional service in an ethical manner by the contractor,” she said. Van Dee Walt added that they want the health department to investigate this matter and take decisive action against the contractor. Neil Shikwambana, spokesman for Limpopo Health Department, has praised the whistle blower for speaking out and recorded a clip when one of their vehicles was seen being used for personal use. “We are currently dealing with that matter accordingly as per our agreement with the contractor. We are pleading with the public to report to us whenever they seeing our vehicles being used for personal gains,” Shikwambana said