ROYAL Eagles’ relegation to the ABC Motsepe League didn’t come as a surprise as ugly issues off the field took place before the season got underway. The team that was bankrolled by the flamboyant couple Sbu Mpisane and his ex-wife, Shauwn Mkhize, were demoted last week with just three games to go. The dreams they had when the former power couple bought the status of Mpumalanga-based NFD side Sivutsa Stars in 2014 have been shattered. The name changed to Royal Eagles and perception was created that the club was going to be a huge threat to the rest of the teams in the then National First Division (now the GladAfrica Championship). They initially lived up to that expectation when they signed players who had Absa Premiership experience such as Mbulelo Mabizela, Thulasizwe Mbuyane, Dominic Isaacs, Mark Mayambela, Njabulo Manqana and Katlego Mphela in a bid to dominate the league from the onset and eventually gain promotion to the top flight. Coaches such as Khabo Zondo, the late Roger Sikhakhane, Duncan Lechesa, Zipho Dlangalala, Kosta Papic were appointed but they came and went without success. Mpisane said at that time: “I want to spend three seasons in the NFD to learn the ropes and after that, gain promotion the Premiership at the fourth attempt.” However, in six seasons in the NFD, Eagles only came close once to earning promotion which was last season when they finished second and qualified for the promotion play-offs. But Eagles failed at the play-offs. And Sbu and Shauwn’s relationship was on the rocks. Sbu was no longer with the club and Shauwn was running it on her own. However, this season’s demise was evident from the beginning when the divorce was signed in court, Shauwn claimed the club to be hers but she was rejected by the PSL as the club was initially registered under Sbu’s name. While they were furiously dealing with that matter, the PSL confirmed that two Eagles matches were postponed to allow the club to sort out their internal issues. Shauwn and her son Andile Mpisane then resigned as part of the management. Shauwn, as part of the divorce agreement, took 50% of the players and coach Masutha. Sbu was left with no big-name players to continue running Eagles with and had the burden of paying the bills. Shauwn, no longer part of the Eagles, then attempted to buy Uthongathi FC. However, she was rejected by the club due to the complex nature of how the club is run. While she had her the 50% stake, she loaned her players to Real Kings for the entire season while she was serving a cooling off period. In 178 matches Eagles played in the first division (excluding Nedbank Cups and its preliminaries), they won 62, lost 61 and drew 55.