IZINKABI were arrested in the Eastern Cape after amabharete foiled an alleged plot to assassinate municipal officials. Three men aged between 27 and 29 from Lower Kroza A/A kuQumbu were but on Saturday in a raid by the Tactical Response Team (TRT). They were charged for conspiracy to commit murder. Police spokeswoman Colonel Sibongile Soci said: “The arrest took place after crime intelligence intercepted information about a plot to kill Mhlontlo municipal councillors in Qumbu.” “Two police agents acted as inkabi that will be hired to carry out the hit, and a meeting point was set up. TRT team intercepted a car in the vicinity of Northcrest Mthatha on they way to Qumbu, where the alleged killing was planned. “They stopped and searched the car with three males. A search was conducted and police recovered one 9mm pistol with one magazine and eight rounds ammunition and one Norinco 9mm pistol, with one magazine and six rounds of ammunition with 18 loose rounds of 9mm ammunition were found.” “The suspect aged between 27 and 29 were immediately arrested. All suspects are expected to appear in the Qumbu Magistrates Court on Monday facing respective charges,” said Soci Meanwhile, police in Tsolo are searching for three suspects who allegedly killed four family members and left one wounded in Magutywa. According to Brigadier Thembinkosi Kinana, a police preliminary report indicates that a group of three unidentified men who were driving in a silver grey Toyota double cab vehicle arrived at a homestead where there was a traditional ceremony. The report further suggests that two of the suspect, who are alleged to have been carrying an AK47 rifle and a pistol, started shooting at three men aged between 28 and 78 in the yard. They all died at the scene. It is further alleged that the suspects drove up into the same village where they came across another men aged 28, whom they shot and seriously injured and proceeded further to a house where they shot and killed a 73-year-old man who is believed to be part of the first four family members who were attacked earlier. Kinana said: “The motive for the killing has not yet been established. However, cases of murder and attempted murder have been registered at Tsolo Police Station for investigation. No arrest has been made at this stage.”