BIDVEST Wits coach, Gavin Hunt, will look back at his time at the club fondly. This after he closed the Wits chapter following the conclusion of the 2019-20 Premier Soccer League (PSL) season on Saturday. Hunt took charge of his last match as Wits coach on Saturday as his side went out on a high with a 3-1 win over relegated Polokwane City at the Tuks Stadium. The Clever Boys have ceased to exist after their PSL status was sold to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). The club will now relocate to Venda and campaign in the PSL. Hunt, who spent six successful seasons at Wits, has now been forced to look for a new job. But the former SuperSport United mentor is not expected to have a difficult time finding a new home, as he is one of the most sought after coaches in Mzansi. Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates are rumoured to be in talks with him, with their intention to rope him into their ensemble. Hunt has taken time to reflect on his time with the Clever Boys, saying he will look back with a lot of pride having achieved a lot with the club. “When you leave a place you always want to leave it in a better place, but there’s not going to be a better place in this case,” said an emotional Hunt. “But I want to be remembered as having given a lot of players opportunities. I want to be remembered as a successful coach. “The most important one is that we won the league, you can never take that away. It had never been done in 99 years at this club and we did it, (for) a club of our size that is something that will always live with me.” Hunt isn’t the only one affected by the club’s sale, with the players and the rest of the employees having to find new homes elsewhere as well. A number of Wits’ top stars have already secured contracts with other clubs for next season, but some are still searching. Hunt had some words of advice and encouragement to all his players as they all go their separate ways. “Hopefully what they have learnt here they can take it to their new teams wherever they go and implement it,” added Hunt. “They should show their new team what they’ve learnt here and bring good character to football. Hopefully, they will get repaid in life and live better lives with their families.”