THERE is more chance of an African despot peacefully relinquishing power than Kaizer Motaung putting his beloved Kaizer Chiefs on sale. If that were to happen though, the buyer will need to seriously splash the cash as the club will not cost anything less than R1 billion. That is the estimation according to Tim Sukazi, owner of TS Galaxy, and a lawyer. Sukazi had been hankering for a PSL status and finally got his wish when Highlands Park accepted his offer for the lucrative spot in the Premiership. PSL status does not come cheap and Sukazi admits he wouldn’t have dreamt purchasing either of the PSL’s big three clubs. “If you’re talking Kaizer Chiefs or Orlando Pirates or Mamelodi Sundowns, then you’re talking something else, maybe even R1 billion,” Sukazi told the South African Football Journalists Association (Safja). “There’s no chance you could buy Chiefs for less than R1 billion. You have to look at what’s there at the club. “They have got a Vodacom sponsorship and maybe they spend R75 million or R80 million, alone. Then there’s Toyota and the rest of the sponsors. “It’s a well-decorated club from a sponsorship perspective, which has got monetary value in it. Their sponsorships would be in the region of R150 million or thereabout.” Sukazi further explained the reasons for his massive evaluation. “There are other things like player values and goodwill. The club have a rich history and that will count in the pricing model.” Sukazi would not reveal how much he spent on the recent deal, but he did allude it could be in a region of R60m. “The pricing of a football franchise depends on the willing seller and willing buyer model,” he said. “However, there’s a ball-park range. A professional football status at the highest level of the game should cost in the region of R60 million or thereabout. “And how does that price get arrived at?... the PSL grants that come in every month. “You then look at the player value with that squad and the goodwill of that particular club.”