IDOLS SA Top 16 guys opened the no-audience live show at the State Theatre on Sunday. They opened the season sweet 16 lockdown edition show with a performance by Justine Timberlake’s song. The first, to perform form the guys was ZanoThando with Ray Charles’ I got a woman song. Randall said he spent a lot of time in front of the mirror. “You have to focus,” he said. Unathi said their concern is how concerned he is. Somizi said he is comfortable with him. “You are going to do well in this competition only if you put your heart, mind, and everything in it,” he said. Zahn-Reece performed a song that was a hit by Delaney and Bonnie and was then memorably covered by The Carpenters and Luther Vandross called Super Star. Unathi said he’d make Luther Vandross proud.  “You were bold and unapologetic. You are within, stay there,” she said. Ethan was up next, and he gave a rendition of Nina Simone’s feeling good. The judges were impressed by his performance. Somizi said he nailed it. “This song doesn’t deserve this stage, it deserved a full audience arena and you deserve a whuuuu shame,” he said. Randall disagreed with Somizi. A dance smash for Robyn and a sultry acoustic masterpiece for Calum Scott, this wonderful song gets a masterful #IdolsSA makeover from Brandon!https://t.co/RFuB8fyXcE  “During the performance, I felt like it could end,” he said. Unathi said it was the best performance she saw since she was on Idols. Etta James, Ike and Tina Turner, and Beyoncé have all tackled this beautiful song – now we get a bold #IdolsSA version from Mr Music!https://t.co/RFuB8fyXcE  Jooma followed with a performance by Johnny Mathis’s Always And Forever. The judges loved his performance. Randall said he was part of the music. Somizi said he deserved to go to the next round. “I hope your family and fans vote for you,” he said. Written by the Bee Gees for Samantha Sang, and then revived by Destiny’s Child, this ballad gets the Succedor stamp on the #IdolsSA stage!https://t.co/RFuB8fyXcE  Succeedor followed with Destiny’s child’s Emotion. Unathi said he was bold to choose that song. “What you did is calm you down and listen to your heart. It was imperfectly perfect,” she said. From the funk of Heatwave through to the smoothness of Luther Vandross to this all-new joy on the #IdolsSA stage from Jooma!https://t.co/RFuB8fyXcE  Somizi said it didn’t do it for him. “It wasn’t great, but I hope you are forgiven,” he said. Mr. Music performed All I could do is cry by Beyoncé. Originally recorded by Ray Charles and then made famous by Elvis Presley, now on #IdolsSA ZanoThando proves his versatility with a very South African version. We kick off #IdolsSA live rounds with the Top 16 boys singing a song that was originally just a demo by Michael Jackson in 1983, and then reworked by Justin Timberlake in 2014 – and the boys BRING IT!  Somizi said he enjoyed the emotions he put in the song. “As far as delivering, I applauded you for that,” he said. Qhawe closed off the show with a Chris Brown hit, Try a little tenderness. Unathi said she loved it. Randall said it will be interesting to see how the audience votes. Next week Sunday, the girls will be performing live on Mzansi Magic channel 161 at 17:00.