ORLANDO Pirates and Bafana Bafana  star midfielder, Thembinkosi Lorch, is out on
bail after being arrested for allegedly beating his girlfriend. The soccer star, whose name became well known through the
amapiono hit song ‘Lorch’, was arrested this morning. The soccer star's girlfriend opened a case of assault
against him at Midrand Police station alleging that Lorch strangled her after
she had asked about his whereabouts, according to a report by a Sunday newspaper. The incident alleged happened on Sunday evening at the
soccer player’s house in Midrand. It is alleged that Lorch became angry when his girlfriend
asked him about where he was and started assaulting her. He appeared in court today and was released on a R 2 000
bail. Lorch is due back in court on the 18 October this year. Gauteng Police spokesman, Captain Kay Makhubele,
confirmed that a case of assault was opened against a 27-year-old man, and said
the man was arrested in the early hours of Monday morning at his place of
residence. Makhubele said in the early hours of today (Monday)
police arrested a 27-year old man for allegedly assaulting a woman at his place
of residence in Midrand. "It is reported that the suspect physically
assaulted the complainant after a verbal exchange between the two, and the
victim was allegedly rescued by the suspect's friend who was present at the
time of the incident that is related to domestic violence," he said. In a statement, Orlando Pirates Football Club said they
were aware of an alleged incident involving Thembinkosi Lorch. "This matter is currently in the hands of the
authorities. “As a club we cannot comment further except to say that
we condemn all forms of violence, especially violence against women and
children," read the statement. The club said they support the rights of every individual
and strongly condemn violence. "This country has witnessed some of the most
appalling cases of GBV and we do not take this matter lightly, however we need
to respect the process undertaken by the authorities and allow the law to take
its course,” read the statement