MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says “it was about time that his side signed players” as they have allowed others dominate the local market. Sundowns have dominated the market and more than eight players have been signed by the club ahead of next season. Bidvest Wits trio; Ricardo Goss, Gift Motupa, Haashim Domingo, Highlands Park duo - Mothobi Mvala and Peter Shalulie, who finished tied with Orlando Pirates striker Gabadinho Mhango for the PSL golden shoe award in this delayed season with 16 league goals, are set to join the recently crowned Absa Premiership champions. Others are Jody February and Grant Magerman from Cape Umoya and Ajax Cape Town respectively (with the latter set to join after the completion of the play-offs). While these players are yet to be confirmed, Lesedi Kapinga (from Black Leopards) and George Maluleka (from Kaizer Chiefs) were signed in July and have been training with the club in a bio bubble in Gauteng. Jingles, who is in line to claim the treble this season as Sundowns face Bloemfontein Celtic at Orlando Stadium tonight, wants to annex the Caf Champions League title next season having fallen short since winning this competition in 2016. Sundowns’ thinking is that, this coming season will be very packed schedule with lots of games in a short space of time as the scheduled was wrecked by the Covid-19 pandemic and that’s why they went on a buying spree. “We also deserve a chance now to sign players because everybody has been signing‚ give us a chance. Let’s sign also,” said the outspoken Mosimane. “We only signed two last year (Mauricio Affonso, Sammy Seabi and Nyiko Mobbie, who was loaned to Stellenbosch FC) and the perception has been that we are buying a lot of players without acknowledging the Promise Mkhuma, ‘Pitso’ (Siphelele Mkhulise), Nico Lukhubeni and Keletso Makgalwa. “We have to put these players on the pitch and they have played in the biggest games.” Mosimane said it is still difficult to find the replacement of the deadly combo of CBD that was made by Leonardo Castro, Khama Billiat and Keagan Dolly that smashed the points tally of 71 in 2015-16 season. “What a team and it was not a treble won locally (having also won the TKO) because it had the Champions League but it was a treble,” said Mosimane. “To add on top of it, they won the Caf Super Cup (in 2017). What an amazing team we had. To get there again, you are talking about the galacticos of Real Madrid, you are talking about Barcelona, so we don’t have that team anymore.”