FREE State Stars boss, Rantsi Mokoena, has targeted the “Magic 57” points for the coming season in order to emulate the current GladAfrica Championship champions, Swallows, next season. Swallows won the Championship on 57 points, which is 12 more than what Stars achieved to finish this term fifth on the log. According to Mokoena, 57 points will put them in a comfortable position and there’s enough chance that they could gain automatic promotion. Ea Lla Koto finished the Championship season with 45 points from 30 matches. This is a realistic target considering that Stars scored 41 goals to finish the season equal with Swallows. However, the Bethlehem-based outfit has drawn 12 matches, affecting their chances of returning to the land of milk and honey. Ajax Cape Town and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) finished second and third respectively, and are now engaged in the play-offs, along with Black Leopards, competing for the remaining spot in the top flight. Said Mokoena: “This (past) season was to understand how the NFD (Championship) work. “The last time we were in this division it was called Mvela Golden League. We had a good season considering we were seven points behind No 1. “If we had turned three draws into wins, we could have been in a comfortable position (to gain promotion). “We are improving and if we get the seven points we missed, it will make a huge difference.” But Mokoena stressed that he can’t divulge their plans for the new season until they know their fixtures and kick-off date. “The pandemic (coronavirus) has changed a lot of things and we don’t know when the season will start. We have guidelines and we don’t even know when the borders will open, since we have players who are still abroad.” Mokoena revealed that they will venture into the transfer market to beef up the squad. “Of course, we want to beef up the squad. There are players whom we have identified for key areas in the team. “But like I said, we are guided by regulations before we could reveal our plans for the new season,” he added.