THE recently concluded Premiership season was arguably one of the most exciting in recent history. There was no shortage of suspense and action with the title decided on the final day of the season, with Mamelodi Sundowns pipping Kaizer Chiefs to the crown. And a number of players produced some memorable performances, with the joint-top scorers Gabadinho Mhango and Peter Shalulile, surpassing the 15 goal mark. They have certainly raised the bar ahead of next season, but what happened to some of the top performers from the previous seasons? SunSport looks at five players who didn’t quite hit the heights during the recently concluded campaign. THEMBINKOSI LORCH The Orlando Pirates attacker was the shadow of the player who scooped the PSL Footballer of the Season award two seasons ago after netting 13 goals and providing seven assists across all competitions. Lorch struggled to replicate the form that saw him light up the Premiership as he helped Bucs to a second place finish behind Sundowns in the 2018-19 season. He contributed just three goals and five assists last season, a modest showing from someone who had set the bar so high the previous campaign. The star has also found himself in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons of late, having been suspended by Pirates at the start of the “bio-bubble” last month when the season restated over a breach of protocol before his recent arrest over alleged domestic violence. JEREMY BROCKIE Brockie was once one of the most deadly strikers in the PSL, but that is a reputation that many are beginning to forget after a few disappointing seasons. The New Zealander has never really hit the heights he did in the colours of SuperSport United since he moved to Sundowns. Brockie spent last season on loan at KwaZulu Natal side Maritzburg United, where he was expected to regain his former. But it was another disappointing season for him. The 32-year-old could only manage a single goal and assist for Eric Tinkler’s men in 15 matches across all competitions, before his loan was cut short prior to the bio-bubble camp. KHAMA BILLIAT It’s safe to say the Zimbabwean has not been able to replicate his form at Mamelodi Sundowns for his current club Kaizer Chiefs since his big move. His debut campaign, in which Chiefs finished ninth, was not the worst personally as he finished with 11 goals and 10 assists in 38 games across all competitions. But last season saw him really struggle to make an impact as he could only manage to score three league goals and provide a solitary assist as Amakhosi finished runners-up to Sundowns. MWAPE MUSONDA On the back of two impressive seasons for Black Leopards in which he topped the second-tier’s scoring charts and then repeated the feat in the Premiership with 16 goals, Musonda had a quiet season last term. He could not continue his fine goal scoring form last season, finishing with just five goals and two assists to his name as his side finished 15th on the log. At the end of last season, the Zambian was linked with a move away from Lidoda Duvha but nothing materialised, something that could have impacted his form this season. SIPHESIHLE NDLOVU Siphesihle Ndlovu struggled to cement a regular place in the Orlando Pirates team following his arrival from Maritzburg United, where he had been a consistent performer. He only managed to make 15 appearances for Pirates in all competitions last season, and could not make much of an impact. However, he is still highly regarded at the club and would be expected to play a bigger role in the coming season.