MAMELODI Sundowns’ recent graduate from their academy, Promise Mkhuma, has tasted the feeling of winning silverware at the highest level in Mzansi football, and he wants more. The 20-year-old was part of the Downs outfit that lifted their 10th Absa Premiership title over the weekend, pipping Kaizer Chiefs to the crown on the final day. It was Mkhuma’s first taste of silverware with the senior team since his promotion back in December, following his impressive performances as the captain of the club’s MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) team. The diminutive midfielder, who has been tipped as one of the most promising youngsters in the league, is now hungry for more success in Downs colours. He might not have to wait too long to add another trophy to his collection, with Sundowns set to play in the final of the Nedbank Cup this weekend. They face Bloemfontein Celtic at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (8pm), looking to complete an impressive treble. “I’m excited having won my first league title with the senior team,” said Mkhuma. “I would say it’s just a great feeling. I have said it before that I would love to win the league with this team and now it has happened. “This is great for my senior career. The gates are opening and I’m looking forward to winning many more trophies at this club.” Mkhuma is another one in a long list of youngsters to have made the step up from the Downs academy to the senior team in recent years. He follows the likes of Percy Tau, Motjeka Madisha, Siphelele Mkhulise, Keletso Makgalwa and Nicholas Lukhubeni, as some of the talents to emerge from the academy. Mkhuma has been welcomed warmly by some of the senior players who have taken it upon themselves to make his transition smooth. “The relationship with the senior guys in the team has been good,” added Mkhuma. “Guys like Tiyani Mabunda and Hlompho Kekana are the ones who have guided me so far during training and even off the pitch. “They’ve been advising on how to carry myself and helping me to fix my mistakes on the field. “I remember when we played Maritzburg United, I had a chat with Villa (Sibusiso Vilakazi) and he told me to relax, not be sacred and just take them on and play my game.” Mkhuma, who is currently studying officiating and coaching sciences at the Tshwane University of Technology, is doing his best to balance education and football. “It’s not been easy, there are some difficulties especially now with the coronavirus outbreak and having to study online,” added Mkhuma. “But I’ve done all my assignments and I’m awaiting my results for the first semester. I believe I did well.”