The Mercedes-Benz S-Class is the world’s best-selling luxury sedan. With the latest S-Class launch, Mercedes says it wants to offer customers innovation, safety, comfort, and quality as never before. Chairman of Daimler AG and Mercedes-Benz AG Ola Källenius said: “The new S-Class sets standards: for safety and comfort. We are confident that our customers will be excited by the intelligent beauty, exceptional standards of safety, and the intuitive operation and handling of the new S-Class.” MBUX (Mercedes-Benz User Experience) infotainment system The second generation of the system will be debuting in the new S-Class. It comes with the possibilities for personalisation and intuitive operation. This applies in the rear, but also to the driver: The new 3D driver display allows a three-dimensional view at the touch of a button for the first time. A real three- dimensional effect is achieved without having to wear 3D glasses. Hit or Miss???: the new S-Class pic.twitter.com/y5JJE4DvsB  Five large screens with intuitive operation The visual highlight in the interior is the large central display, now in portrait format. It is ergonomically positioned, as the screen is within reach and also visually between the driver and front passenger. The portrait format also allows longer lists to be displayed. The central display features haptic feedback and OLED technology. The haptic feedback provides minimal vibration during the touch operation of a virtual button that gives the impression of having operated a mechanical switch.  ENGINE When the new S-Class is launched, a six-cylinder in-line engine will be available, alongside a V8 engine with an integrated starter generator (ISG) and a 48-volt onboard electrical system. With the introduction of the integrated starter-generator (ISG) in the S-Class powered by the M 256 six-cylinder in-line engine in 2017, the 48-volt onboard electrical system celebrated its world premiere. The ISG is responsible for hybrid functions such as EQ Boost and energy recovery while allowing fuel savings that were previously reserved for high- voltage hybrid technology.  The systematically electrified six-cylinder in-line engine in the new Mercedes-Benz S 500 4MATIC has an output of 320 kW and 520 Nm. The electrified V8 Biturbo engine in the new Mercedes-Benz S580 has an output of 349kW and 699Nm. Both variants are equipped with EQ Boost which provides a further 173Nm of torque as well as up to an additional 37kW for short periods. 