Nateniel Julie's mum said the police who took away his life, can never take away the wonderful memories they shared. On Saturday, dozens of Eldorado Park residents gathered to bid farewell to Nateniel. Speaking at the funeral, Bridget Harris said they shared special moments with her son who loved to dance. Bridget said they always had morning chats with Nateniel as she bathed him. She said Nateniel always expressed his love for her.  She said: "I will say to him, everyone will leave the house and they will get married but you will always be mommy's baby. "God has borrowed me Nateniel for 16 years... We will always miss the wonderful memories, his dancing and laughter," said Bridget. The 16-year-old teenager who had Down syndrome, was allegedly shot and killed by the police on August 26 while enjoying a pack of his biscuit, few metres away from home. His death has since caused an outrage, and residents have accused their local police of brutality and corruption. Nateniel's stepdad, Clint Smit said: "He was the first one in our house to wake up and he will want to wash because he wanted to go out." The family has thanked people for the support they have received since Nateniel's passing. Friends, family and Nateniel's school teachers have described Nateniel as loving, gentle, polite and very confident. Earlier in the morning Julie's family held a private ceremony at their home before Nateniel's body left in a hearse to Mount Carmel Ministries International where the funeral service was held. Community members attempted to force their way into the venue of funeral service as only few media houses and community members were allowed as part of Covid-19 protocols, but the police acted swiftly.  Large police presence was also deployed. While many other residents with children held placards across the streets of Eldorado Park in the south of Joburg calling for justice. Three cops have since been arrested in connection to the killing of Nateniel and are expected to make their second court appearance at Protea Magistrate Court on Thursday. Nateniel will be laid to rest at Klipspruit Cemetery's Heroes.