EXPERIENCE and reputation cannot be the only requirements for a coaching job. Former players need to obtain coaching qualifications and equip themselves for opportunities. This is the advice of Safa president Danny Jordaan to former professionals, who are crying out for coaching and administration opportunities. “We encourage former players to get (involved in football), but also to either get an education or get technical qualifications,”Jordaan told Cosafa TV. “It is sometimes a problem, especially for those who have played at the highest level. But it is not enough to rely on experiences during their careers.” Local football is littered with stories of ex-players who have fallen on hard times, and of those who can’t get opportunities to pursue coaching careers. The football association has always been willing to rope in former players in various positions, as seen with the appointment of Brian Baloyi, David Nyathi, and Fabian McCarthy to Safa sub-committees. A lot more could get involved, however, on merit, with the required skills and not solely on their credentials as former SA internationals. “I had an example in South Africa too, where I had to speak to this legend, who also felt he knew everything about football, so why must he now be told by people who have never played at the highest level how to coach?” Jordaan said. “So I agreed with him, he could do it orally. You sit down there and you explain all the things you know. “The evaluators can sit there, and if you can prove that yes, you know all things they want you to know at Fifa level coaching badge, then we will give you the job. “I remember the story of Ruud Gullit (Dutch legend). When he was at the end of his career and retired, he went back to Holland and I had this conversation with him. The KNVB is very clear, if you do not have qualifications, you can’t be a coach at any level.” The South African Masters and Legends Football Association has been working hard to get ex-professionals the required skills, also partnering with Unisa as part of the drive to get players back to school.