AMANDA Mbuyazi (37) and Neli Mkhwanazi (35) from KwaMbonambi in northern KZN were allegedly shot dead on Saturday by Amanda’s boyfriend when they returned from a party. Amanda’s mum Celiwe Khumalo (59) told Daily Sun she couldn’t believe her daughter and her best friend were gone. She said they lived in a rented house. “I heard Amanda had a boyfriend who had a car and a gun. They’ve been together for less than one year.” She was told on Saturday, Amanda and Neli went to a party with the boyfriend. “Amanda’s boyfriend went to the back of the house. When he didn’t come back, Amanda went to look for him.” She was told Amanda found him sitting with another woman. “I heard the boyfriend shouted at her for following him and he beat her. Then he was stopped and they left together.” Celiwe said on the way, Amanda and Neli were seen getting out of the car. “They were seen walking together, carrying their cooler box. After a few minutes, the boyfriend’s car returned and Amanda and Neli were seen getting in. He then drove for a short distance and stopped. I heard he first fired a shot at Neli and then shot Amanda.” “A man who lives close to where this happened saw everything. Cops traced the boyfriend to a local clinic.” She said it was really heart-breaking. “Amanda used to visit me very often. Wherever she went, she was with Neli. They spent all their time together.” A family member said Amanda’s boyfriend was married and she didn’t understand why he killed them in such a brutal manner. “He is heartless and selfish. He was wrong to go and be with another woman while he was with Amanda. He disrespected her. He shouldn’t have beaten her and even killed her for questioning him.” Colonel Thembeka Mbele said two women’s bodies were found next to the road in Eshobeni Reserve in KwaMbonambi with gunshot wounds to the forehead. “The investigation revealed a bakkie with the driver and two passengers was travelling in the area when the two were dropped by the driver, who fired shots towards them.” She said the motive was unknown. “The driver was found at a local clinic, where he had a stab wound on the left arm.” Mbele said the 39-year-old was bust for two counts of murder and will appear in KwaMbonambi Magistrates Court.