FORMER PSL general manager and former referee, Andile "Ace" Ncobo, has clarified the confusion surrounding Tebogo Langerman's inclusion in Mamemoli Sundowns' Nedbank Cup final squad list against Bloemfontein Celtic at Orlando Stadium on Saturday night. Langerman was on the bench despite PSL records indicating that he is suspended for the match and should not have been part of the team. Just being on the bench is regarded to as having participated, even though the player didn't get on to the field. Ncobo volunteered on his Twitter account, wearing his former PSL GM cap this time, to educate frustrated fans who are not sure whether the Brazilians, who beat Celtic 1-0 via Gaston Sirino solitary goal, could be stripped off the Cup title. "Let me give clarity on the Tebogo Langerman issue. Please note that it's not a refereeing matter, it's a Rules & Regulations issue so I'll be wearing the 'former PSL GM' cap on this one," Ncobo put up a disclaimer. The KZN businessman indicated that Sundowns remain winners of the Nedbank Cup "and there is no controversy around that fact".  "Let's start with participation. He was on the bench. Did he participate? In terms of Rule 16.5, a player who is named in the Team Sheet is deemed to have participated in the match. So indeed Langerman participated," wrote Ncobo.  "Did Celtic lodge a valid protest? From what I'm able to gather, Celtic made a submission AFTER the match, which would then categorise their submission as a complaint rather than a protest. "A protest regarding the ineligibility of a player can only be valid when submitted to the referee, in the presence of the opposing captain and an assistant referee no less than 30 minutes prior to kick-off (Rule 51.3). "It therefore follows that, Celtic did not lodge a protest with the League and therefore there is no disciplinary protest that places the match and its outcomes under review. "Despite there being no protest but a complaint, what is the status of the action by Sundowns to have an ineligible player participating in the match? Even if there was no submission from Celtic, Sundowns is guilty of misconduct. "In terms of Rule 54.1 any player who accumulates five cautions (yellow cards) in the same season is suspended for the match immediately following the one wherein he received the fourth caution. PSL issued the list of suspended players and Langerman was on that list." He said in terms of Rule 55.1.3, by being in breach of the NSL Handbook, specifically failing to comply with Rule 54.1, Sundowns are guilty of misconduct and the league DC will surely find them guilty. "There are no facts to dispute the guilt as the player's name is on the Team Sheet," he said. "As said before, any punitive measure will have nothing to do with the outcome of the match. Precedents show that Member Clubs escape with a monetary fine. "But what would've happened had Celtic lodged a complaint in compliance with the stipulated procedure and time frame? Sundowns could have elected to either keep the name on the Team Sheet or realise the error and remove the name. "Keeping the name, although in reality too far-fetched a scenario, would have meant we have a real protest which could result in the match either replayed or the result altered to give a win to the protesting team. Removing the name would have killed the story. "Whilst it seems like a good idea to 'trap' the other team into contravening the Rules, the Rules themselves prohibit that kind of behaviour. This is a gentleman's game. Show me my error, and if I refuse to correct it then I will be punished." Keeping the name, although in reality too far-fetched a scenario, would have meant we have a real protest which could result in the match either replayed or the result altered to give a win to the protesting team. Removing the name would have killed the story. https://t.co/1gMv08N0Qy  In conclusion, Sundowns remains the winners of the Nedbank Cup and there is no controversy around that fact. https://t.co/8ZBsGntpgZ  