GARETH BALE sent a desperate plea to Premier League clubs last night to end his Real Madrid hell. The former Tottenham star even accused the Spanish giants of stifling his career after blocking his big-money move to China last summer.Bale has been frozen out by Real boss Zinedine Zidane but will end a ten-week football exile when he leads Wales out in Thursday's Nations League clash in Finland. And the 31-year-old says he feels more appreciated with Ryan Giggs' men than the torment he is suffering at the Bernabeu - and would be open to a Prem return. Bale said: "It's one of those situations if those options arise it's something I would look at, for sure. We'll see what happens. "We have plenty of time in this transfer window and I guess a couple of others as well. Time will tell. "It's not really in my hands, the decision is in Real Madrid's hands. They make things very difficult to be honest. "Whatever goes on at Madrid doesn't really affect me. Everyone knows how passionate I am to play for Wales and how much I love coming away with Wales. "When I come here, I'm very happy, comfortable and feel welcomed. It's nice to be back at a place where you are a little bit more appreciated and supported by your fans no matter what. "I come here excited to play football and motivated to do well and get back to playing football where I belong." Bale, who cost Real £86million in 2013, has won four Champions League titles in Spain but played just 100 minutes of their previous 12 games since the lockdown. He also asked to be left out of the Spanish club’s Champions League last-16 tie at Manchester City last month because he knew he would not play. Bale's conduct has been questioned in Spain as he was spotted joking around in the stands as an unused substitute by making a binoculars gesture. However, Bale had fallen out of favour with Zidane pre-Covid-19 and Wales' talisman tried to quit last summer only for Real to call off the mega £1m-a-week (about R22 million) move to Chinese Super League club Jiangsu Suning at the 11th hour. Bale, on a whopping £650,000-a-week wages (about R15 million) at the Spanish giants, added: "I think the club needs to answer that question because I tried to leave last year. "They blocked everything at the last second. It was a project I was excited for last year but it didn't materialise. "There have been other instances where I have tried to go but the club won't allow it or they have done something. "It's for the club. What can I say? I want to play football. I'm still motivated to play football. I guess it's on the club. I can't do much. They are in control of everything. "I have a contract and all I can do is carry on with what I am doing and hopefully something comes up. It's in the club's hands." - THE SUN