NEW Kaizer Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt is determined to end the club’s five-year trophy drought. The former Bidvest Wits mentor was appointed the new Amakhosi coach last week, replacing Ernst Middendorp. Chiefs came close to ending their long trophy drought under Middendorp, losing out on winning the league by two points on the last day. Hunt has now been entrusted with turning the club’s fortunes around having been successful pretty much everywhere else he has been. "I'm very happy to be here and can't wait to get working. I'm very privileged and honoured to be here at Kaizer Chiefs, sometimes in football it's all about timing," said the four-time league-winning tactician. "Hopefully we can make it an enjoyable stay and win some trophies. If you look at the history of the football club from my time in 1981 as a player against them, to see where the club has grown. "For me, then it was the biggest football club in South Africa, from supporter-wise and trophy-wise. The last few years have been a bit barren, and hopefully we can turn that around." Hunt is aware of the challenges that will come with coaching one of the biggest clubs in the continent. Chiefs’ fans, who have been starved off success in recent years, are desperate for titles and will be expecting Hunt to deliver. "I understand the pressures of getting results, I mean I've been doing it for a long time,” added Hunt. “But obviously this is totally different from when we were always the ones playing against Chiefs and trying to quieten the supporters, now we have to liven up the supporters and it won't be easy.” Hunt’s predecessor, Middendorp, was often criticised for his brand of football which many described as “too direct.” While Hunt is aware that he will be judged on that as well, his primary concern is winning football matches. "We need to win, because winning is what breeds a little bit of confidence,” he added. “But we also need to play in a way that people enjoy. But winning has got to be certainly the first prize."