NAMIBIA national coach Bobby Samaria has no doubt that his international stars Deon Hotto and Peter Shalulile will continue to shine in the Premiership next season. Hotto (29) has joined Orlando Pirates from Bidvest Wits, who have sold their Premiership status to the Venda-based outfit Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). Shalulile has signed with 10 times PSL champions Mamelodi Sundowns from Highlands Park, who have also sold their status to TS Galaxy. The 27-year-old Shalulile ended this season as a joint leading goalscorer with Pirates striker Gabadinho Mhango on 16 goals. And next season Hotto and Mhango will be partners upfront to torment opposition defenders. “As a national team coach and a Namibian, we are proud of the two boys joining two big teams in South Africa,” said Samaria. “These boys have been doing well since they have been playing in South Africa. They accomplished this because of hard work and being dedicated to the game. “We as Namibians are not surprised by their accomplishments as we knew that they will achieve a lot in their football career.” He added: “I am sure the scouts of Sundowns and Pirates have followed the two players over a period of time. I have no doubt they will continue with their good form at their respective new teams.” The 50-year-old told SunSport that Hotto and Shalulile’s signing for Bucs and the Brazilians respectively have been a huge motivation to youngsters in Namibia. “Youngsters here at home (Namibia) want to work hard and follow in the footsteps of the two players and others who are playing in South Africa,” said Samaria. “Hotto and Shalulile’s achievement shows that Namibia is blessed with talent and they (Namibians) can make it in the PSL if given the opportunity. I am sure many PSL teams will come to look for talent in our country.” Samaria also told SunSport that he will use the duo to motivate local players to work hard. But Samaria has also warned the duo to remain humble and not to rest on their laurels and think they have made it.