SAFA Head of Referees, Abdul Ebrahim has clarified the Chippa United ‘"goal’’ incident against Kaizer Chiefs that has set tongues wagging. Chiefs defeated The Chilli Boys 1-0 at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday night, thanks to Khama Billiat solitary strike. On the 79 minute of the game, Chippa managed to find the back of the net to level the matters through Boikanyo Komane, but their goal was disallowed. And that got fans giving all sorts of interpretations but Safa head of referees Abdul Ebrahim has clarified the incident saying referee Jerry Chavani was 100 percent correct in disallowing the goal. "The referee was 100% correct to award a free kick against Moyo as his action was not to challenge for the ball but to challenge the player off the ball," said Ebrahim. "Yes, match officials make mistakes but in this particular incident, the referee was 100 percent correct.’’ Ebrahim said before Chiefs goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune collided with his teammate, the Chiefs defender had been impeded by Chippa’s Kevin Moyo. He says when Khune came out to challenge for the aerial ball, a Chippa player (Moyo) pushed the Chiefs defender onto the path of the onrushing Khune, resulting in the goalkeeper losing his balance. This allowed Chippa’s Boikanyo Komane to head the ball into an empty net unchallenged. Ebrahim explained the incident: "The Chippa United player, Kevin Moyo, places himself in a position to challenge for the aerial ball. "He does not jump up, but instead, impedes the Kaizer Chiefs defender from contesting for the ball in the air. He uses his body to push the opposition defender onto the path of his own goalkeeper."At the same time, the Chiefs goalkeeper, Khune, comes out to challenge for the ball but collides with his own teammate who had in turn been impeded by Moyo.‘’The referee, Chavani clearly saw the incident and blew for a foul, as Komane, a team mate of Moyo, heads the ball into the net. And the referee sounded the whistle before the ball crossed the line." Chiefs remain at the top of the Absa Premiership table with 56 points same as Mamelodi Sundowns who are occupying the second spot going to the last matches of the 2019-20 season.