BIDVEST Wits coach Gavin Hunt has done his best to keep his side well motivated in what is their final season of existence. But as the season draws to a close, the 56-year-old will have to dig deeper to encourage his charges to finish the season strong. Wits, who have been decent inside the “bio-bubble”, tasted their first defeat since the resumption of the league when they were beaten 1-0 by Black Leopards on Wednesday. This was a huge setback in their hopes to leave the club in the top three, and having qualified for the Caf Confederation Cup. All is not lost in that regard, however, as Wits still have an opportunity to finish in the top three, provided they win their last match and SuperSport United as well as Orlando Pirates drop points. The Clever Boys are equal on 49 points with fourth-placed Pirates, while SuperSport are a point ahead in third place heading into the final round of fixtures on Saturday. Hunt believes that his side have no room for error in their last match against GladAfrica Championship-bound Polokwane City at the FNB Stadium Saturday 3.30pm). “Of course, we feel disappointed and upset that we lost the last match because I thought we could have won,” said Hunt. “Now we really have to go out there and win on Saturday (tomorrow) to get ourselves in the top three, you know. “I think we can do that but unfortunately, it is out of our hands now. “We have to hope other results go our way. “We could have made it really safe against Leopards but it is what it is. We have to win our game.” Hunt has bemoaned the unavailability of some of his trusted soldiers such as captain Thulani Hlatshwayo, who was suspended against Leopards. He was also without injured trio Thabang Monare, Solly Khuntedi and Brandon Peterson. Hunt has had to throw in a lot of youngsters such as Rowan Human, Lisakhanya Mlonyeni, Keenan Phillips and Mpho Mathebula. “We are obviously missing seven to eight key players in our team, but we have given the youngsters a chance,” added Hunt. “They will learn.We have played a lot of games and we don’t have our full team here.”