A dejected Kaizer Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp could not hide his disappointment after losing the Absa Premiership title to Mamelodi Sundowns on the final day of the 2019/20 season. "Ending up with the possibilities in our own hands... being second after 28 match-days in first position... is disappointing," Middendorp told SuperSport TV after Amakhosi were held to a 1-1 draw by Baroka FC at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday. "Congratulations to Mamelodi Sundowns and Pitso Mosimane, they won it good. Basically, in the moment, this is what I can say." The Glamour Boys were one win away from claiming bragging rights but failed to overcome a plucky Baroka as Sundowns eased to a 3-0 win over Black Leopards at Dobsonsville Stadium. It was Sundowns' 10th Absa Premiership crown, and 13th league success overall. Middendorp said Baroka came out firing in second half as the Limpopo side needed only a point to stay in the top flight. "I think strategically, absolutely, we had total dominance in the first half with the wide players and we had a very clear discussion at half-time, just push forward, look for the second goal," Middendorp continued. "Interestingly, all of a sudden, they snuck back... fouls after fouls around the box... and then it was 1-1. Then it gets difficult to play a team like Baroka. "It is obviously [a] disappointment... we had a terrible finish [to the] season with losing the Cup. In the end we didn't achieve what we wanted. In this moment we have to accept it." Middendorp inked a two-and-a-half-year deal with Chiefs in December 2018, but recent reports have linked Gavin Hunt and Benni McCarthy to take over. The German was coy when was asked about his future. "It's not my decision, other people will decide. In this moment, we have to recognise that we are not winning games with a DNA of a big club," said the coach. "You have to earn it, you have to push yourself at every second and every minute and that's the reality of professional soccer. In the end, we had some games where I felt we could have done better. He concluded: "We're all disappointed. Not only the technical team, the players, the supporters... we were hoping to achieve being the champions. It's a disappointment." SOURCE: SPORT24