 IT WAS a protest like no other. No fireworks, no violence, no dancing, but deadly serious. WITH UNDERTAKERS IN COFFINS, FAKING DEATH, BEING CARRIED TO MOCK FUNERALS! Yesterday hundreds of undertakers took to the streets on the third and final day of the national shutdown. Chanting, they made their way to the Cape Town’s Home Affairs office to hand over their memorandum of demands. Images and videos of undertakers lying inside the coffins have since been circulating on social media. Patrick “Sibewu” Lunguza of the Unification Task Team in the Western Cape, said undertakers were only demonstrating their pain, and warning that if their demands were not met within seven days, they will strike again. “We used coffins to express how we feel because we work with coffins,” he said. “All we want is a better life for all undertakers.” He said the protest was planned for Tuesday, but it was delayed because they were still in talks with other undertakers. The list of demands handed over to the Home Affairs include undertakers to be allowed to do death registration at any Home Affairs despite their designation numbers being old. They are further calling for the Home Affairs to have separate queues for undertakers to speed up the process. Lunguza said people on the ground also needed to be educated whenever regulations were amended because the staff often don’t know the laws. Other departments include the Department of Small Business Development and Road Accident Fund, as well as the Department of Health, among others. Lunguza said the tender system of the health department prioritised some companies over others. He dismissed allegations by the Funeral Industry Reformed Association that they were hooligans who were violating the law. City of Cape Town Traffic Services spokesman, Richard Coleman, said the protest did not disrupt traffic as it happened for a short period and outside of peak hour. Meanwhile, in Durban, KZN, it was reported that a group of undertakers also took to the streets. In Gauteng, the Department of Health has assured residents of the province that the national shutdown will not affect funerals or bodies in mortuaries. This comes after reports that the department was feeling the strain following the strike. Yesterday, Gauteng acting Health MEC Jacob Mamabolo said the Provincial Emergency Management Services was currently the central coordination point working with other departments for the collection of bodies. “The Department’s Forensic Pathology Services have been directed to work with Gauteng EMS to assist with the collection of bodies of people who die at home,” said Mamabolo in a statement. “We are satisfied by the way Chris Hani Baragwanath is managing bodies during this period.” He said the department has also enlisted the help of the SANDF to assist at facilities during the strike and afterwards, to ensure that bodies were handed over to families as quickly as possible. Members of the public are urged to contact EMS for assistance in collecting bodies of family members. 