STELLENBOSCH FC are planning to have talks with Mamelodi Sundowns this week regarding the keeping of Nyiko Mobbie. The defender was on loan with the Western Cape-based club this season. Stellies coach, Steve Barker, said they are interested in either another loan or permanent move for the former Free State Stars full-back ahead of the new season. The club have made Mobbie one of their top priorities before the transfer window opens, as they want to keep him following the great season he had with them. Mobbie was signed by Sundowns from Ea Lla Koto at the beginning of this season after the Bethlehem-based side was relegated to the GladAfrica Championship last term. But when Sundowns started their pre-season training in Mpumalanga, Mobbie was not part of the team. It was clear that they had no immediate plans for him as the right back position is currently filled by Anele Ngcongca and Nico Lukhubeni. “We’ll sit down with Mobbie w and plan for the way forward,” said Barker. “He’ll be part of our discussions and we’ll engage Sundowns regarding that.” Barker also confirmed that they will be on the lookout for replacements for Nkanyiso Zungu (who left the club in January to join Orlando Pirates) and Iqraam Rayners, who left in July to join SuperSport United. Despite Stellies having the right to insist Rayners remains with them until the season was completed, the club decided against it. Barker kept faith in Lelethu Skelem and young Ashley du Preez, who led the line during the restart of the season in the bio-bubble in Gauteng where Stellies won two, drew three and lost one. The team, participating in the PSL for the first time, finished 10th with 36 points. Stellies signed Zambia 2012 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) winner Nathan Sinkala, Granwald Scott, Ally Msengi, Ovidy Karuru and Asavela Mbekile in the January transfer window. “I thought we did a good business in January,” said Barker. The Stellies coach added he was planning to beef up his squad ahead of the new season, but declined to give any clues as to who he planned to sign for their second season in the top flight. “We are close to finalising our new signings. “They are players I believe will take the league by storm next year.”