WITH many videos showing angry supporters tearing their team replica jerseys, this family say they’ll die supporting losing team, Kaizer Chiefs. Despite the team’s failure to lift any trophy in any competition in the past five years, the couple from the small town of Soutpan in the Free State say they won’t dump Kaizer Chiefs. Daily Sun published the story, headlined “Love of Kaizer Chiefs a family affair”, in January after Christmas Swart (38) and his partner Thandeka Skwetile from Palestina in Ikgomotseng painted their three-roomed shack with a Kaizer Chiefs logo. The couple say they were sad after losing the title on the last game of the season. The solution would be to let go of older players Itumeleng Khune, Willard Katsande and Bernard Parker and allow Kearyn Baccus and Siphelele Ntshangase to play. They say they’re a laughing stock ekasi, but that won’t make them give up on the team. Christmas said: “I was watching a game of Kaizer Chiefs and Baroka with my wife and we’d hoped to lift the trophy. “We got happy and excited after we scored a first goal. But after 90 minutes all the happiness vanished. The coach should go because this is the second time he’s failed us. “He doesn’t have any Chiefs’ luck and has brought sadness in the family. I knew it wasn’t going be easy with Baroka. Management should fix their problem and get their things in order. Had the fans been at the stadium, I think it would have been a disaster.” The family said the Chiefs they know are the ones that came back during Bloemfontein Celtic’s 5-3 victory. “The Amakhosi we know are also agaisnt Polokwane City, where we came back and won 3-2. Katsande, Khune and Parker are old. They won’t be able to catch up with the fast-paced younger players,” said Christmas. His wife Thandeka (31) said Amakhosi slowed their pace down after Baroka equalised. “We’re now a laughing stock ekasi because everyone knows we love this team. We’ve painted our shack with the logo. But we have to move on and accept the defeat after being on top of the log for over a year. “We’ll never burn or tear our jerseys like we’ve seen other angry supporters. We’ll die supporting Kaizer Chiefs. There’s always a next time in life and I want to comfort all the Love and Peace fans,” said Thandeka.