PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has praised the media for the role it played in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, both in informing the public as well as exposing the procurement scandals. Ramaphosa entirely dedicated his weekly newsletter to the media on Monday, saying despite being severely being hit by the pandemic like any sector, the media continued to play its part with aplomb. He said this was regardless of some media houses reducing salaries of journalists while others were forced to close shop because of financial constraints. “We owe a debt of gratitude to South Africa’s hardworking and tenacious journalists. They have kept our people informed by disseminating key health messages about social distancing and hygiene. They have done so under extremely trying conditions, often with limited resources. “They have told the stories of the effects of lockdown on the lives of people and their businesses. They have been out in the villages, towns and cities, bringing stories of ordinary people and drawing national attention to problems being experienced in hospitals and clinics, prompting government action,” Ramaphosa wrote. He added that as the country battled the invisible enemy and to save lives, journalists played no small part in this. It was the media who exposed irregularities in the procurement of services and goods that would not have been known. He said the media played its watchdog role by uncovering corruption and maladministration. This sparked national debates and led to high profile investigations and in tune earned the media the trust of the people. Ramaphosa’s spokeswoman Khusela Diko had to take leave of absence after reports emerged that her husband was irregularly awarded a multi-million tender to procure personal protective equipment in Gauteng. Ramaphosa said a free press was not a means in itself, but was a means by which democracy was secure and upheld “During this pandemic, our media has played not just its traditional watchdog role, but exercised its civic duty in supporting the national effort to contain the coronavirus,” he wrote. He said it was therefore given the importance of the media, concerning that the industry like others was hard hit by the pandemic. “Some publications lost as much as 60% of their income in the early days of lockdown. A number of companies have had to implement salary cuts, reduce staff numbers or reduce hours worked. Regrettably, some publications have even been forced to close, among them some of South Africa’s most established and well-known magazine titles,” he said. The president committed his administration to continue spending on advertising in print and broadcasting, especially in community publications. He said job losses in the media caused by lockdown has exacerbated a crisis for the industry, as companies were already facing challenges due to falling advertising revenue and circulation due to digital emergence. “We need more journalists, not less. That’s why the loss of even a single journalist is not just a loss to the industry, but to the country. “We need our media veterans, who bring with them vast experience and institutional memory, and are able to offer critical reportage and informed analysis. At the same time we need more young journalists in the profession zee who are tech-savvy, abreast with new trends in storytelling and in touch with the concerns of a youthful population,” he said.