BIDVEST Wits director George Mogotsi is sad that his beloved club has ceased to exist after 99 years of existence. Mogotsi was the Clever Boys encyclopaedia having joined the Milpark based side at the age of 25 in 1984. The 60-year old held almost every job at the club from driver, administrator, gatekeeper, security officer and cashier. Now that the club is no more, Mogotsi told the South African Football Journalists Association (SAFJA) that he doesn’t know how he will be able to feed his family since he depended on the club’s salary for 37 years. Wits were sold to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila boss Masala Mulaudzi who relocated the club to Venda ahead of the new PSL season. Said Mogotsi: “When I woke up I never thought my beautiful team can go like that. To me, this was the biggest marriage ever. I thought I would walk (from the club) with my head held high, but now I am walking with my head down in disappointment.” Mogotsi stressed that he has endured a tough time since the club’s sale was confirmed by the board. “It has been hard since we were called into a meeting by the board with Jonathan (Schloss, COO) and Gavin (Hunt, coach). They just told us (the club was sold) and there was nothing we can do. But for me it all started in mid April and May, every day I read about it on social media that Wits will be sold. It’s tough, I can be angry but I can’t change the decision. I was disappointed and I spoke to Jonathan, as a brother he said ‘Georgie if the chairman said it just accept.’ Mogotsi says Mulaudzi never bothered to enquire about his services. “If the owner wanted to speak to me, he could have done that long ago. He said he doesn’t need anybody (office staff). If he wanted to speak, I am available.” Mogotsi lashed out at millionaires who dangle big carrots to influence owners to sell their clubs instead of building their own team from the grassroots. “I am disappointed by those who have money, they think they can just buy anything. Why don’t they start (foundation) with the Under-9’s, then gradually gain promotion? They should dig deep like Prof (Professor Ronnie Schloss, former Wits boss). If you have millions don’t buy profile, make it and earn it.” Despite the setback, Mogotsi has never ruled out a return to the game he loves most. “I was married in football, I have a house due to football. If anything comes up I will take it.”  