MOVE The Nation founder Kabelo Mabalane says at first he doubted himself that he’ll complete the 600 kilometres from Johannesburg to Durban. The singer along with his partner Peteni Khuzwayo started the gruelling organisation last year called #HopeWithEveryStep campaign. The duo are now 100 kilometres away to arrive in Durban after 16 days on the road. Along the way, Mabalane and Khuzwayo have seen many private companies come on board to their feeding scheme. Since they started to run 16 days ago, they have raised close to R2milion with their ultimate goal being R6million. Companies such as Old Mutual, Isuzu, Hollywood Bets, C16 Running Crew, Little Ashford, Areshumeng Holdings and Ferguson Films. Today Kellogg’s donated R265 000 to the cause. These funds will help provide daily meals to 10 000 children for a year. With things coming together now and 100 kilos left which is equal to the annual Comrades Marathon, the whole thing sounds so surreal to the Kwaito star. “The first day and second day, it was hot,” said Mabalane at the Nelson Mandela Capture Site outside Howick in KwaZulu-Natal. However, there was no way to go back as they were provided with everything they need. The duo has their own physicians to look after them in this gruelling trek. In these 16 days on the road, Mabalane and Khuzwayo run 4 hours a day and afterwards they go straight and sleep. The Dubula Dubula hitmaker continued: “You start to doubt yourself and you like ‘this is crazy. What are we doing I don’t think we’ll able to complete it’. “But the focus and showing up every day in the morning I told myself that I need to reach Durban. Before we started, we agreed that we needed to approach this thing totally different because we are not built the same way, he runs differently, he can be ahead of me and I can be ahead of him.” In tomorrow's completion cause which is Point Road in South Beach, Mabalale and Khuzwayo will be joined by Comrades Marathon multiple winner Bongumusa Mthembu and actor Thapelo Mokoena.