PROPHET Shepherd Bushiri’s application to gag Prophet Paseka “Mboro” Motsoeneng and be paid R1 million in damages was struck off the roll with costs. Judgment was made in the North Gauteng High Court on Wednesday. Bushiri made an urgent application as he wanted Mboro to be ordered to remove and delete any defamatory statements, claims and audiovisuals from electronic media. He requested that Mboro pay him R1 million for allegedly damaging his dignity. Representing Bushiri, Advocate Dali Mpofu told the court things said by Mboro were still harmful as he and his supporters refused to delete the content on various social media sites. The battle between the two men of God came after members of Bushiri’s Enlightened Christian Gathering, the Sibekos, asked Mboro for help after they alleged Bushiri defrauded them. “In court papers, Bushiri denied the fraud allegations against him and provided proof that payments had been made to the Sibekos. The Sibekos later admitted receiving money, but claim it was not a repayment, but a “gratuity payment” of their savings. Mpofu told the court Bushiri took it upon himself to pay back those who’d invested when he realised something was wrong. He argued Mboro didn’t deserve the court’s sympathy and shouldn’t be allowed to continue with the lies against his client. Bushiri initially sought the same relief against Daily Sun. Daily Sun’s Attorney, Andrew Boerner, said Bushiri agreed to withdraw the application against Daily Sun. “We will argue about legal costs on another day.” Addressing his followers after the judgment, Mboro said the battle wasn’t between him and Bushiri but between ECG members and their prophet. He was happy with the judgment and would continue to help those who approached him. Mboro’s lawyer, Sibanda Bukhosi, said although he won, the battle was far from over. Bushiri’s lawyer, Terrence Baloyi, said they will continue fighting to make Mboro stop talking about his client. “We wanted the matter to be urgent yesterday, but we will take the route the court wants us to take to make him stop,” he said.