ACTION SA has vowed to fight its rejection by the IEC to register as a political party to the bitter end. The party announced this morning the commission informed it yesterday its application to register to contest elections has been turned down due to similarities with another political party and the use of the country flag on its logo. National chairwoman Lerato M-Ngobeni said the decision was senseless. “We have already written to the IEC, initiating our right to appeal its decision as a result of its incorrect applications of the law.” She identified the Party of Action, that has never contested elections as the one the commission said had similarities with them. “POA changed their name on social media platforms the day after the launch of Action SA to Party of Action SA – seemingly to make their case for similarity. We note no such exercise in IEC authority was demonstrated when the African Independent Congress was allowed to register, despite its far greater similarities to the ANC, as well as many other cases we will include in our appeal.” M-Ngobeni argued similarities were a natural consequence and wouldn’t lead to voters not distinguishing between the two parties. “The IEC’s decision in this matter is regrettable, and inconsistent.” On the issue of using the flag, M-Ngobeni argued the IEC was a Chapter 9 institution and had no legal authority to decline an application outside the Electoral Commission Act of 1996. It could only decline an application to register as a political party if similarities would confuse voters or if the party applying was causing violence through hate speech. M-Ngobeni said by raising the flag issue in its decision, the IEC has applied legislation to Action SA never applied to any political party that took inspiration from the flag and this was a clear case of it acting beyond its legal mandate. “Action SA has instructed its legal teams to file an appeal and, if necessary, proceed to court to defend its legitimate registration. We are disappointed by the position of the IEC, and trust it will come around to make the correct decision in the appeal process without this matter having to proceed to court.”