PEDI traditional singer Patrick Rakgabale has been in the music industry for years and what has always kept him going is the promotion of his mother tongue. The 42-year-old, who is better known as Tau Sebata, is from Ga-Sekgopo in Limpopo. He recently released a new music video titled Mathotse. Speaking to Daily Sun, he said the song was about the traditional Pedi attire called mathotse. He said despite having encountered challenges due to Covid-19, the project ended up being one of his best ever. “All went well and I’m happy I managed to complete this project in peace,” he said. Tau said Pedi traditional dancing ran in his veins and he wanted to keep it going. “This music plays a crucial role in our lives because it takes us closer to our ancestors,” he said. Tau said the music video was shot in Diepsloot, north of Joburg. “I am happy with the project, although we had to use a single venue due to Covid-19 restrictions,” he said. Tau said he enjoyed singing in his mother tongue and it played an important role in his life. “This is the music we inherited from our forefathers and it is very important that we take it further,” he said. “I value my mother tongue and I will continue working hard to ensure I preserve our music for the coming generations,” he told the People’s Paper. “This is because I feel like our music has faded and it’s up to artists like myself to revive our cultural music.” Tau believes that music is an important tool to promote Pedi heritage and history. He said it worried him that the youth were not interested in traditional music. “We have a long way to go as some of us are undermining our own cultures.” Tau said he enjoyed every moment he spent on his projects because they came from his heart. He said he had started a traditional group called Dibata Tsa Kiba Cultural Ensembles. “My aim is to bring together the youth and teach them our Pedi music,” he said. Tau said he was inspired by the late Peta Teanet and Manoka Semenya to follow in their footsteps.