THE Biological Safe Environment (BSE), which was used to complete the 2019-20 Absa Premiership campaign following the Covid-19 lockdown interruption, saw some promising youngsters come through with a number of impressive performances. When it was announced that the league will resume last month, most Premiership clubs promoted young players to boost their squads. About 30 players were promoted, some did not get much game time. But those who were given a chance, made no mistakes showcasing their talent. SunSport looks at THE TOP FIVE young players who impressed in the PSL bio-bubble camp last month. ROWAN HUMAN (BIDVEST WITS) Arguably, the emergence of Human has to be one of the success stories out of the PSL bio-bubble camp. The 19-year-old was promoted to the first team by head coach Gavin Hunt during a MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) season in which he scored 14 goals in leading Dillon Sheppard’s team to top the standings. The versatile Human scored his first goal in the PSL against AmaZulu, where his side won 2-1. “He’s the best player in South Africa at his age,” Wits coach Hunt once said about the player. PROMISE MKHUMA (MAMELODI SUNDOWNS) The highly-rated 20-year-old winger made his debut when Sundowns drew 1-1 against Highlands Park. Mkhuma replaced Themba Zwane in the 60th minute of the game. He is the product of the club’s academy and with his promising displays, undoubtedly, he is likely to follow in the footsteps of the likes of Keletso Makgalwa, Sphelele Mkhulise and Nicolaus Lukhubeni, who came from the Diski Challenge team to reach the top. The SA Under-20 international won his league first title and said it feels great to be a champion. “It is a great feeling, he said. THUSO MOGALE (BAROKA FC) The Grade 12 pupil at SJ Van der Merwe High School in Lebowakgomo was the youngest player in the Baroka team that survived relegation. Coach Dylan Kerr said he has been impressed by the young Mogale. And that means we will see more of him next season, as he also showed that he is capable and could become the next big thing if he remains in the right frame of mind. TIKLAS THUTLWA (BLACK LEOPARDS) Thutlwa is one of the most unfortunate youngsters of them all. He played 296 minutes in the bio-bubble camp and helped his side claimed crucial points when he scored the winning goals when they beat Maritzburg United 3-2 last month. However, that was not enough as his side finished in 15th position and will now play in the promotion/relegation play-offs. JAYDEN ADAMS (STELLENBOSCH FC) The creative midfielder became Stellies’ maiden academy product to pen a professional deal with the senior team before the resumption of football. Adams may not have got enough game time in the bubble, but there’ no doubt that he is one of the players who did exceptionally well in the Diski Challenge. On Sunday, he won MDC Player of the Year at the club’s awards.