MAMELODI Sundowns have issued an apology regarding the Tebogo Lnagerman issue that overshadowed their Nedbank Cup triumph. The Brazilians named the veteran wing-back in their matchday squad against Phunya Sele Sele despite being suspended for the final. Langerman was supposed to miss the match through suspension having accumulating four yellow cards. However, the Tshwane giants could not pick that up and named Langerman in the squad who was was an unused substitute. Celtic took Sundowns to the PSL Disciplinary Committee with the matter reaching SAFA arbitration. Sundowns have now apologised for the error with club President Patrice Motsepe calling the error "unacceptable." “I would like to apologise to all the supporters and members of the Mamelodi Sundowns Family, as well as the organisations that are involved in football and all the people who love and follow football in South Africa and on the rest of the African Continent for Tebogo Langerman being listed as a substitute during the recent Nedbank Cup final, contrary to the rules of the PSL and SAFA," said Motsepe in a statement. "In my capacity as President of Mamelodi Sundowns I am responsible and accountable for everything that happens at Mamelodi Sundowns; whether I knew or did not know or was not aware or involved in the matter." Motsepe went on to promise that action will be taken for those responsible for this "gross negligence." "Our preliminary investigation indicates that the Management and Technical Team were grossly negligent and this behaviour and conduct is totally unacceptable and will not be tolerated," added Motsepe. "A formal disciplinary hearing will be held as soon as possible and the appropriate action, including dismissal where the circumstances legally justify, will be implemented."We are a caring, loving and forgiving organisation but we also have a duty to protect the reputation, integrity and good name of Mamelodi Sundowns. We have to make sure that this kind of grossly negligent and reckless behaviour does not happen again.” 