KAIZER Chiefs have announced that they have parted ways with coach Ernst Middendorp. The German born mentor joined Amakhosi on 7 December 2018. He had a year on his contract remaining but the club confirmed on Wednesday afternoon that he will not see out the remaining year on his contract. In 60 games in charge of the club on his second stint, the 61-year-old managed to win 31 matches, drew 12 times and lost 17 games of all competitions. He failed to win the 2019-20 Absa Premiership title despite leading for 29 rounds as they lost it on the last day of the season to Mamelodi Sundowns who were winning it for a record of 10th time. "We deliberated and considered many aspects related to the team, including our way of playing, our performance and results before coming to a decision," club chairman Kaizer Motaung said. “We truly believed and hoped that our 50th anniversary year would be better, and it indeed looked promising. The decision taken is part of a strategy to have the team win trophies again and to make our supporters happy because they deserve better.” “After giving the coach and the technical team the ammunition required to compete in the new season,” Motaung added. "There were some improvements, and this was evident during the first seven months of this 2019/2020 season. “However, when the league restarted post-lockdown, things changed, and we looked a totally different side in our last eight league matches. "We witnessed some heart-stopping performances and we were overtaken on the log in the last game of the season, which truly broke our hearts. "We have to take responsibility – we can’t wait and allow this situation to continue.” “We wish him all the best for the future.” Chifs players have been given time off after a grueling completion of the season and will return before the end of September to start preparing for the 202-21 season.“We will announce the new coach before the team returns for pre-season training,” Motaung concludes. Breaking News!After reviews conducted by Kaizer Chiefs Chairman Kaizer Motaung and the club’s management, Amakhosi have decided to part ways with coach Ernst Middendorp with immediate effect.More info: https://t.co/sRm2btaIq5#Amakhosi4Life pic.twitter.com/244o67kl7W 