WITNESSING Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns racing neck and neck for the Absa Premiership title has reminded former Orlando Pirates striker James Mothibi of a similar situation in the 2004-05 season. Pirates had dominated the campaign, but lost it in the last game of the season to Amakhosi. In the final match Ted Dumitru’s Chiefs beat Bloemfontein Celtic 2-0 while Kosta Papic’s Pirates side drew 1-1 against Bush Bucks. READ: MAPS MAPONYANE ARRESTED! Chiefs won the title with 62 points while Pirates ended with 60. It was a painful end for Bucs who notched a club record of 17 league games unbeaten. Mothibi wants revenge and to see Chiefs suffer like his Pirates side did 15 years ago, and  wants Sundowns to win the championship. Both Chiefs and Downs are level pegging with 53 points but Amakhosi have a +21 goal difference against Downs +18 goal difference. In the  2004-05 season Chiefs also had a superior goal difference of +5 over Pirates going into the final fixture with both teams locked on 59 points. “We saw it was possible to score five goals and the Joburg Stadium was packed to the rafters (when we played Bush Bucks) but the referee on that day disallowed two of our goals,” recalled Mothibi. “When Chiefs scored, we had to score six. With 20 minutes to go, I knew it was impossible to score six goals. We were so heartbroken.” Chiefs who beat Chippa United 1-0 on Wednesday, will conclude their season against relegation threatened Baroka at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday. The Brazilians, who beat Polokwane City 3-0 also on Wednesday, will conclude their programme against another relegation threatened side Black Leopards. ALSO READ: DLADLA MSHUNQISI: WHY I RAN FROM COPS! The final games of the season will all be played at the same time on Saturday  (3.30pm) to avoid any team gaining an advantage. “It’s going to be very tough for Sundowns against Leopards,” revealed Mothibi. “Chiefs against Baroka is also going to provide fireworks. But Sundowns can take the pressure because of their Africa experience. Sundowns are used to playing against the likes of (Egyptian giants) Al Ahly (in the Champions League), and against so many supporters and still win. With that said, they’ll win their game but Chiefs have it in their hands because of their superior goal difference.” The race for the Lesley Manyathela Golden Boot will also go down to the wire as Bradley Grobler (SuperSport United), Peter Shalulile (Highlands Park and Gabadinho Mhango(Pirates) are all tied on 15 league goals. 