THIS year the mountains have been off-limits for initiates because of the coronavirus. While President Cyril Ramaphosa placed the country on alert level 1, nightclubs and initiation schools remain closed. While some parents support the government’s ongoing ban, many have expressed disappointment and the Congress of Traditional Leaders of South Africa has criticised government, saying it was never consulted. Piet Matloa (65) from Tembisa in Ekurhuleni and a father of eight children told Daily Sun he wanted to take his 12-year-old son for initiation. “In our culture we send boys to initiation schools at a very early age to prepare them for adulthood,” he said. “I’m totally against initiation schools remaining closed.” He said circumcision in hospitals didn’t teach boys anything about the morals of becoming a man.  “Government should consider initiation schools a very important part of our culture and tradition. Our boys will not be regarded as men if they don’t go through initiation,” said Piet. Motlalepula Mongale (52) from Durban Deep near Roodepoort said initiation schools should be treated like a business. “Initiation schools are also rendering a service. Government should have imposed stricter Covid-19 safety measures, but allow the schools to open, so people could make a living,” said Motlalepula. Shandukani Tshipuke (44) from Soweto is one of the parents who back government. “I will not take my son to an initiation school. The coronavirus is real,” he said. Mavis Cekeza (58) from Matholeville near Roodepoort said they have decided they won’t send their 19-year-old son to initiation until the virus is over. “I fully support government’s decision. This is not to punish us. It is to keep our children safe,” said Mavis. Vincent Monkge (44) from Meadowlands in Soweto said: “Even after coronavirus, government should keep initiation schools closed until they are regulated. “We have seen many deaths at initiation schools long before the virus and there has never been proper accountability. We can’t take that risk now.”