IT’S hard to be born with a disability, and even worse to become disabled when you’re a grown-up. Sandiswa Dlelane (34) from Browns Farm block 6 suffered from diabetes and ended up in a wheelchair two years ago. She used to be a braaied meat hawker, but after an operation caused by sugar diabetes she became disabled and has been on a wheelchair since 2018. But she looks after herself. She bakes and sells amagwinya ekasi. The business supplements her disability grant. “I get a disability grant, but it’s not enough to cater for me considering I have to hire transport to go to the clinic every month,” she said. “I decided to continue with the business I was in before I was disabled.” Sandiswa used to look after herself and still wants to. “I used to work in the streets and made money every day. It’s difficult to wait for government money at the end of the month,” she said. Sandiswa said it was difficult to accept being disabled. “Worse still, I had to sit inside the house doing nothing, and that made me depressed. “In 2018 and last year I was in and out of hospital because of depression. “I was stressed because of sitting on a wheelchair. I decided to get back to selling and it makes me feel better.” She started the baking business in October last year and since then hasn’t been depressed. “I feel better when I bake and interact with clients. I don’t have to sit at home and be hopeless while doing nothing. This business gives me reason to live,” she said. Besides using the money to hire a taxi to hospital, the childless Sandiswa helps her sisters’ children when they need her help. Her advice to people living with disability? They should open up to others in the same situation. “I also attend meetings of people with disabilities at the Philippi library, where we talk about our challenges. “Such sessions helped me to accept my situation and today I’m in a better position.” Her amagwinya cost between R1 to R15, depending on whether a client wants some additional toppings such as vienna and veggies.