MAMELODI Sundowns coach, Pitso Mosimane, said he was not aware that Tebogo Langerman was suspended for the Nedbank Cup final against Bloemfontein Celtic at Orlando Stadium on Saturday. But the Brazilians, who lifted Ke Yona Cup with a 1-0 win, thanks to a Gaston Sirino’s solitary goal to record a treble triumph, could be in hot water from the PSL. SunSport understands that PSL prosecutor, Nande Becker, has requested the match report from match commissioner Nemagovhali Lufuno today. But Becker added that it is surprising that Sundowns made such a mistake as all clubs get the suspension list from the league prior to games. “To say that they don’t know (Langerman was suspended), I’m not so sure about that one,” said Becker. “If the player was suspended and took part, they’ll be charged. Sundowns aren’t special. They are just like any other club – and all the clubs are charged by the same rules. I’ll deal with it, it is as simple as that.” The Brazilians were criticised yesterday that they were naive and ignorant by including the suspended Langerman in their squad. Langerman was on the bench for the final but did not play. He picked up his fourth booking in Sundowns’ previous league match against Black Leopards last Saturday. Last Thursday, the PSL confirmed that Langerman was suspended for the Ke Yona Cup final. “I was not aware that he (Langerman) was suspended. I’ll ask the club,” said Mosimane post the match, but didn’t look pleased afterwards despite winning what was a historic treble for Downs. Mosimane led the club to victory in the Telkom Knockout and Absa Premiership this season. Instead, Mosimane brought up an incident that occurred when the two sides met in the Telkom Knockout final in Durban in 2012, where Celtic won with a controversial goal scored by Joel Mogorosi. “You know my opinion about football. You must win on the pitch,” said the outspoken Mosimane. “You know how football is. I’m sure you know how Bloemfontein won the TKO in 2012 with the ball that didn’t cross the (goal) line. Who talks about it now? They talk about Bloemfontein Celtic being the TKO champions. I don’t do admin at the club, I focus on coaching the team.” Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco didn’t want to be drawn on the matter and said the club lost the game on Saturday. “We’ll announce the direction in which we will take, and I can’t say when that will be,” added Konco. SunSport understands that Celtic did not lodge a protest which was supposed to be done 30 minutes before the start of the match, but instead submitted a complaint after the game, which is no longer considered a protest. That means Sundowns could get a substantial fine if found guilty of fielding the suspended Langerman in their squad for the final, but the trophy will not be forfeited.