HAVING relied heavily on youth this past Absa Premiership season, SuperSport United coach Kaitano Tembo says this augurs well for them next season. Tembo said the future looks good for the club and this season’s experience gained by his youngsters will put them in good stead for next season. Tembo’s future will also be decided soon as his two-year contract expired at the end of the season. But club boss Stan Matthews is a big admirer of the Zimbabwean coach. SuperSport dug deep into their well-structured academy. They relied heavily on talents such as Teboho Mokoena (23), Sipho Mbule (22) and Luke Fleurs (20). Ghampani Lungu (21), signed from Power Dynamos in August 2018 and Jamie Webber (22), signed from Stellenbosch FC in the second half of the 2017-18 season, also featured regularly. The club also gave debuts to Oswin Appollis (19) and Gape Moralo (20). Tembo said it was important not to field all the youngsters at once, as the step from the MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) to the Premiership is a huge one. “It is important to prepare the young players for the big league, and you shouldn’t make a mistake when you don’t have players and you throw them in there,” said Tembo. “You’ve got to prepare them gradually. That is what we have been doing with Oswin and Moralo.” Tembo said the duo, despite having played in the Premiership, still have another season to play in the MDC, although they will train with the first team. “We are bringing them up to test them, to show them that this is what they can achieve and test them in terms of their mentality, tactical awareness and strength.” SuperSport finished fifth this season with 50 points and won the MTN8 trophy. Tembo also gave credit to the more experienced players: “It was important to have players like Clayton Daniels, Ronwen Williams, Thami Gabuza, Onismor Bhasera, Bongani Khumalo and Bradley Grobler, to guide these youngsters.” The club could lose Aubrey Modiba, who has been linked with champions Mamelodi Sundowns.