AS Mamelodi Sundowns are set to collide with Bloemfontein Celtic in the Nedbank Cup final at Orlando Stadium on Saturday night 8pm, the Tshwane giants should be thankful to Free State-based club. Celtic were the heart of coach Pitso Mosimane’s appointment in December 2012 after Siwelele defeated the recently crowned Absa Premiership 1-0 in the Telkom Knockout in 2012 in Durban, although the goal scored by Joel Mogorotsi proved to be controversial. At that time, Sundowns were under the stewardship of Johan Neeskens but the former Dutch and Barcelona star was sacked after that game. Sundowns then appointed Mosimane, who was sacked by Safa after he failed to guide Bafana to the 2012 African Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Gabon after misinterpreting the CAF rules. Since then, Mosimane’s work has been unparalleled with the glut of achievement at the Tshwane giants. The league title won last Saturday under the noses of Kaizer Chiefs, confirmed Mosimane as the most successful coach in the PSL era with five league titles under his name. He has edged ahead of Gordon Igesund, Gavin Hunt and the late Ted Dumitru, who have won it four times. Jingles also helped Sundowns to the holy grail of Africa – the Caf Champions League in 2016 and Super Cup the following year. Other trophies won by Sundowns under Jingles are Nedbank Cup (2014-15), Telkom Knockout (2015-16) and the other one came earlier this season. Impressively, in full season with Sundowns, Mosimane has never finished outside the top two. The Kagiso-born coach said, before he took Sundowns post, he had other offers locally (one of them was Pirates after he attended the club’s awards when they won the treble in 2012), and internationally. “I had other jobs but I chose the sleeping giants. I chose this giant because I know that the president (Patrice Motsepe) of the team has a big appetite for international football,” said Mosimane. “It is why I accepted the offer. And by the way, I did not play a role in Neeskens’ sacking. Remember I was five years out of the PSL (as I was firstly Bafana assistant before the head coach job), so I did not play a role.” If Sundowns beat Celtic today, as they are undefeated against them in the last ten matches in all competitions, they will complete the treble. That will mean Jingles is the first South African-born coach to win three major trophies in the PSL in one season.