“THIS one is the most special!” Pitso Mosimane has won many trophies so far in his career. But the Mamelodi Sundowns coach insists the latest, the Absa Premiership title, is his best ever. Mosimane set a record as he became the first local coach to clinch FIVE LEAGUE TITLES. But his latest achievement almost moved him to tears. “We’ve won trophies before. We’ve celebrated. But this one... I can put it in the same bracket as the Champions League,” said Mosimane. “I’m emotional about it. It is the most special one for me, the sweetest. “It has never been as difficult for me in all my years at Sundowns as it has been this year. You know how long it took for my contract to be renewed. You know how long I begged for my contract... that I’m the right guy for the job. And I earned it. It hasn’t been easy. There have been a lot of doubters, even internally at Mamelodi Sundowns. Some people are not happy that the trophy is here. But at the end of the day, it is here.” With his latest achievement, Mosimane is ranked as the most successful local coach in PSL history. In fact, he is the first black coach to win five titles, three in successive years. Edging Kaizer Chiefs in a dramatic and nerve-wracking title race, Mosimane guided the Brazilians to their historic 10th league championship, the most by any club in the PSL era. Chiefs and Downs were level pegging at the top of the standings going into Saturday’s final round of fixtures on 56 points. Downs won their last game against Black Leopards 3-0, while Amakhosi could only manage a 1-1 draw against Baroka. It was not an easy feat, considering that Sundowns were trailing runners-up Chiefs by a 13-point gap at some stage, as they traversed the continent on Caf assignments. And that makes it extra special for Mosimane, who has also thanked his Chiefs counterpart, Ernst Middendorp, for the fiercest title race. He has acknowledged the achievements of his predecessors, who also delivered league titles. “I wanted the La Decima (10th in Spanish). I’m part of the La Decima. But it is not about me. Credit also goes to the late Ted Dumitru, to Gordon Igesund. I found trophies here and I added to them. “For me, it’s about winning. At Mamelodi Sundowns, it’s about the winning mentality,” added Mosimane.