The police have warned the public to stop spreading fake news about kidnappings and human trafficking of women and children. According to SAPS spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters the Police in Gauteng have noted with concern the continued spread of fake news. She said they are warning the public against the promotion and distribution of such malicious untruths. Peters said this practice continues to spread even after the office of the National Commissioner in the past two weeks issued a similar warning, while clarifying matters. "This comes after a video clip trending on various social media platforms where an unknown man frantically claims to have witnessed the kidnapping of a woman at gunpoint at the Boulders shopping centre in Midrand," explained Peters. Peters said SAPS wishes to confirm that in fact on Tuesday morning at around 11h15 at the Boulders shopping centre, police from Midrand SAPS responded to an incident where a woman was allegedly robbed of an undisclosed amount of cash at gunpoint. "Investigations suggest that two unknown suspects travelling in an SUV may have followed the woman from a bank where she had reportedly withdrawn a large amount of money. "The suspects are said to have cornered the victim in the basement parking at the shopping center and demanded money from her at gunpoint,"she said. She said that the suspects made off with the victim's handbag and other valuables and both the woman and a six-year old child who was with her, were uninjured and are safe. Gauteng Police Commissioner, Lieutenant General Elias Mawela has reminded the public that no good can come from the spreading of fake news. "The anonymity that often surrounds the identity of the creators or sources of fake news, confirms that the intention can only be hostile, seeking to unsettle community-police relations that the SAPS is working so hard to build and restore," said Lieutenant General Mawela. He said in the meantime, police in Gauteng will continue to give priority attention to genuine cases of human trafficking, kidnappings, as well as crimes committed against women, children, and other vulnerable persons. " Parents are urged to remain vigilant and prioritise the safety of their children at all times and to always be aware of the children's whereabouts. Children should not be left unattended as this could create an opportunity for criminals to commit crime," he said. Members of the public are encouraged to report crime and/or suspicious activities by contacting their nearest police station or calling the SAPS crime stop number 08600 10111. Information may also be conveyed to the police on the MySAPS App that can be downloaded on any smartphone.