THE state has argued the cops implicated in the murder of Nateniel Julies on 26 August were on a shooting spree and were hungry to kill. The Protea Magistrates Court in Soweto postponed the bail judgment of the three cops to Monday. Simon “Scorpion” Ndyalvana (46) and Caylene Whiteboy (23) are facing charges of premeditated murder, defeating the ends of justice, possession of prohibited ammunition and discharging a firearm in public, while Foster Netshiongolo (37) faces accessory to murder and defeating the ends of justice charges. State prosecutor Mzwandile Mrwabe said Nateniel, who had Down Syndrome, posed no threat and the accused couldn’t be granted bail. He said Ndyalvana had three previous convictions, two of which related to violence. He said the state had evidence proving Ndyalvana was threatening Whiteboy with death as she’d said in her affidavit. Mrwabe also questioned why Netshiongolo went to the scene of crime when he was off-duty and told the family he could not assist, yet he was there. On the first day of bail application, Whiteboy’s attorney Jeff Maluleke said she acted on instructions from Ndyalvana and was under the impression the gun was still loaded with rubber bullets because she used the same gun to disperse the crowd earlier in Freedom Park. But Mrwabe said this proved the cops were hungry to kill. He said the group dispersed earlier with rubber bullets were found drinking alcohol and there was no need to be shot at. “Are those not Wild West tendencies? They were on a shooting spree,” said Mrwabe. Meanwhile, Maluleke blamed Nateniel’s murder on the dysfunctional cop shop. He said there was no evidence that it was premeditated murder. “The State is sensationalising and emotionalising the case.” He said they could not have planned to go the scene, found an innocent disabled person and shot at him. Throughout the bail proceedings, Nateniel’s mum Bridget Harris could not hold back her tears. The NPA said investigations were still ongoing and should the accused be granted bail, it would undermine public peace.