IT’S crunch time in the Premiership title race! There is nether room for error, nor will there be a second chance, as the 50-year-old Kaizer Chiefs and 50-year-old Mamelodi Sundowns enter the penultimate stage of the drama-filled race. The two 50-year-old sides are tied on 53 points with two matches left, although Chiefs are ahead on goal difference. Amakhosi will be home to Chippa United at Orlando Stadium, at the same time The Brazilians will be parading their new 50th anniversary kit, as they tackle Polokwane City at Loftus Stadium (6pm). The two messed up opportunities to put both hands on the R15 million trophy as they shockingly lost their respective matches on Sunday. Interestingly, the team that win the 2019-20 PSL title will go down in history as it will be the last trophy sponsored by Absa, who has since pulled out their financial backing. Worse, Amakhosi not only lost 1-0 to Wits, but they have also lost their number one goalkeeper, Daniel Akpeyi, who is out for the rest of the season with a concussion. Sundowns are sweating on the fitness of Rivaldo Coetzee, who they missed when they crashed 1-0 to Baroka. But both sides have enough weaponry in their arsenals to match any opponents. Bernard Parker, who has termed the fixture a “do-or-die”, will be expected to start following an improved performance against Wits. “We have been praying and connecting energetically among ourselves in terms of how we will approach these two matches, which are like a war,” said Parker. “Our lives depend on it, here internally as players and technical staff, and our families at home and the supporters at large. “It is a do-or-die moment and it is good to say we have made that pledge to go out there with fire in our eyes to fight for what we deserve, which is the title. “Don’t take away from the performance we had in the last game and the fight we put up, it is just that luck was not there for us. “Chippa are a ‘not giving up’ team. They have been fighting for their survival and I think they are going out there just to get a point.” Downs coach Pitso Mosimane said he has never experienced anything as the current title race, and vowed they will not let their fans down. He has capable players in Themba Zwane and Gaston Sirino, who are ready to slot in goals.