This is a true confession of a young woman, who died recently because of abuse by her lover. She said: “I cooked and cleaned for him, stopped talking to all my male friends to please him, came home early from work to him, bore a child for him. And what did I get? “A promise of marriage, which never happened, two other babies from different women, a string of girlfriends calling his house daily, and last but not least, a death sentence of HIV/Aids. “Was it worth it? No. I knew all along he was cheating, but stayed because I thought I would be able to change him because I loved him dearly. I never realised he didn’t love me back. A man who cheats does not love you, he just likes you. “I’m waiting for my last breath as I lie in my bed, lonely and helpless, knowing that I’m leaving my baby without the love and care of a mum and in the care of a male who doesn’t qualify to be called dad, a male with a roving eye, a male who can’t keep his zip up. “My dear sisters, don’t be as stupid as I was and end up like I did. It’s not worth it.” Ladies, don’t let any man, rich or poor, handsome or ugly, popular or unpopular, strong or weak, educated or uneducated, don’t let him destroy your life because you will never regain it, just like my niece! Yes, it might be hard to get over the man you love, but you won’t until you try. Please listen to good advise from your elders before it’s too late. Remember, the Good Book says: “Obedience is better than sacrifice.” Women tend to continue relationships that destroy who they are physically, socially and emotionally. They give up their individuality, happiness, families, friends and pride. wealth & success in order to satisfy ungrateful men in their lives! Let’s face it ladies, women are strong in character & can achieve so much without anyone’s help. So why let some ungrateful bastard destroy what you worked hard for? Come on, get out while you can. Appreciate, believe & love yourselves. Come on SA, let’s speak out against women & children abuse with one voice!