AFTER The Move The Nation raised more than R3 million to help feed SA’s Hungry Children, co-founder Kabelo Mabalane was grateful to those who have donated money. Mabalale continued to urge the public to keep on donating as his initial goal was to reach R6 million after running from Johannesburg to Durban which took him 17 days. Per day, along with his partner, Peteni Khuzwayo, were running four hours. When they reached their destination on Wednesday last week at Carme Ello Daycare Centre in South Beach, Durban, they were expected to arrive at 5pm. Startling, Mabalane and Khuzwayo, who regularly participate in the gruelling Comrades Marathon, arrived just after 2pm. “We find ourselves in the place of privilege and we used that privilege to make life easier for other people,” said Mabalane. “I’m really excited that we reached the 50 percent mark. I’m just been told by Unathi (Msengane) from Khaya FM that minister of transport Fikile Mbalula has donated R10000 from his own money." Mabalane, who overcame his drug addiction, was confident that he won’t be surprised if they hit R6 million targeted. The money the duo raised will go to feed the number of South African children who are going to bed hungry every night. “There’s a snowball effect and I will not be surprised if we hit our objective,” revealed Dubula Dubula hitmaker. “This has been a team effort. I would like to thank all the people who have donated. But whoever person who hasn’t donated, please got to www.hopewitheverystep.com and donate and donate.”      Old Mutual, who powered and supported their run across three provinces, donated R1.1 million, food manufacturer Kellogg’s confirmed their pledge of R265 000. Ferguson Films, Hollywood Bets and Arishumeng pledged R 100 000 each and the difference is from varied individuals. It is estimated that 1.6 million South Africans go to bed hungry every night, a figure that has most certainly increased since the onset of Covid-19. The main objective of Move the Nation, which has been supported by Old Mutual since 2019, is to expand the opportunity for active living, recreation, and sport through public running.