 THEY DRESS for success – in their lingerie. They strike a defiant pose for the camera as they make a bold statement. “WE DRINK ZAMALEK, WE SHOW OFF OUR BODIES ... AND YOU CAN TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT!” The Kasi Zamalek Queens are the talk of the town. From Katlehong Ficksburg in the Free State to Facebook and Twitter, the champion ladies are being talked about. With their sexy lingerie, racy panties and Black Label beer, the ladies have captured Mzansi’s attention. The 12 friends started the social club in 2018. They wanted to save money, but they also wanted to encourage a positive attitude and self-love about their bodies. They still meet every week to contribute money, which is saved to be shared at the end of the year. But it’s on the last Saturday of every month when they draw the attention of the kasi. Instead of wearing the usual skirt and shirt stokvel uniforms, the ladies rock up for their get-together in their sexy underwear. Chairwoman of the Champion Women Stokvel, Thandiwe Mahlobo (22), said their aim was to make women feel comfortable with their bodies. “Women have to tolerate a lot of pressure when it comes to their bodies. They have to do all sorts of things to look skinny. They have to deal with unemployment and gender-based violence,” she said. “We got together and decided that despite the circumstances, we should appreciate our bodies and feel sexy.” She said although some people and also the ladies’ partners were negative in the beginning, they have now come to support them. “We’re women. This has made people who thought we were doing this to attract men change their opinion of us,” she said. She said they were not ashamed of their different body shapes. “We’re women of different types of bodies and shapes. If it’s hot we go outside or even take to the pavement. These are the only bodies we’ve got and nobody should ever feel ashamed of their bodies,” she said. “And we drink Zamalek because we’re champions. And champion women deserve champion beer.” She said they’re hardworking and have a variety of skills. “We need a real drink to relax and have a great time,” she said. She said more women wanted to join them, but they preferred to keep the group small. “Champion Women encourage other women to be sexy. You can throw a party in lingerie or just be confident. You don’t have to join us. Do it for yourself!” Champion Women Stokvel member, Thandi Khontho (24), said Champion Women Stokvel helped to buy clothes for her two children. “I rely on the stokvel for groceries and clothes for myself and kids. I lack nothing because of Champion Women,” she said. She said she’s able to save money because of the stokvel. Omikey Mokgumutsi (24) said she’s responsible financially because of the stokvel. “People might think we meet only to party, but we also invite educated people who advises us on how to save, budget and, of course, how to love ourselves,” she said. 