SO, what’s next for the treble-winning Mamelodi Sundowns? “The Fifa Club World Cup is next!” multi-championship winning coach, Pitso Mosimane, replied emphatically. The Brazilians have delivered on their “La Decima”, the 10th league title, and have also collected the Telkom Knockout and the Nedbank Cup to complete a rare treble this past season. With Caf now having three spots in the prestigious Fifa club tournament, teams such as Sundowns, Esperance, Wydad Atletico, TP Mazembe to name a few, will have increased chances of playing in the world stage. Winning the Absa Premiership has earned the Brazilians yet another spot in the Caf Champions League, for the seventh year running. But Mosimane’s appetite for Champions League football is insatiable, and his ambition remains to take the Brazilians back to the Fifa Club World Cup, where they were four years ago. “There’s one thing that makes us change our attitude and that is the Fifa Club World Cup,” said Mosimane. “The three positions for Africa. And the way things are, I’m driving that vision. We won the league twice in a row. Even though we were a team in transition, we still won the league. “The team we are building is specifically being built for the Club World Cup. But you need to be careful because when you do that, you might also be tinkering the team that won you the treble.” Just as they have done in recent years, Sundowns again defied the odds to claim the major titles in the domestic league, while also competing in the continental club tourney. They reached the quarter-finals where they lost to giants Al Ahly in February, but channelled their energies towards the league and the remaining knockout trophy, Ke Yona. Mosimane has confirmed he will be offloading several players to make way for the new-comers, including George Maluleka and Lesedi Kapinga. “I know the team we are having is not strong enough to challenge for the three spots. “We have the likes of Mauricio Affonso and Sammy Seabi injured. But we are working on a team.” Asked if Thulani Hlatshwayo was one the players he eyeing, Mosimane said he has only read in the papers that the former Wits defender was on the radar of Sundowns and Orlando Pirates.