 Historically, beauty and the beauty industry are somewhat of an empowerment symbol for women. Think about getting that “power” suit on or strapping on those killer heels. Women add a smear of red lips to feel emboldened and put on their “game” face when doing a serious makeup look. In my opinion, this pandemic we find ourselves in will reveal far more to us about ourselves than we thought and no, it’s not wrong to still want to look and feel good about yourself. Having said that, brows are still a growing and evolving trend in 2020. In fact, the entire eye and brow area plays a more crucial role than one initially anticipates.Just looking at the past decade, 2020 has put eyes and brows in focus more than ever before for one simple reason...masks. Masks are covering 80% of our face and with a mere 20% of our faces exposed. Bodylanguageuniversity.com draws our attention to the fact that eyebrows are part of the chain of communication. With over 50% of communication being non-verbal, brows are an intricate part of expression. For instance raised eyebrows are an indication of astonishment and lowered eyebrows can signal annoyance. Quite interestingly, from an Artificial intelligence perspective, eyebrows are important in facial recognition because it is a constant feature that differentiates from one person to the next.With these relatively small features playing such a large role and with masks drawing even more attention to the eyes, your brows as a focal point require even more regard, adopting a trend that suits you. Soaping your brows is an easy to follow technique that leaves you with a fluffy, fuller-looking brow. Check out the full tutorial here. https://vm.tiktok.com/ZSPuu1TV/Laminated brows seem to take centre stage which is typically a chemical trend that allows you to redirect the direction of your brow growth. Whichever trend you choose, UNIQ Brows has you covered with both brow trends that will suit you and stylish masks.Post Isolation Recovery Pack for R1050 includes our Serum Pencil, Charcoal Soap, Limited Edition Mask and Mask Bag. As we venture out, do so safely with your UNIQ signature brow, donning your UNIQ mask.Purchase online at www.uniqbrows.com 