CLICKS stores across the country were forced to close yesterday after EFF members gathered to protest. The shutdown came after the company ran an advert describing a black woman’s hair as dry and damaged, while the description under a blonde white woman’s hair read “normal”. Yesterday morning, staff at a branch in Menlyn Mall were getting ready to open when EFF treasurer general Omphile Maotwe occupied the entrance. The shop was forced to close and staff were sent home. ALSO READ:DA CALLS FOR COPS TO TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION AGAINST THE EFF EFF MP Naledi Chirwa and party members stood at the entrance to the store in Denlyn, Mamelodi. “I think companies should understand that we come from a very painful history. Because of that, anyone who is a decision maker in companies needs to be politically and culturally sensitive,” she said.  Secretary general Marshall Dlamini said the demonstrations would continue for the rest of the week if the company didn’t give in to the party’s demands. “They must fire all those who were involved in the campaign and we want their names published,” he said. At the Sandton City branch, EFF deputy president Floyd Shivambu said no court order would stop them from protesting. Malema, provincial leader Jossey Buthane and party spokesman Vuyani Pambo went to six stores around Polokwane and Lebowakgomo. Malema said: “We wrote to Clicks not to open their stores, but they ignored our call and refused to give us the names of the people involved in that advertisement or to terminate their contracts with the company that projected black people as ugly,” he said. Buthane said he didn’t know who vandalised the store at Cycad Shopping Centre but he was happy about it. Sources told Daily Sun a group of people arrived in two cars and threw what looked like a petrol bomb at the store. Provincial police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said only the outside of the shop was damaged. He said a case of malicious damage to property was being investigated. The branch at Thulamahashe Mall was closed by provincial organiser Daniel Khoza. At least 16 workers were escorted out of the shop. Clicks Group CEO Vikesh Ramsunder apologised. On Sunday, Ramsunder said he was deeply disappointed that the advert was allowed to be published. He said the images and content were provided to them by their supplier Tresemme, but this did not mean they were not also responsible. Meanwhile, the DA called on the cops to act against Malema for alleged incitement to violence. MP Andrew Whitfield said: “We will lay charges of incitement to violence and destruction of property against the EFF and more especially its leadership as (sic) made public who (sic) would welcome rioters at certain malls.”