SAFA has roped in one of its biggest critics, Lucas "Rhoo" Radebe, in their Technical Committee as part of their effort to consolidated its committee. Radebe has always been vocal about football transformation matters and went as far as raising his hand to being a candidate for the Safa presidential elections. He at some stage said he believes football could be improved if handled in a certain way. Now that he has been brought closer to the association, Radebe is now expected to throw in his wealth of experience and expertise to drive South African football in the right direction. Safa has called upon expertise of several ex-footballers and coaches as they look forward to the future. The committee is chaired by Safa NEC senior member, Jack Maluleka, who himself was an accomplished soccer player. Radebe, former Bafana Bafana and Leeds United legend, is back in the committee and joins another decorated player David Nyathi in the set up. Among other members of the Technical Committee are Boobie Solomons, Farouk Khan, Sudesh Singh and president of the SA Football Coaches Association, Greg Mashilo. All national team coaches form part of the Technical Committee as well as the Technical Director. Maluleka's deputy is football legend, Buddha Mathathe, who is also the president of the SA Masters and Legends Association. During the NEC meeting held at Safa House on Saturday, it was resolved that the Technical Committee is a vital component of football development and as a result should be beefed up. "The aim of consolidating the Technical Committee is to make sure that our national teams continue to qualify for major continental and global tournaments as prescribed in Safa’s Vision 2022 blueprint. We also want all of our teams to start making a huge impact in most of these global showpieces,” said Maluleka. Other soccer legends Brian Baloyi and Fabian McCarthy are part of the Safa Marketing, Media and Commercial Committee. The association has also roped in retired Judge Ronnie Pillay to head the new Ethics Committee whose members are mostly in the country’s legal gurus. SAFA strengthens Technical Committee https://t.co/8tJ8ZMpA4T 