KAIZER Chiefs forward Bernard Parker points to mental toughness as a key factor in the Absa Premiership title race. Despite fumbling in their last four matches where they lost three and drew one, Amakhosi remains at the top of the league standings with 53 points same as Mamelodi Sundowns. They are only separated by positive goal difference. With two games remaining, there’s an immense pressure on Ernst Middendorp and his charges as they could lose the league title after being at the top for the better half of the campaign. On Wednesday, Chiefs will be hoping to restore their pride and maintain their place at the top when they face Chippa United at Orlando Stadium (6pm). “Our preparation has been more mental than physical itself,” said Parker.“The preparations have been going well in terms of us regrouping and tuning the mind in a more positive approach leading to the next match. Everyone is looking forward to winning and so far so good. we will see what happens in the field of play when we give our 120%.” Parker says they are aware of the expectations from fans and they cannot afford to disappoint them and label the remaining games as do or die clashes. He said: “We are well aware in the camp that the expectations are high, and the pressure is high. “Everyone that’s got their whole heart at the team wants us to deliver the title and that is the goal, the focus, 50 years celebration with what the chairman has laid and they past players we have come together. “Our lives depend on it, it’s do or die moment. It is good to see that we have made that agreement, we have made that pledge that we are defiantly going there with fire in our eyes to get what we are deserving.” He added: “The talk in the camp is focusing on ourselves“I have been watching all the matches in the bubble and Chippa are not a giving up team they have been fighting for their survival. “ We know that it is going to be a very physical game we are prepared we have done our homework. “Taking away nothing from the last match where I just believe we had no luck, we looking to approach the next match with the same mentality we will keep pushing until things happen for us.