FORMER Bidvest Wits CEO, Jose Ferreira, has revealed the truth about why the club was sold, saying the coronavirus pandemic was the reason the team cease to exist today. Bidvest sold the Milpark-based side to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) boss, Masala Mulaudzi, and have relocated to Venda ahead of the start of new PSL season, and will be renamed TTM. Ferreira left the 99-year-old Clever Boys in September last year after seven years to take a job as a member of the PSL Executive Committee. He denied that Wits closed shop due to financial constraints. “It wasn’t budget because (of money, as) that is allocated every season,” Ferreira told a journalists’ association briefing. “If you get R10 you work with it and the following year if they (the board) said it’s R8 now, then you work with it. “I don’t think finance was the issue at all. With the pandemic, there were many retrenchments. I think spending money on football didn’t make sense (for Bidvest). I think the pandemic took its toll on the future of the club.” Ferreira revealed that the staff was compensated well for losing their jobs. “I was involved in the process. I know Bidvest compensated the staff who lost their jobs handsomely. “I think the quality of people who have been here will find little trouble in finding a job. Others will benefit from people leaving the club. It’s sad others won’t be together.” He hailed Wits COO Jonathan Schloss for doing a great job in his absence. “Jonathan did a fantastic job. He continued to enjoy the support of the board. What changed was the pandemic. If it wasn’t for it, Wits would be around today,” he added. Ferreira hopes other clubs follow in Wits’ footsteps by nurturing youngsters through the academy set-up. “Many sad stories come with Wits dissolving and it’s a blow for the academy,” Ferreira said about youngsters who were reportedly due to return to Wits for the coming season. “Wits had the finest development together with SuperSport United and Ajax Cape Town. The fact that Wits are no longer there, we hope somebody will pick up the baton. We hope to see more clubs take development seriously. I know Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates have good academies.”