JOMO Cosmos have hit out at allegations that they tried to exploit an up-and-coming footballer. Ezenkosi have been accused of taking advantage of a youngster whom they offered a contract of R5 000 per month. The footballer from Free State was set to join Cosmos after he underwent successful trials with the club. The youngster, simply known as Yaya, currently plays for ABC Motsepe League outfit D’General FC, who are co-owned by Bafana Bafana midfielder Kamohelo Mokotjo and Lesedi FM DJ Nyakallo Leine, better known as Ba2Cada. The DJ took to social media to reveal that Yaya had received his contract from Ezenkosi but turned down the offer as it did not meet his expectations, and he felt he could not survive in Joburg on a measly R5 000. Cosmos have come out to clarify the situation, stating that the money was just a stipend for the player whom they were going to give a chance to earn a better contract. Said Brice Aka, Cosmos team manager: “We had trials and we took a few youngsters after they managed to impress the coaches. Bra J (Jomo Sono) had seen enough talent and had all the players he wanted, but there was this other midfielder from Free State that we wanted him to see a little bit more of. He was not entirely impressed, but was willing to give him a chance.” Aka claimed that Ba2Cada had initially agreed on the offer they gave the youngster and was surprised by his utterances on social media. “Bra J said let’s offer him R5 000 since he is an unknown player, and if he manages to play half the games (in the GladAfrica Championship) by December, then he will increase the amount to R8 000. The guy (Leine) said he is the one who pays for the boy’s accommodation, so we should increase the amount to R7 000. “Bra J decided to stick to the amount and offered that the boy would stay at the club’s house and wouldn’t need to pay for transport. We were surprised when he put the picture of contract on Facebook and told us that his community thinks he got a (big) contract.” Aka said the “inaccurate” information on social media was doing damage to the club’s brand. Added Aka: “Bra J has done a lot to develop football in this country and has discovered a lot of players who have gone on to bigger and better things. “These type of allegations are just unfortunate and it is sad that some people would want to drag his name and the club’s name through the mud.” SunSport reached out to Yaya, but he was not prepared to talk about the issue. “I don’t think I would be the right person to talk about this thing,” said Yaya. “My agent Ba2Cada is the person with all the details. I think it’s better if you talk to him about this.” Ba2Cada said: “Even though I personally wanted him to play, he declined it. That’s all I can say on the issue.