IN his journal titled, Making Sense of Fairness in Sports, Thomas Murray asks: “What does it take to keep sports fair? What does fairness require?” He delves into the intricacies of various sporting disciplines and codes to highlight the very fact that no one can quite prove fairness or unfairness in sport. This journal came to mind, in light of a court ruling in the case between star runner Caster Semenya and the International Athletics Association Federation (IAAF). The 800m World champion will not be able to defend her Olympic title next year after she lost her appeal to Switzerland’s Federal Supreme Court against testosterone regulations in female athletes. It is either she suppresses her testosterone hormone levels, as per the regulation, introduced by IAAF last year, or she forgets about competing in the 800m event. The decision, of course, has been met with mixed reactions across the athletics world. To say I’m shocked by the ruling would be an exaggeration. In all honesty, the track queen had more chances of winning lining up against any athletes than being on the track against the IAAF hegemony. In the journal, Murray argues: “The first thing to note is that a fair sports competition does not require that athletes be equal in every imaginable respect. “Some basketball players are taller, stronger, quicker, or more agile than others. “No one regards such difference in natural talents as unjust or unfair.” In other words, a match that should never happen is a one-one-one between ex-Kaizer Chiefs winger Joseph Molangoane and former Nigerian international, Toribo West. It goes without saying that height is beneficial in sport such as netball. Should the world governing body then ban tall women from competing to ensure fairness in the sport? The IAAF may have their way with the latest regulation as they seem to have wilted under pressure from the likes of Lindsay Sharp, the England runner, who still complained when she couldn’t qualify for the 800m semi-final in the 2019 IAAF World Athletics in Doha... even in the absence of Semenya. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso