MEDIA personality Zizo Tshwete is finally picking up the pieces of her life and moving on. This follows Daily Sun’s reports that the star’s marriage to former Home Affairs spokesman Mayihlome Tshwete was in trouble. They have both removed each other's photos from their social media and they no longer  wear their wedding rings. It is rumoured that the parents of a four year-old son have not lived together for over a year as Zizo reportedly lives with her older sister. The two married in December 2015 in the Eastern Cape after years of being together. Zizo was pregnant at the time and gave birth in March 2016. It is rumoured that the marriage started crumbling within its first year. In a long winded Instagram post, she said after she had finally left the “baggage” behind her. “If you’ve ever doubted me, I get it, if you ever lied to me I can relate. If you’ve ever tried to discredit me, I understand. If you’ve ever spoken poorly about me, I know why. If you’ve ever spoken poorly about me, I know why, if you’ve ever betrayed me, I’m finally healed. If you’ve ever hurt me, I forgive you,” she said. The former beauty queen said she had finally let go of the baggage she had been carrying.” I can relate because at some point in my life I have done all of the above to myself. It feels great to be done with the burden of dragging ‘baggage’ along with me. She said she had finally found peace and healing. ALSO READ | KOKETSO SOUNDS LIKE HIMSELF Molweni! Igama lam nguZizo. I am a testimony. If you’ve ever doubted me, I get it. If you’ve ever lied to me, I can relate. If you’ve ever tried to discredit me, I understand. If you’ve ever spoken poorly about me, I know why. If you’ve ever betrayed me, I’m finally healed. If you’ve ever hurt me, I forgive you. I can relate because at some point in my life I have done all of the above to myself. It feels great to be done with the burden of dragging ‘baggage’ along with me. I choose peace. Healing takes time. You need to be willing to be completely honest with yourself. You need to be vulnerable. You need to be open to learning new ways of being. You need to stay committed to the journey. You need to want joy far more than the pain you will endure while doing the internal work. Molweni! Igama lam nguZizo. I am a testimony. If you’ve ever doubted me, I get it. If you’ve ever lied to me, I can relate. If you’ve ever tried to discredit me, I understand. If you’ve ever spoken poorly about me, I know why. If you’ve ever betrayed me, I’m finally healed. If you’ve ever hurt me, I forgive you. I can relate because at some point in my life I have done all of the above to myself. It feels great to be done with the burden of dragging ‘baggage’ along with me. I choose peace. Healing takes time. You need to be willing to be completely honest with yourself. You need to be vulnerable. You need to be open to learning new ways of being. You need to stay committed to the journey. You need to want joy far more than the pain you will endure while doing the internal work. Today, can be a BRAND NEW DAY for you. Would you like to choose peace? I am a testimony of the power of the One who gives Peace that surpasses all understanding! And if it is your choice today... Happy BRAND NEW DAY to you! ?? #IAmATestimony A post shared by  ZizoTshwete (@zizotshwete) on Sep 11, 2020 at 11:40pm PDT 