FRESH from their hammering of Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila
(TTM) last time out, promotion chasing Ajax Cape Town have now turned their
attention on Black Leopards. The Urban Warriors face Lidoda Duvha in their final
Premiership promotion/relegation play-off match at Rand Stadium on this
afternoon (3pm). They need nothing less than maximum points against Leopards
if they are to keep their hopes of winning the three-team mini-league high. Calvin Marlin’s side cannot afford to leave anything to
chance and will be eager to take matters into their own hands as opposed to
having to depend of TTM for favours. And surely Ajax score with their hat-trick hero, Eleazar
Rodgers, in a form of his live, flanked by other potential scorers in
Siphesihle Mkhize and Chumani Butsaka. If they fail to beat Lidoda Duvha, they
will need TTM to do them a huge favour in the last match of the play-offs
between the two Limpopo sides on Monday. And having seen TTM’s performances so far in the play-offs,
the last thing Ajax would want to do is pin their hopes on them. Marlin, who was pleased with his side’s five star
performances in the second-half against TTM which saw them score five unanswered
goals, is hoping his side are as ruthless against Leopards. The Urban Warriors missed out on automatic promotion on goal
difference, with Swallows winning the GladAfrica Championship by one goal. Marlin wants to ensure Ajax are on the right side of the
result, should it come down to goal difference again in the play-offs. “I’ve been bemoaning the number of chances we have been
missing this season because we could have easily had a hundred goals,” said
Marlin. “I’m glad we got five in our last game. I’ve been saying
that we will give a team five at some stage and it happened. Marlin insists the encounter against Lidoda Duvha is “a
must-win” for his side, as they look to end their two season long stay in the
second tier. But he is aware that Leopards will prove tough customers. “Difficult game for us but we’ve got to get a positive
result from it,” added Marlin. “I can’t say how many goals we need, but I think we should
just start with the win, get the three points and put pressure on Leopards to
need a big win in their last game.” But Leopards have had a taste of the PSL and can still smell
their place in the big league. They will look to milk Ajax dry through boots of
Mwape Musonda and Khomotso Masia, while King Ndlovu will be manning the goal
posts with care.