CONVICTED ANC councillor Andile Lunges has been ordered
to retract defaming remarks against the judiciary or face the music in court. Lawyers of the state representing the Supreme Court of
Appeal and East London High Court have in a letter given Lungisa seven days to
retract the statement he made as he handed himself over to begin his two year
sentence where he accused the judges of colluding to ensure his application
failed. "You made the statement maliciously knowing full well
they are devoid of truth. They were made in the form of sweeping statements
that are patently false and designed to injure, not only the persons they are
made against, but to tarnish the edifice on which the South African legal
system is founded," the lawyers stated. They order Lungisa to retract and that the retraction must
reach the same audience the original statement could have possibly reached who
could have been left with a wrong impression about the judiciary. " Failure to heed this demand will leave us with no
option but to approach a court of law for appropriate relief with further no
reference to you," it said. Lungisa was found guilty of assault with intent to do bodily
after assaulting a DA councillor with a jug of glass during a scuffle in the
Nelson Mandela Bay council meeting in 2016. He was sentenced to three years in prison one which was
suspended. He had sought to appeal the sentence at the Supreme Court of
Appeal, but that application was rejected. He has since approached the
Constitutional Court in a bid to overturn the sentence. As he was handing himself over to Rooi Hell Prison, Lungisa
intimated that there was collusion by the judiciary, a statement the judiciary
has taken issue with. The former ANC Youth League chairman addressing a throng of
his supporters before handing himself over claimed that the five Supreme Court
judges had treated him unfairly because of his political standing. "But we couldn't do anything in court because there was
a collaboration of those who are within our ranks including the old who were
part of the old regime," he told his supporters.