THE PSL whistle to start the coaching merry-go-around has gone off! And first was Clinton Larsen, who parted ways with Polokwane City with immediate effect. He was followed later in the day by the departure of Kaizer Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp. Larsen, who arrived in December last year to join the Limpopo side, couldn’t save the club from relegation. Johnny Mogaladi’s club were demoted after losing 3-1 to Bidvest Wits in the last game this past weekend.  Then the 49-year-old on Monday met the club’s management, led by Mogaladi, and both parties decided to cut ties. “Yesterday I was made an offer with regards to adjusting my current contract but failed to reach an agreement, so we both decided we should amicably terminate my contract,” Larsen said. The Durban-born coach replaced Zlatko Krmpotic after Polokwane had lost nine matches on the trot. Larsen couldn’t arrest the losing slide in his first game in charge of Rise and Shine as he lost to Mamelodi Sundowns just before the December break. In total, he was in charge of 17 games – won three, lost 11 and drew three. Elsewhere in Durban, AmaZulu have appointed Ayanda Dlamini as their head coach on a three-year deal.  This comes as Dlamini was able to save the club from the dreaded relegation axe this past weekend. Dlamini, who was coaching the club’s Reserve League, was previously appointed as interim coach after Slovakia-born coach Jozef Vukusic was suspended after the club lost to Chippa United at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in February. He was then able to navigate the tough task to see Usuthu finish 13th on the Absa Premiership log with 30 points from 30 games. Cobra, as he is known, said: “I’m looking forward to the challenge. I have been at the club for many years and I’ll continue to bring the happy days back to the team.” His first game in charge was against then log leaders Kaizer Chiefs in March before the season was suspended, and they stunned Amakhosi 1-0 at FNB Stadium. It was Usuthu’s first league win over Amakhosi in 13 years! When the season resumed last month, Dlamini’s side won once, lost once and drew four in six matches in the bubble. That was enough to see them retain their elite status status.