WE may think peanut butter’s bad for us because it contains fat, but it’s actually good for you because its fats are monounsaturated and polyunsaturated, which makes it nutritious, helps lower cholesterol levels and reduces risk of heart disease. Here are some peanut butter benefits from food.ndtv. Eating peanut butter stops hunger, which leads to weight loss, combining fibre (2,6 grams per serving) and protein (7-8 grams per serving) that keeps you feeling full for longer. Peanut butter contains p-coumaric acid, which helps in balancing out the damage done to cells associated with cardiovascular diseases. Also, it has more unsaturated fat than saturated fat, making it a fat-friendly food which lowers the risk of cardiovascular and coronary heart disease. Dr Manoj Ahuja of India’s Sukhda Hospital said: “Research shows eating a vitamin E–rich diet lowers the risk of stomach, colon, lung, liver, and other cancers.” Peanut butter’s full of the cancer-fighting vitamin. Peanuts are one of the foods highest in niacin, and people who eat foods rich in niacin i.e. Vitamin B3 are less likely to develop Alzheimer’s disease or memory disorders. The niacin in peanut butter helps the recovery of cell damage of the brain. Also, the p-coumaric acid content in peanut butter helps fight oxidative stress on the cells of the body associated with nerve diseases. Studies show eating peanut butter in moderation can reduce the risk of gallstones by 25%, because a large percentage of gallstones are cholesterol stones, linked to high levels of bad cholesterol. Peanuts can lower bad cholesterol and increase good cholesterol, reducing the possibility of developing gallstones. Peanuts and peanut butter have been shown to positively affect blood sugar control and lower diabetes risk. According to a study published in The Journal of The American Medical Association, eating about two tablespoons of peanut butter at least five days a week can reduce the risk of developing diabetes by almost 30%, particularly type 2 diabetes. Peanut butter has plenty of iron and calcium, which transport oxygen in the blood and boost strong bones. The Orthopedic Group, PC said: “Including healthy protein in your daily diet like peanut butter is a good option to maintain strong bones.”