 THE DEATH of two kids in Orange Farm, south of Joburg over the weekend, has left the community in shock. And as if that was not enough, residents now live in fear after a “hit list” with names was found tied to one of the deceased’s arms. Parents fear the killers could be on the hunt for more children, as they left a note saying they were not finished and who would follow. But sadly, these were not the first kids to be killed in the area. In April, the naked body of a five-year-old boy, who had been missing, was found between two fridges in one of his neighbour’s yards. His neck and ankles were wrapped with strings. A few months later, the body of a three-year-old girl was found in a plastic bin by a person collecting plastic waste. She had wounds on her upper body. Residents relived this horror again after Mpho Makondo (8) and Simphiwe Mgcina’s (6) bodies, which were also naked, were found dumped in the street. The “hit list” was found tied to Simphiwe’s arm. Mpho’s mum, Lerato, (25) told Daily Sun the kids were last seen on Friday following Simphiwe’s aunt to the hair salon nearby. But the aunt told them to go home and that was the last time they were seen. Assisted by the residents and police, Lerato said they went looking for the kids and also opened a missing persons case on Saturday. “The search paused at about 4am and we were told to go home and rest a bit. I then heard a commotion outside. When I went outside, someone said they had found the children’s bodies,” she said. “I was hurt to see my daughter like that. I’m still in disbelief. I want the people who did this to be found. “They must go to prison or the community will do to them what they did to our innocent children.” She described Mpho as a smart and talkative child. Lerato’s aunt, Pinky Dlamini, said children were not safe in the area. “We don’t want to see this happen to another child. The police should follow this up until these people are found,” she said. Simphiwe’s gogo, Dudu Majafe (46), said she was aware of the “hit list”, but didn’t know the names on the list. Describing her grandson, Dudu said Simphiwe was a good and playful child. “He was happy to start school this year. He couldn’t even wait to go wear his school uniform,” she said. “Even though our pain won’t go away, the people who did this must be arrested.” Gauteng police spokeswoman, Brigadier Mathapelo Peters, said they have launched a search for the suspect (s). “The motive for the killings is yet to be determined, while a post mortem will be conducted to establish the exact cause of death,” Peters said. “The investigation into this double murder will be prioritised and escalated to the Provincial Investigating Unit in line with the SAPS’ position to prioritise crimes against women, children and other vulnerable persons.” When asked about the “hit list”, Peters said anything found at the scene of the crime is part of the investigation and would not be discussed in the media. Joined by various pastors, the community held a protest and prayer session yesterday and pleaded with cops to prioritise solving these child murders.