THE top of Idols season 16 has been decided. Tonight’s episode saw the number of future stars narrow down
as the competition gets tougher and hotter. First to make it to the top 16 was 20-year-old Ntokozo
Mvelase. Somizi said she has been his favourite since day one, but
they were divided about her going to the next level. Ntokozo said that she was hungry to be the next idol. “It’s the first thing I think about and the last,” 18-year-old Zama Khumalo was nervous to receive the news. Unathi said she reminded people that they have to want it. “It’s not easy taking risks but we want to take a risk with
you,” she said. Jerodine Madlala (28) who’s been a dancer for Kelly Khumalo,
Mobi Dixon and many other artists added her Top 16 to her CV. Dee was feeling confident. Unathi asked her not to lose the hunger in the top 16
because she will need it. Ndoni couldn’t believe she made it to the next round. Randel said she is different. “We believe it is good enough for you to make it to the top
16,” he said. Qhawe Mahlangu who came back to idols this year was the
first guy to make it to the top 16. Unathi said he deserved it because of his hard work. The judges said 26-year-old Ethan Norris was unique and
consistent. He said he was over the moon and blessed to make it to the
top 16. “I am very overwhelmed, and I am grateful, I even shed tears
of joy,” he said. Lungisani Mthethwa who calls himself Mr Music also made it
to the top 16. 29-year- old Juma was feeling very unsure but the judges
believed he deserved to be in the spot. Last to make it to the top 16 was Sonwabile ZanoThando. The new top 16 closed off the show with a performance of
Beyoncé’s Freedom. The names of the top 16 season 16 are Sonwabile  ZanoThando, Ntokozo Mvelase. Ethan Norris,
Jerodine Madlala, Brandon Dhludhlu, Zama Khumalo, Jooma, Bongi (S'bongile
Mntambo), ZAYN-Reece, Dee, Succeedor, Melanin (Asim'bonge Zwane), Mr Music
(Lungisani Mthethwa), Ndoni (Phumzile Mseleku), Qhawe Mahlangu and Be
(Boitumelo Mohutsioa).