BAROKA FC coach Dylan Kerr feels sorry for his Kaizer Chiefs counterpart, Ernst Middendorp. Kerr’s Bakgaga were responsible for Amakhosi’s misery on Saturday after they dashed their Absa Premiership title dreams. The Ga-Mphahlele outfit held the Glamour Boys to a 1-1 draw at the Bidvest Stadium on Saturday, ending their hopes of winning the league for the first time in five seasons. The result played into Chiefs’ rivals Mamelodi Sundowns’ hands, as they clinched their 10th Premiership title following their 3-0 win over Black Leopards in Saturday’s final round of fixtures. Chiefs, who had been at the summit for over a year, were left heartbroken as they have nothing to show for their efforts. Kerr, who was desperate to avoid similar heartache as his side successfully fought to keep their top flight status, feels sorry for Middendorp. The German is already facing criticism with his side having flattered to deceive this season. “I would just like to say to Ernst, it’s been tough in this bubble, it’s not been fair,” said Kerr. “He was nine points clear coming into the bubble, it has not been a good advert for football. Many teams have not been able to play to their best level. “I feel sorry for Ernst because he knows how hard it is in football here, we both know how hard it is because we speak regularly. “I’ve got no words for him because I could be feeling like that now. “They could have been the champions and we could have been in the (relegation/promotion) playoffs. “I can understand how he feels, I will have a word with him after it has all sunk in.” Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the PSL suspended the season in mid-March and restarted it in a bio bubble – a biologically safe environment in Gauteng last month. Kerr, though, was delighted that his side were able to avoid going to the play-offs and maintain their top flight status. The Englishman is no stranger to the relegation battle, having kept Black Leopards from getting axed last season before stepping down. He has now ensured Bakgaga’s safety after they finished 14th on the log with 29 points, equal with Black Leopards. Lidoda Duvha, who have an inferior goal difference to Baroka, will now contest the play-offs with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila and Ajax Cape Town. “At some point, I thought it would be a very bad day because the players didn’t come to the party in the first half,” added Kerr. “But at half time I really gave them a mouthful because they were letting me, the club and themselves down. “So second half performance was good and I know they can do that, they showed character and dug in deep. I’m happy.”