A 23-year-old university student was granted bail unopposed today
for allegedly killing the man who was raping her one-year-old niece.  The Walter Sisulu University (WSU) Accounting student was
granted  R500 bail today at Zwelithini
Magistrate Court in King William’s Town in the Eastern Cape on the murder
charge.   Three women advocates 
under the South Women Lawyers Association (SAWLA)  in the Eastern Cape represented the student
who was arrested last week. The suspect allegedly caught the man trying to insert his 4-5
into her one-year-old niece inside the family kraal. As a way to separate him, the suspect then grabbed e metal
rod and hit the man with it and he subsequently succumbed to his injuries. The baby’s mum had apparently gone to another village and the
baby was left in the care of her aunt.  Advocate Tozama Mqobi who lead the team of advocates  said, "We received information regarding
a young woman who had committed an offence. Following an incident of an
attempted rape of her one-year-old niece from Qaga Administrative Area in King
Williams Town.  "As a legal defence team, we are very with today's
outcome because the state met us halfway with the bail unopposed."  "The accused is a university student, a first-time
offender and has no pending cases against her. Furthermore, she is not a flight
risk, has no financial means and won't evade the case."  Children’s rights activist Petros Majola said, "As
Khula Community Development Project  we
welcome this court ruling as it was not her intention to kill or hurt this man
but was rescuing a child from being raped. It is further alleged that the man
had already positioned himself to penetrate when this lady heard a baby crying
from inside the kraal and ran to find out what was happening, she immediately
made some efforts to save the child and it was in that process where life got
lost."  Captain Anelisa Ngcakani National Prosecutions regional
spokeswoman said, “The accused was granted bail. She will be back in court on
29 October."