THE standfoff between the EFF strike against the oepning of Clicks stores reached boiling point when a mlungu gogo pointed a gun at one of the party's supporters  A video taken at the Walmer Park mall in Port Elizabeth shows security guards had to intervene between the mlungu and red berets .  The supporters on the video are shouting. "Go back to Europe or take out your gun."  She then pulled her firearm and pointed at the supporters wearing EFF t-shirts. Guards then raise their hands at the gogo signalling her to put her gun away as the EFF woman is head yelling , “shoot!shoot!” The gogo the puts away her gun and continues walking towards and exit while still accompanied by the guards.  A White Racist women pulled a gun to Fighters at PE Walmer ! pic.twitter.com/vJGg3Hgyj8   Cop spokeswoman Captain Sandra van Rensburg said, "Between 11am and 12noon Walmer SAPS responded to a complaint at Clicks Walmer Park. It appeared that a 52-year-old female was involved in an altercation with EFF supporters at the entrance to Clicks Walmer Park." The officers  subsequently removed the individuals involved in the altercation and transported them to Walmer police station.” A later statement by cops indicated that the EFF returned to the cop shop and opened a case of pointing a firearm against the gogo.  Clicks stores nationwide did not open yesterday as members of the red party heeded the call by their leader on Sunday to occupy all the retailer’s stores.  Clicks has been under fire since images of a hair advert on their website showed black women’s hair in an offensive way compared to that of white women.  News24 in a statement on Tuesday, Clicks CEO Vikesh Ramsunder said all employees responsible for publishing the offensive advertisement had been suspended. Ramsunder said all suspended employees would go through a fair and unbiased disciplinary hearing, overseen by an independent, outside chairperson. He added that Clicks would delist and remove all TRESemmé products from its shelves with immediate effect and would replace them with locally sourced haircare brands of which Clicks "has an extensive range already".  