THE SA Football Association is set to report a R60 million profit at their annual general meeting in December. Safa has predicted they will post a profit of R60 million after the association signed a four-year contract with the SABC. However, the books are still to be audited. Other income streams that have been factored in are Fifa and Confederation of African Football (CAF) relief packages. Safa’s finances look to be heading in a more healthier direction. But the association lost revenue from gate takings because of the lack of activity of national teams due to the Covid-19 pandemic, which forced Fifa to suspend all football in March. At last year’s AGM, Safa recorded a deficit of R96 million, which was the result of the SABC’s contract not being renewed. Safa’s financial year started on 1 July last year to 31 June this year, and the contract with the public broadcaster was signed last October. “Last year we didn’t have the SABC contract, but this financial year we have a contract with SABC,” explained Safa chief financial officer, Gronie Hluyo. “That was an additional revenue for us. Our expenses went down because of the national lockdown and Covid-19 pandemic, as we didn’t have activities since March. “Also, we had to clean up our balance sheet and the process was to look at all liabilities that were on our balance sheet.” Safa’s books are set to be in a better condition next year. The association implemented Section 189 of the Labour Law by retrenching a number of staff members. They were able to save money because many staff took voluntary packages. Also, helping boost Safa coffers is the sponsorship of French sports company Le Coq Sportif’s contract of eight years, with an option of a further two years which will come into effect in next year’s financial statement. While things are starting to look up for Safa, there’s uncertainty about SAA’s sponsorship. SunSport understands that the financially troubled SAA is set to part ways with Safa next year, as their contract is due to end. SAA is set to inform Safa on their position next month. Safa has saved about R15-25 million on flights annually since they signed their contract with SAA in 2016.