SOME of our popular stars have used the lockdown period to be fruitful and multiply, and now are either pregnant or have new babies. Actress Omuhle Gela just welcomed a beautiful baby girl after she gave birth via C-section, while Mafikizolo singer Theo Kgosinkwe and and his wife Vourne Williams are now expecting a child after getting hitched in a private ceremony. Singer Simphiwe Ngema also gave birth and said she had a miracle baby because of her challenges with the pregnancy and hip hop megastar Cassper Nyovest recently welcomed a baby boy named Khotso. The excited new dad named his fifth album AMN (Any Minute Now), referring to the coming birth of his child. ALSO READ | WATCH: CELEBRATES LEVEL 1 Metro FM presenter Pearl Modiadie is also expecting. Although she’s kept mum about her pregnancy, the cat got out of the bag that she will welcome her bundle of joy in a few months’ time. Minnie Dlamini-Jones’ pregnancy news broke the internet last week, as she announced her good news on Twitter. Another star to recently give birth was Generations: The Legacy actress Samela Tyelbooi, who welcomed her third girl into the world. Generations publicist Nandipha Pantsi told Daily Sun Samela was back at work after taking a break to look after her newborn baby. “She’s been back at work for a while now and is excited about her third girl,” Nandipha said. God sent me an angel ?? ???? A post shared by  Omuhle Makaziwe Gela (@omuhlegela) on Sep 12, 2020 at 12:26pm PDT  Let's fucking go!!!! The baddest parents in the game right now!!! Khotso's parents!!!! Khotso Izwe Simba Phoolo!!! Welcome to this world!!! A post shared by  Refiloe Phoolo ???? (@casspernyovest) on Sep 16, 2020 at 4:42am PDT  Some said it’s a boy,some said it’s a girl,some said twins ??,Thank you all for your lovely ?? messages we are humbled and grateful ????. My wife and I are going to have a beautiful ???? baby girl ?????? ????. A post shared by  IAM THEO KGOSINKWE (@theo_kgosinkwe) on Sep 14, 2020 at 4:16am PDT #BabyJones had their 'official' debut on @homegroundmzansimagic last night ?? A post shared by  Minnie (@minniedlamini) on Sep 14, 2020 at 11:22pm PDT  