THE EFF says it’s not responsible for violence at the protests against the racist Clicks advert, blaming evildoers infiltrating the party. It said those who infiltrated its protest action were doing so to damage its image and good name and vowing these elements will be identified and dealt with severely. The party was reacting to a high court interdict against intimidation of Clicks workers and customers, hailing the ruling as a victory for its protest action and saying all protest actions by its members have been peaceful. “The high court resolved to interdict acts of intimidation and violence against employees, customers and the commercial operations of Clicks. The EFF categorically states that we have not engaged in or commissioned any violence against employees, customers or Clicks.” The red berets went on protest action and vowed to shut down stores, but there were scenes of violence and torching which they now are distancing themselves from. Clicks went to court to interdict the party and its leadership, including commander-in-chief Julius Malema. The court gave the peaceful protest the green light but stated employees and customers should not be intimidated. “All members of the EFF have under our instruction engaged in disciplined protests, engaging prospective customers on the racism perpetuated by the entity and engaging workers on the conditions they face while working for Clicks. “The actions of the EFF have been characterised by peaceful protest across all outlets, and to voice dissatisfaction of the violence of racism in the form of a picket does not constitute violence,” it said. The party said its actions and interactions with customers have been peaceful and called upon both private and state law agencies to read the interdict carefully. It said protest action will continue across all Clicks outlets until Friday to ensure the outlets feel the consequences of undermining the identity of black people. “All members and ground forces must intensify efforts to ensure Clicks does not operate and this must be done through peaceful means. Racists can no longer hide from accountability in this country, and we will confront their arrogance.”