FORMER president Jacob Zuma bullied Eskom into cancelling an important meeting that was scheduled to discuss the company’s financial statements. He did this despite knowing that the memorandum of incorporation clearly stated that powers to control Eskom vested with the board. This was revealed by former Eskom board chairman Zola Tsotsi at the Zondo Commission yesterday. He told the commission that Zuma’s call came on the eve of the 26 February, 2014, meeting. “He stated he had been trying to get in touch with then minister Lynne Brown, but was unsuccessful. He then asked for the meeting not to take place on 26 February,” said Tsotsi. He said Zuma told him he also tried to contact the deputy minister, who was also not available. “He told me I’d be contacted by the acting DG, but he was just giving me a forewarning that the meeting won’t take place,” he said. Tsotsi said indeed the acting DG called him and said Brown wanted the meeting postponed. He said he did not ask Zuma for reasons for the cancellation, as he did not have a formal business relationship with him. Tsotsi told the commission of another call he received from Zuma through former SAA chairwoman, Dudu Myeni, on 7 March 2015 telling him the former president wanted to see him urgently at his residence in KZN. “When I arrived there and I found Myeni, her son Thalente and Nick Linell,” he said. Tsotsi said Myeni said Zuma was concerned that Eskom was not providing accurate information to the war room and wanted certain executives suspended. “I was hearing this for the very first time. I was shocked. I protested against the idea of suspension,” said Tsotsi. He said she mentioned Tshediso Matona, Dan Marokane and Matshela Koko as people to be removed. Tsotsi also told the commission about a call he received from Tony Gupta, who told him they had powers to get rid of him if he didn’t want to work with them. He said this was after Tony had wanted a particular individual to be appointed in the procurement department without following processes.