GLOVES are off! This is how one may sum up the sale of Highlands Park to businessman Tim Sukazi of TS Galaxy. SunSport understands that Sinky Mnisi appeared before the PSL executives on Monday where he was interrogated on his disapproval of the sale of the Premiership club. The information reaching SunSport is that the club’s co-director has written to the league expressing his protest against the team being sold “behind his back”. When contacted for comment, Mnisi did not want to divulge much about the meeting with the PSL, only to say the matter is being handled by his lawyers who will be liaising with the league. “Yes, I can confirm the fact that I was called by the league into a meeting on Monday and put up my case. There was consultative correspondence with the league but the response and outcome thereof will be sent to my legal team.” It is, however, unclear when will the league respond to Mnisi’s legal team but indications are that the fight for the sale of the club might take longer than anticipated. It is believed that the announcement was due to be made today whether the PSL has ratified or declined the proposed purchasing of the Tembisa-based club. “Sinky brought his lawyers along and they are demanding a lot of documents from club’s majority shareholder Brad Kaftel,” our informant said. “There has been a long list of items that Sinky is demanding to see, like documents of how much was the club sold for and who determined the value price of the club, based on what? “Furthermore there was an issue of alleged debts of the club, and who do they owe. Surprisingly he said he hasn’t seen a copy of proof of payments from the buyer, and to which account it was paid.” Legal experts consulted by SunSport said Mnisi might be in a tight corner but it will be difficult for him to win the case, especially that he is a minority shareholder. “When the people who contributing financially to the running of the club say they are no longer able to sustain running the club and opted to sell, then Mnisi cannot stop them. Much as he has a case to fight for, but it will be difficult for him to win it,” said our expert. The PSL is expected to make an announcement either on Wednesday or Thursday about the sale of the cub. Mnisi has always been vocal that he will not allow the sale of the club go without a fight. His argument was for a buyer to be looked internally first or fellow shareholders who were no longer interested in football to sell their shares before considering outsiders. Kaftel sounded surprised that Mnisi was called to a meeting with the PSL and has since promised to come back to us with his comment.