ORLANDO Pirates might not be in the race for the Absa Premiership title, but they still have a lot of riding on their final match this weekend. The Soweto giants, whose inconsistency has been the hallmark of their season so far, have an opportunity to finish on a positive note. They are chasing a top three finish, which would secure continental football next season as they would qualify for the Caf Confederation Cup. This would go a long way in easing some of the disappointment they have endured this campaign, having being unable to challenge for the title like the past season. Bucs currently sit fourth on log standings, a solitary point adrift of the final continental spot that is occupied by SuperSport United at the moment. Bidvest Wits, who are equal in points with Bucs but currently sit in fifth place on goal difference, also have their sight firmly set on that third position. Pirates will head into their final league match against Stellenbosch FC at Emirates Airline Park tomorrow, fully aware that anything other than a win puts them at a disadvantage. Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer is optimistic that his side can finish strong, having build good momentum with two wins in as many matches. “I think it’s important that we now have two wins in the last two matches,” said Zinnbauer. “We now have the last game and it’s even more important that we take the three points from that particular game. “We would have nine points from three matches and the season would not look too bad. We have a good chance of finishing in third place and qualify for Caf Confederation Cup, so we have to take this chance. That is the target that we have in the last game.” The German mentor is pleased with the return to form of his top marksman Gabadinho Mhango, who scored the late winner against Maritzburg United last time out. Mhango, who has scored 15 league goals this season for the Buccaneers, had not scored since the resumption of football. The Malawian is tied with Highlands Park striker Peter Shalulile at the top of the scorers’ charts, as the race for the Golden Boot award goes down to the wire. “As a coach, you are happy when you make a change like Gabba (Mhango) and he scores the winning goal,” added Zinnbauer. “I also have to compliment Paseka Mako, who returned from injury and played a good game. Siphesihle Ndlovu also played well and deserved the man of the match award.”