DESPITE missing out on automatic promotion this past weekend, Ajax Cape Town’s goal still remains the same, returning to the Absa Premiership. The players believe that not all is lost as they are now going to try their luck again in the promotion-relegation play-offs, starting on Sunday (3pm) at the Rand Stadium. “After the final whistle last Sunday, we were devastated,” said Abednego Mosiatlhaga, who finished the GladAfrica Championship as a top goal scorer with 18 goals. “But as professionals, we have put that in the past and focus on what is at stake. Right now we have to regroup and soldier on, we MUST be playing in the Absa Premiership next season.” Ajax topped the Championship standings for 15 weeks, but were pipped by Swallows on the final day of fixtures. They ended with the same number of points 57. The Birds won the Championship with a narrow superior goal difference of plus-one. Both Championship contenders won their last league matches 3-0. Ajax defeated Mbombela United, while the Birds beat Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) by the same margin. Had the Urban Warriors won 4-0 they, would have been promoted. Mosiatlhaga, who played a sterling role last season helping Stellenbosch FC win automatic promotion to the top-flight, admitted that playing the remainder of the season in the bio-bubble in Gauteng was difficult for them as they could not get desired results. In six games in the bubble, they lost three and won three matches, which saw Swallows catching them at the top. Both Premiership and Championship clubs completed their respective seasons in the bio bubble last month, after all PSL matches were suspended in March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. However, Ajax have now shifted their focus to the play-offs, where they will play TTM and the team that finish in position 15 in the PSL. TTM will be in the play-offs for the second time in a row, as they reached the same stage last season. But that does not faze Mosiatlhaga and his side remain focused on their goal. However, it will be no easy journey for them as TTM still have the core of the experienced players who were at the play-offs last season. And if Ajax fail again, it means they will spend a third season in the Championship. “As a team, we are in the right frame of mind now and we’re looking forward to the first playoff game against TTM,” said the player who turned 26 yesterday. “We need to win the first game and then we will see who is next. It doesn’t matter which team from the PSL will join us (in the play-offs). What we know is that we are in this to win it.”