LEHLOGONOLO “Ma Heineken” Thobejane (20) from Zebediela in Limpopo is the founder of the Wo Ke Mmele Waka campaign, aimed at stopping body shaming of plus-sized women around Mzansi. Lehlogonolo said she wanted to educate people and highlight the consequences of body shaming plus-sized women. “Apart from being called names, many plus-sized women don’t appreciate their looks, which becomes a serious problem. “This caters for all plus-sized women, despite their ages.” Lehlogonolo said it was unfortunate that many children grew up thinking people with big bodies were sick or targets for disease. “It’s crucial that we take that stigma from our children, so they can see things the other way round. We are fresh and healthy, just like everyone else.” She said she loved her body and that completed her. Lehlogonolo’s primary and secondary school days were not easy. “People would call me names and boo me.” She said it was a very difficult time and she even did illegal things. “I would smoke weed, hoping it could better my body. My body remained as it is until I learnt to appreciate how I look and what God gave me. “I was fortunate because I had people in my corner who would help me overcome such challenges. I always rely on my skills to tell plus-sized women we can do great things. Plus-sized women are too sexy and their body features makes them more beautiful and attractive,” she told Daily Sun. Lehlogonolo said some would call her winter stock, which just made her even stronger. “To me that was a joke and I never took it seriously.” She also used to love dancing with all her heart, but could not perform as she wished. “I would become a topic in my village for not being able to make great moves,” she said. But she said with her passion for dancing today, she’s a well-known dancer and entertainer. “I use my body to entertain people at functions and I’m able to create a good income for myself.” She pleaded with plus-sized women to be strong and ignore all people’s negative comments. LEHLOGONOLO Thobejane (20) from Zebediela in Limpopo is the founder of the Wo Ke Mmele Waka campaign, aimed at stopping body shaming of plus-sized women around Mzansi. Thobejane said he wanted to educate people and highlight the consequences of body shaming plus-sized women came across in their daily lives. “Apart from being called names, many plus-sized women don’t appreciate their looks, which becomes a serious stress. This caters for all plus-sized women, despite their ages.” Lehlogonolo said it was unfortunate that many children grew up thinking people with big bodies were sick or targets for disease. “It is crucial that we take that stigma from our children so they can see things the other way round. We are fresh and healthy, just like everyone else.” She said she loved her body and that completed her. Her primary and secondary school days weren’t easy at all. “People would call me by names and booed me.” She said it was a very difficult time and she even did illegal things which could ruin her life. “I would smoke weed, hoping it could better my body. My body remained as it is until I learnt to appreciate how I look and what God gave me. “It was fortunate for me, because I had people in my corner who would help me overcome such challenges. I always rely on my skills to encourage my plus-sized women we can do great things well-created women cannot do. Plus-sized women are too sexy and their body features makes them more beautiful and attractive.” Lehlogonolo said some would call her winter stock, which just made her even stronger. “To me that was a joke and I never took it seriously at all.” She also used to love dancing with all her heart but couldn’t perform as she wished. “I would become a topic in my village for not being able to make great moves.” But she said with her passion for dancing today, she’s a well-known dancer and entertainer. “I use my body to entertain people at functions and I’m able to create a good income for myself.” She pleaded with plus-sized women to be strong and ignore all people’s negative comments. “It is crucial that we appreciate how God created us and move on with our lives,” she said, urging others to come on board and form part of her campaign.