SWALLOWS FC chairman David Mogashoa confirmed yesterday they have pulled out of the R5,4 million sponsorship deal with information technology firm IN2ITTechnologies. The firm had a three-year deal with the Dube Birds worth R150 000 monthly since the start of the season, but Mogashoa said their U-turn from the contract came about following City Press’ report of their alleged irregular tender with the Gauteng provincial government. The technology firm alleged to have scored a R30m irregular tender with the provincial government that was apparently secured within two hours, where due processes were not followed. Mogashoa said they have already alerted the IT company on Sunday about their intent to terminate “without pre-empting they are guilty of anything”. Yesterday that was when the deal was officially terminated, though Mogashoa said the IT company was unhappy with their abrupt end of relationship. And with Panyaza Lesufi, the provincial Education MEC who is involved with Swallows, the politician opted to distance himself from the club to avoid fingers pointed at him by virtue of being member of government. In his letter yesterday, Lesufi said it has come to his attention that “a company that sponsors a soccer team that I am involved with” is fingered in a tender dispute with the provincial government. The MEC said he was not involved in the tender “nor was I lobbied by the company of the department of e-goverment to support the bid”. “...as a person who strongly believe in leadership beyond reproach. I have since asked Swallows FC to immediately resume the legal and administrative process to terminate the R150k per month sponsorship, without necessarily insinuating that the company is guilty or not,” Lesufi said in a statement. “It must be stated when the team was registered with the PSL, I recused myself from the ownership of the team. As a leader of society, our actions, publicly and privately, should not leave doubt in the minds of our people about our commitment to clean government and the need to protect state resources.” Mogashoa said they told IN2ITTechnologies to terminate their relationship: “We distance ourselves from such scandals. Swallows is such young a brand and we cannot afford be involved in such.”