Actress Brenda Ngxoli remembers her time on SABC1 comedy show Ses'TopLa, when she played Pinky. She said she cycled to the audition because she was low on funds. Fortunately, she got the role and she said her co-stars, Warren Masemola and Busi Lurayi were there for her. "Warren would pick me up every morning and give me a lift to work. Because I mostly roll solo in life, during this period Warren would insist I be his date (if there were function) or at times second date.... much love to his beautiful wife," she wrote. She went on to thank her other co-stars, like Jason Goliath, Judy Ditch and Trevor Gumbi. Brenda won her first SAFTA award for acting in a comedy. Read: WATCH: FANS MEET THE DRUNK BOITY! Kindly allow me to throw some ? to #Sestopla Family.... when I was Pinky aka Pikzairo from PE. I cycled to this audition because at the time I was Low on Funds even though I was living in a Boutique Hotel. Obviously I got .......... at!!! . .......... But Warren Masemola and Busi Lurayi were there for me. (Warren would pick me up Every morning and give me a Lift to work). Because I mostly Roll Solo in life . During this period Warren would insist I be his date ( if there were functions ) or at times 2nd date.... much ? to his Beautiful wife ?? @busi_lurayi Andizuthetha noThetha.?????? Oh Judy... oh Judy... How many times did I cry to you .... thanks for your ? and advice....@judyditch Here I was met by a highly talented and Successful Team and went on to win my first #Safta in a Comedy..... @blackbrain_sa , @Jasongoliath @trevohgumbi " one Banana Two Banana " Who remembers this? @owens333 I could not finish this post without thanking you for your Guidance .... Emotional Financial and Professional Support during, before and After this Period . Thank you ?? Anyhoo Eke her maar net aan julle gedink(sigh) ek lekker hard gelag. ????????? #DankieAlmal #LiefdeAlmal???????? #stayhomestaysafe A post shared by  Brenda Ngxoli ???????????????? (@brendangxoli) on Apr 24, 2020 at 11:27pm PDT 