MZANSI’S Olympic hero Josia Thugwane has tyre company Bridgestone to thank for helping him feed his family. It has been a struggle for him to put food on the table since his glory days when he became Mzansi’s first black athlete to get an Olympic gold medal, after winning the marathon at the Atlanta 1996 Games in the US. He is currently unemployed, and says he is available to serve as a mentor, coach or in an ambassadorial capacity. The retired 48-year-old athlete from Mpumalanga received one important phone call to become the tyre giant’s Olympic ambassador. Although the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and the Japanese Local Organising Committee(LOC) jointly, postponed the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games until 2021, Thugwane will continue with his role until the games take place before the end of next year. Multiple Olympic gold medalist Caster “Cobra” Semenya and SA prominent rower and Olympic silver medalist Lawrence Brittain, joined Thugwane as part of the three Olympic ambassadors for the tyre company. An almost forgotten Thugwane, said he will forever be grateful to Bridgestone for hunting him down and bringing him back into the spotlight once again. Said Thugwane: “Most athletes in Mzansi have forgotten that I still exist. They didn’t even know of my whereabouts, what I’m doing and where I’m based at. “They only know of the stories and pictures of my Olympic moments. I want to thank Bridgestone for bringing me back to the public eye. This will enable fans, athletes, coaches and all the citizens of this country to know that I’m still around and able to make a telling contribution to Mzansi athletics,” he said. “I’m always available to advise and mentor up-and-coming athletes to dare to dream.” Thugwane, who clocked 2:12:36 to win the 42,2km marathon in the US, becoming an instant hit and the face of SA athletics at the time, says that it will take many years to produce a runner who can win an Olympic medal. But he is impressed with local marathon sensation Stephen Mokoka, who finished fifth at the IAAF world championships in Doha, Qatar last year. Mokoka clocked 2:11:09 to receive a wild card into the Olympic Games in Japan, 2021. “I doubt if we can produce another Thugwane. But in Mokoka we have a runner, who has a lot of potential. “And with all the support, he too can get on the podium,” Thugwane told SunSport.