THEY have been stranded at the Mamelodi Baptist Church since a devastating flood last year left them homeless. On Tuesday more than 50 victims, together with many Mamelodi West residents, packed the church hoping to get food parcels. Some residents left empty-handed after the parcels ran out. The food parcels were distributed by the Collen Mashawana Foundation, which donated masks and clothes to residents and those living in the church. The foundation previously donated blankets and mattresses to flood victims. Senior pastor at the church, Thembelani Jentile, said when the lockdown started last month the church realised there were many needy residents and decided to offer meals. He said the church had assessed who in the community should get parcels and targeted the most vulnerable. “People are hungry. You can imagine that when they see something they’re worried that they’ll be left out. We kept calming them down and making them aware that, unfortunately, not everyone will get food parcels,” he said. Jentile said they didn’t have the capacity to cater for everyone. “We’re working with the voucher system and it helps us a bit, otherwise we’d have a stampede,” he said. Resident Fortunate Sathekge (40) said she was relieved to have received a food parcel. “My four children and I were facing starvation. We were living on handouts from neighbours who’re also struggling,” she said. Fortunate said she registered for food vouchers but had not received anything. “There were people going door to door who said they were from the Department of Social Development. They wrote down our names and never came back. I’m very grateful for what the church and the foundation have done for us,” she said. Mashawana, the foundation’s founder and chairman, said while they’d like to assist everyone in the area they couldn’t. He said they work with government to meet everyone’s needs. “We’re also encouraging other citizens and community members to assist one another. As the Collen Mashawana Foundation, we can only do so much,” he said.