Sunscreen is probably the best anti-aging defense available for your skin. This is because it protects the skin from the sun’s invisible rays that cause skin damage. In addition to the visible light we get from the sun, we also get invisible rays UVA and UVB. UVA (think A for Aging) can penetrate deep into the skin and cause premature aging, sun spots, and hyper pigmentation. UVB (think B for Burn) is the invisible ray that causes sunburn and tends to damage the skin.  It also plays a key role in the formation of skin cancer cells. Here are 5 reasons to wear sunscreen: 1. To protect from UVA rays that cause premature aging The skin is made up of different proteins called collagen and elastin, and as we age, these proteins get thinner, and wrinkles and fine lines emerge. Turns out that this process is dramatically sped up by exposure to the sun. 2. To protect form UV rays that cause skin cancer Skin cancer may not always be a top concern for people with darker skin because we have more melanin. The truth is that melanin does offer some protection from UVB rays, but it is by no means full proof and it does not protect from the sun’s UVA rays. 3. To prevent post inflammatory hyper pigmentation These are the dark spots that stay on after acne has healed. When inflamed skin (acne) is exposed to UVA rays, melanin forming cells in the skin are stimulated to produce excess melanin. After the acne has healed, the skin in the afflicted area becomes darker than its surrounding skin. Wearing sunscreen prevents this hyper pigmentation. 4. To protect delicate skin if you are using any chemical exfoliants like retinol (vitamin A), alpha hydroxy acids, or vitamin C product These are ingredients that exfoliate the skin, resulting in the exposure of layers of younger skin. This new skin is more sensitive to sunlight and must be protected. Even if you are using your chemical exfoliant at night, it is essential to use sunscreen during the day. 5. To maintain a clear and even skin tone An uneven complexion can be the outcome of sun exposure as the skin can develop hyper pigmentation after as little as 5-10 minutes in the sun. Wearing sunscreen routinely prevents dark spots from forming. 