DAN “Dance” Malesela has been linked to Mamelodi Sundowns’ head coaching position in the midst of the club’s contractual poser with Pitso Mosimane, that allegedly hit a negotiating deadlock. It has been widely reported that Mosimane and Sundowns have not come to an agreement over renewing his contract which expires with the season, and now the name of another respected South African coach Malesela has been bandied about. According to an official close to developments at Sundowns, Malesela’s name has been mentioned as a potential replacement should Mosimane opt to end his successful stint with the Brazilians. Our source said Mosimane still remained Patrice Motsepe’s favourite, however, everyone at Chloorkop was still surprised why his contract had not been extended. When asked for comment, Malesela said he has not been contacted by the Brazilians but gave the impression that he would be happy to be employed by the club. According to Malesela, he has always been open for offers from any club in the PSL, or even in the GladAfrica Championship, where he last coached TS Galaxy and led them to qualification for the CAF Confederation Cup. This he achieved by breaking the records and led Tim Sukazi’s side to the 2019 Nedbank Cup victory against Kaizer Chiefs, something that had not happened in over 20 years. “It is no secret that I am a very big Sundowns fan, but they still have a coach employed at this stage. “I wouldn’t want to be seen to be gunning for Pitso’s job,” Malesela said. “Look, I am open to offers from any club. Even if Sundowns would make me an offer I would take it if they don’t have a coach. “I have heard a lot of rumours about clubs that are in need of my services, but I have not received any offer. “I must say, there have been approaches from other big clubs in the PSL and lower divisions, but nothing has been formalised.” Malesela has also made himself available for the Chippa United job after Norman Mapeza unceremoniously resigned and Siviwe Mpengesi brought Rhulani Mokwena. “I meant it that I was willing to go back to Chippa, even though I did not have the best of times there,” Malesela said. “It’s all about coaching techniques, something that I pride myself with. Look at how we transformed TS Galaxy. Even at Chippa, something just went wrong and I still don’t blame the chairman.” SunSport reported recently that Black Leopards had made an offer to Malesela but the two parties could not agree on terms of employment, which saw Alan Clark remaining at the helm today. It has come to SunSport’s attention that AmaZulu have also enquired about Malesela’s availability for the job, after Usuthu put their coach Jozef Vukusic on indefinite “special leave”. Now with Vukusic having trouble with his employers after SunSport reported yesterday that his agent Ratshibvumo “Rush” Mulovhedzi is demanding money from the club following the latter’s deal gone wrong with the former, it comes as no surprise that Usuthu could be looking elsewhere. According to our source, it is just a matter of time before Malesela gets a call from Chloorkop, but that will only depend on the final outcome between Mosimane and his current employers. Malesela is currently at home without a job after resigning from TS Galaxy. 