NKOMAZI residents in Mpumalanga are trying to pick up the pieces after a heavy storm accompanied by hail damaged their houses at the weekend. More than 80 houses were left roofless and the windows broken. This is the second time in two weeks that a storm has damaged houses in the area. The area has been identified as the epicentre of Covid-19 in the province, and residents are worried how they’re going to fix their houses during the lockdown. Nompumelelo Chauke (37) said while they preparing to go to sleep on Sunday, heavy rain started. She said they saw the roof blowing off and when they tried to run away, some of the pieces hit them on their heads. “The roof was blown away and we got injured in the process. Everything has been damaged in the house. We don’t know how we’re going to fix the houses since the country is in a lockdown. We’re appealing to government to help us fix the damage so our lives can go back to normal again,” she said. Nompumelelo said they relied on her husband’s income and it was going to be hard for them to survive. She said they didn’t even have enough money to buy food. Meanwhile, gogo Mavis Mondlane (61) told Daily Sun the damage was a setback for her since she was planning to continue renovating her house.  “I’m very hurt and I don’t know what to do. I don’t have any plan for now. Only God knows how I will overcome this situation. It’s hard because I’m not even working.” Gogo said they reported the damage to their local councillor, and they hoped government will help them. Nkomazi municipal spokesman Cyril Ripinga said several households have been badly damaged. “As we speak, we’ve seen that 80 houses are damaged. However, we noticed about 18 houses need urgent intervention. What we’re doing as a municipality is to ensure those who need urgent help receive it. “We have given food parcels to those who don’t have food,” he said. Ripinga said the municipality was appealing to provincial government to intervene in terms of housing, especially for people who couldn’t afford to rebuild their houses. “We realised there are a number of households that need proper housing. There are those who can buy building materials themselves and we are going to give them permits. We don’t want them to suffer the cold during this rainy season,” said Ripinga.