A STASH of food parcels has been found hidden inside the Mangaung Municipality offices in Free State. It is alleged that the parcels were going to be distributed by ANC councillors to boost their political support. Mangaung Democratic Alliance (DA) Councillor Prof Fief van der Merwe, who uncovered the stash, said there were attempts to intimidate him when he took the pictures. "Individuals in yellow overalls posing as security guards attempted to prevent me from taking pictures of the food parcels. Attempts were also made to intimidate me and take my telephone from me," he said. DA's MPL in the Free State legislature Leona Kleynhans said this comes after the Mangaung administrator,  Mzwakhe Mofokeng, had indicated to the DA that no food parcels were being purchased by the municipality. "The political nature of food parcel distribution in the Free State remains a serious concern to the DA. The ANC-run provincial government and municipalities have a history of abusing state resources for party political purposes and conflating the boundaries of political party and state, " said Kleynhans. She said labeled the actions of the security guards as "devious and secretive". Kleynhans said how food parcels were managed in Mangaung supports the allegations and evidence of food parcel abuse in the Free State. Municipality spokesman Qondile Khedama told Daily Sun on Wednesday that the municipality has not purchased any food parcels to be distributed in communities. "The municipality has no money to buy food parcels. If there are councillors that are distributing food parcels they are doing so with their own money and it is their initiative," he said. Khedama said the municipality was not involved in such a drive. Kleynhans said her party has compiled a report based on information received from DA councillors in various municipalities across the province about food parcel distribution. "This report paints a picture of abuse, the lack of transparency, and even coercion regarding the distribution of food support in municipalities," she said. Kleynhans said there was a lack of clear criteria or procedures for the distribution of food parcels to residents who require these most and there was no transparency in the management of food parcel acquisition and distribution across the province. "The DA regards the use of people's hunger as a tool to benefit politicians as a sinister and cynical abuse of power and a crime against these desperate people," said Kleynhans.