THE South African Football Association’s (Safa) alleged decision to effect retrenchments, via the Section 189 process, is said to have divided the mother body in the middle. High-ranking administrators are also said to be leaving the association. The cash-strapped national association is alleged to be in the process of cutting down their staff and contract workers. This as the lockdown continues to paralyse the world, resulting in more financial losses for Safa. Safa went cap in hand to government and world football mother body Fifa, in serious need of funds to keep the organisation afloat. They will get a bailout from the relief fund after they applied. A R150 million relief fund has been set up by Sports, Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa. The fund is meant to help all bodies and athletes who have seen their events cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. Acting Safa CEO Gay Mokoena denied allegations that Safa had started sending out retrenchment letters to affected staff members, as they are said to be faced with massive financial constraints. “I’m not aware of that,” Mokoena said, but admitted they had applied for the government’s relief fund. “We received a letter from the government, as well as from Sascoc, saying we could apply for assistance for those who have lost income because of postponed events,” he said. This means Safa will be able to cater for losses suffered by the SA Under-23s, SA U-17 Women after these teams’ matches were called off. The fund will also cover Safa’s referees, who are not permanently employed by the football association, as they get their income through officiating Premier Soccer League matches. Those PSL matches have been suspended as well. David Notoane’s Under-23 side were set to jet off to face Japan in February, but the Olympic Games were postponed to next year. Bantwana (Under-17 girls) were set to host Botswana in the World Cup qualifiers on 14 March at Bidvest Stadium, but that event has also been called off. Bafana, who were set to face Sao Tome e Principe in back-to-back Cameroon 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, have been excluded.That’s because players have got contracts with their respective clubs. Explained Mokoena: “Remember, Bafana were going to Sao Tome, the women’s Under-17, and so forth. “Some of those teams and the technical people who came in and camp and are not employed elsewhere. They qualify to get assistance from government for loss of income.” “This included players from Banyana, who are playing in the Sasol League, and playing in the National Women’s League because they don’t have income. They only earn money when they play for Banyana.”