EASTERN Cape boxing outfit, Rumble Africa Promotions (RAP), will lend a hand to help needy boxers in this time of distress caused by Covid-19. The award-winning promotions outfit will give six fighters, whose fights were cancelled, social relief vouchers. RAP boxers who stand to benefit are Azinga Fuzile, Ludumo Lamati, Ayabonga Sonjica, Siyakholwa Kuse, Luyanda Ntwanambi, Athenkosi Thongwana The cancelled boxing bill was scheduled for Nelson Mandela Bay Metro this weekend, but had to be scrapped due to the coronavirus outbreak. The tournament would have seen Fuzile make his ring return after a devastating eighth round knockout defeat against Russian Shavkatdzhon Rakhimov in September. The bill would also have coincided with RAP chief executive officer (CEO) Nomfesane Nyathela’s birthday. “The outbreak of the coronavirus has negatively impacted all sporting events around the world,” said Nyathela. “Most have been cancelled, leaving athletes around the world devastated. RAP suffered the same fate as it was scheduled to stage its second tournament this year in the Nelson Mandela Metro this weekend.” Although there will be no exchange of blows this weekend, RAP said the party will go on. “The promotions company will celebrate its birthday in style,” she said. “The president has called upon all of us to do whatever little we can to help those who have been negatively affected by the pandemic. What better way than to start with our boxers who depend solely on the money they earn through boxing to make a living for themselves and their families.” According to Nyathela, the social relief vouchers will come in the form of monetary packages. Meanwhile, the fighters who were meant to participate in this event did not qualify for the Department of Sport, Arts, Culture and Recreation’s R150 million relief fund for athletes and artists as it had not yet been sanctioned by Boxing South Africa (BSA). RAP has called on South Africans to observe the lockdown regulations by staying at home.