FORMER Black Leopards star Christopher “Matari” Netshidzivhe has made unfounded allegations, blaming Lidoda Duvha management for the team’s poor performances this season and not the players, or technical team. Leopards are bottom of the Absa Premiership and could see themselves playing in the GladAfrica Championship after spending only two seasons in the top flight, if their form does not improve when the league resumes after the coronavirus pandemic ends. The 39-year-old Netshidzivhe yesterday told SunSport that hiring and firing of coaches this season by club management is the reason Leopards are in this predicament. This season, Leopards chairman David Thidiela hired five coaches. They started the season with Frenchman Lionel Soccoia, who was fired together with his assistant Patrick Mabedi and team manager Mlungisi “Professor” Ngubane after they were only in charge for five league matches. Leopards’ long serving assistant coach Morgan Shivambu took over from Soccoia on an interim basis. Shivambu was at helm for only two matches before former Free State Stars coach Luc Eymael was hired. The Belgium-born mentor took over for only seven matches before he resigned. Then Thidiela hired former AmaZulu coach Cavin Johnson, but the 61-year-old was shown the door after overseeing five matches as well. Johnson’s assistant Alan Clark was then placed in charge and is still holding the reins. “The problem at Leopards is management,” said Netshidzivhe, who was well known as a free kick specialist during his decade stay at Leopards. “The team is struggling to get used to one coach’s style of play. When the (team) starts getting used to a coach, then the coach gets fired. “And when a new coach comes, the team has to rebuild from the start again. They (Leopards management) need to give coaches a chance.” The under pressure Clark appears to be the one Thidiela trusts to save his club from relegation. Netshidzivhe said it’s now up to Clark’s lads to save Leopards from relegation. “I have a full trust in Clark,” said Netshidzivhe. “Yes, he is young. But he has been doing well and the players seem to understand him. “But at the end of the day, it’s up to the players to do their job and help Leopards to move away from the danger zone.”