AS football leagues around the world abandon their seasons and others mull over resumption dates, there is no word yet from the PSL. As things stand, Mzansi is shifting to level 4 of the coronavirus lockdown regulations, but sadly no lift on the ban of public gatherings. This is as local football continues to bleed financially under the strain of inactivity. Talk is growing that the League might consider staging matches behind closed doors. However, that is if government eases the lockdown regulations further, depending on developments on the medical side. Just to recap, South Africa’s risk-adjusted strategy is comprised of five levels to determine the risk and infection rate nationally. A drop to level three could further ease regulations and allow for the possibility of football resumption. Whether or not such a decision would be wise is open for debate. Germany are already looking to play matches behind closed doors. Fifa’s medical panel head Michael D’Googhe has suggested leagues should avoid playing competitive football in the coming weeks, warning a swift resumption could have consequences of “life and death”. The Dutch Eredivisie has been abandoned while the French leagues have been cancelled also with no relegation or promotion. That must be piece of good news for Bongani Zungu’s Amiens SC, who have avoided possible relegation from Ligue 1. But on a serious note, it becomes a totally different scenario in Mzansi where the SA Football Association (Safa) doesn’t seem to have complete control of football in the country. Any decision on the resumption of professional football could well put Safa and it’s associate member, PSL, at odds. Safa president Danny Jordaan has noted the country is shifting to level 4 lockdown tomorrow, explaining “that makes it impossible to even think about playing matches”. “For now we must at least rule out any activity in June and perhaps after that we can expect some movement in terms of plans to resume play,” Jordaan was quoted. But is he speaking for the entire football or is he referring only to the amateur leagues, run by Safa? Will he run to big brother Fifa to rein in the PSL, should the League decide on a resumption date? Safa is also suffering financially, with the decision to cut staff salaries by 15%. Jordaan is already facing bigger problems, if the leaked letter of the ex-CEO Gay Mokoena to the Safa NEC is anything to go by. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso