THE SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) has suspended its controversial acting president Barry Hendricks. Following an urgent board meeting in the morning, Sascoc decided to relieve Hendricks of his duties with immediate effect. Sascoc acting CEO Ravi Govender confirmed the news of Hendricks’ suspension. Sascoc are now leaderless and will convene an urgent board meeting this week to appoint an interim CEO according to their constitution. The board were pushing for his suspension at all costs. Hendricks is being accused of abusing his Sascoc powers. His political interference in the Sascoc elections, has brought the organization into disrepute. The board took a step to suspended him after he allegedly wrote three letters two of them to the Minister of Sports and Recreation Nathi Mthethwa and the other one to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) without their approval. The last straw that broke the camel’s back was when he wrote a letter to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and International Paralympic Committee (IOC) to request for Sascoc’s elections to be conducted online without the board’s approval. A board member that wished to remain unanimous said Hendricks was a law unto himself: “He was power hungry and did as he pleased without consulting the board. "Good riddance, the man was single handily collapsing the organization and he had to be stopped before it’s too late. Everyone in the board wanted him out in order to stop the rot,” said the board member. In February, Hendricks met with Tennis SA (TSA) President Gavin Crookes to influence TSA and its board not to endorse their board member Ntambi Ravele as a Sascoc presidential candidate. His actions were deemed unlawful as he is a fellow nominee himself and at the same time he was the acting president of Sascoc. Ravele and her legal team launched a complain to the Minister of sports. As a results of that complain, Hendricks will be taken to arbitration after the lockdown to explain himself. “We can confirm that we had a board meeting in the morning to deliberate on issues regarding the elections. It’s true that the board has suspended Mr Hendricks. We are currently in the process of informing all our stake holders and we will map the way forward from there,” said Govender.