 GAY Mokoena has lambasted Safa president Danny Jordaan in a 16-page exit report where he further accused the football governing body of "violating its own constitution by not having a permanent CEO or an Acting CEO". The former acting Safa CEO laid bare his five months in charge of the association where he questioned a number of Jordaan's administrative conduct. Though still a sitting Safa national executive member (NEC) and association's vice-president, Mokoena was not shy of challenging Jordaan's conduct after firing him on 15 April, his last day in office. Though Mokoena has been labelled as being a bitter ex, he dismissed such and claims it was not "sour grapes as the president requested me to vacate the Acting CEO position on 15 April". He confirmed that he was consulted to act in the position last year "during the weekend of the 26/27 October" and started in November. According to the leaked report, Mokoena claims to have been deployment during the NEC deliberations, which was three-fold: 1. To assist with the further development and the implementation of a Financial Recovery Plan after we had recorded a loss of R72 million at the end of the financial year in June 2019. 2. To assist the president recruit a permanent CEO as soon as possible. I had indicated that my availability will be for a short period of approximately three or four months. I had estimated that we would have found a suitable candidate by the end of this period. 3. To carry out the normal duties of the SAFA secretariat/ administration. But he was forced to stay on beyond his stipulated months and efforts to appoint a permanent CEO drew a blank as Jordaan was away on duty at the time of the due date of the adverts they published seeking a full-time staffer. And that is when he was advised to stay on until 15 April when a new CEO was yet to be appointed.  "I was concerned that I had to exit on the same day and there was no one to hand over to," Mokoena wrote in his report. "Therefore, I enquired with the president who was going to act. He advised me that Gronie Hluyo would act without getting the allowance of acting as a CEO. "Whilst this could be a saving for the association, it is regrettably violating the organisation’s Human Resource and Remuneration policy. Nevertheless, Hluyo was not appointed as an Acting CEO, but he was appointed as a Supervisor/Co-ordinator. These position(s) do not exist in the organogram of the organisation." According to him, he has noted that Jordaan also requested members of the NEC "to submit CVs of potential candidates for the position on 20 April". "As we are all aware, this confirms that Safa does not have either a permanent CEO or an Acting CEO as I write this report. Safa is a national organisation without a head of administration," Mokoena argued. "The position of CEO or Secretary General is a (constitutional) position imposed by the Constitution of the Association. It is very important to the organisation. This means that, at the moment, Safa is violating its own constitution by not having a permanent CEO or an Acting CEO. There should be always a CEO (or an Acting CEO) and a president (or an Acting President) at Safa. There cannot be a vacuum for these positions." He said Jordaan dismissed him on a rationale of saving costs without a mandate or authority from the NEC. "The president did so without consulting any member of the NEC," he said. "He removed the Acting CEO on his own, without authority or mandate whatsoever. By doing so, the president acted beyond his authority (ultra vires) of his mandate as prescribed by the constitution. Therefore, the president violated Clause 37.3 of the Safa Statutes." Mokoena further raised questions of Jordaan's action of dismissing him: • Why did Jordaan act alone in removing an Acting CEO of the organisation? • Why did Jordaan ignore consulting the NEC for a such a major decision? • Why is Jordaan only consulting the NEC five days or so later, after dismissing the Acting CEO? • Why is Jordaan suggesting a new process of getting names from the NEC? What happened to the headhunting process? • It seems from the 20 April 2020 correspondence that Jordaan would like to finalise the appointment of a permanent CEO during the lockdown period. Why is there all of a sudden, an urgency to appoint a permanent CEO (when an Acting CEO was in place) during the coronavirus lockdown period? Is this appointment of a permanent CEO during the lockdown not going to bring back the costs of the CEO position the president was eliminating in the first place? "The president instructed the Acting CEO to ignore legal procedure to rationalise staff. In other words, the president gave the Acting CEO an illegal instruction to dismiss staff without the approval of the NEC. The Provincial Technical Officers have been terminated on or around the 18 April but to be effected retrospectively on 30 March. This practice is un-procedural and illegal," Mokoena's statement further alleges. Mokoena says Jordaan appointed a member of the NEC, Mxolisi Sibam, a chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee to do consulting work at the association without the necessary approval. "Corporate governance requires that the chairperson of the Audit Committee is independent," he revealed. Interestingly, Mokoena accuses Jordaan of preferential treatment of general managers over others. "When I arrived in November, the first staff issue that confronted me was Tebogo Motlanthe’s contract as General Manager. He had just been promoted in a previous NEC and he was working through a short term contract that was ending in January. I advised him to relax as I would deal with this matter in due course. "To cut a long story short, in February, the president send me an email and called me to his office twice to conclude Tebogo’s contract. I advised the president that Messrs Mlu Ncame and Mzwandile Maforvane were also or about to run out of their short-term contracts and I was planning to attend to all of them shortly. "As a courtesy, I would discuss these contracts with him. He was not so concerned about the other General Managers. I got a lot of pressure from the president to sign off Tebogo’s contract, motivating that I do not have to do anything else as the position had been approved by the NEC. "I eventually signed Motlanthe’s contract only. It is very important to mention that the terms and conditions of this contract were negotiated between the two of them. I was never part of the discussion." Mokoena declined to comment when confronted about the statement. Safa was due to release a reaction statement on Monday at the time of this publication.