A message has been spreading throughout social media of a government initiative that will deliver food parcels to the needy's homes. But unfortunately it is part of the fake news spreading must faster than the actual corona virus across Mzansi. South African Social Security Agency (SASSA) is concerned over the fake news circulating about their programmes which help the neediest in Mzansi. Provincial SASSA spokeswoman, Sandy Godlwana, said many people were desperate for government assistance and required food parcels. “There is fake news circulating about who qualifies and how to get help, but unfortunately these fake messages have incorrect contact details for the SASSA KZN call centre,” said Godlwana. She said they understood that residents found it difficult to get through the SASSA national toll free number: 0800 60 10 11. She said that was why the KZN office dedicated two numbers for the application of food parcels during the lockdown. “SASSA will  issue  Social  Relief  of  Distress  (SRD)  in  the  form  of  food  parcels  as  a temporary  provision  of  assistance  intended  for  persons  in  such  dire  need  that  they are  unable  to  meet  their  or  their  families’  most  basic  needs. SRD is given to South African citizens, permanent residents  or  refugees  who  have insufficient  means,” said Godlwana. She urged residents to disregard the messages circulating on social media and to ignore the SRD form that has been circulating on social media as it is not an official SASSA SRD application form. She said their offices were closed during the lockdown therefore there was no need to complete any SRD form. “SRD applications may be taken without personal contact with the applicant, in terms of a Ministerial Directive.  The process to be followed is as follows: Referrals or requests are to include name, identity number, physical address, contact number and short reason for the request,” said Godlwana. She said the correct KZN SASSA contact details for food parcels are: 033 846 3400 or WhatsApp (text only): 071 607 1514. 