WHILE other teams are still mum about reporting back for camp, Highlands Park are the first Premier Soccer League (PSL) team to confirm when they will reconvene since the PSL was suspended due to the coronavirus crisis. The PSL suspended all their matches last month because of the pandemic, and as a result, all the 16 teams sent their players home and stopped their operations. Coaches gave the players from their respective teams training programmes to follow during lockdown. But following President Cyril Ramaphosa’s announcement on Thursday that athletes will be allowed to exercise after 1 May, Siyabangena Siyabahlaba decided to seize the opportunity to assemble their players for camp. An excited Highlands shareholder Sinky Mnisi said it was about time that the players reported back for camp. Mnisi said that through the club’s WhatsApp group, all the relevant parties were informed about management’s decision for training to resume. “Sponsors were complaining that they’re paying us while the players are sitting at home doing nothing. We’ve discussed our decision with all the sponsors that we’re going back to training. The technical team and the players have been informed of our decision. Mnisi said. “We’ll report back for camp on 5 May.” The outspoken club official said the technical team will work with a small group of players for health and safety reasons. “The technical team will work with a group of 20 players in the morning and another group of 20 players in the afternoon. “We’ll adhere to all the safety measures and provide sanitisers for everyone on duty. We want to get the ball rolling again and the president’s announcement came as a relief to us.” Mnisi, who is not the one to shy away from voicing his opinion, said players were starting to get worried as to whether they will receive their full salaries or take salary cuts. He assured them and everyone, who is on Siyabangena Siyabahlaba’s payroll that there won’t be any salary cuts. “We’ve been in discussions with the PSL, UIF and our sponsors to make sure that does not happen. We’re in the process to discuss payment issues and want to assure our players they’ll be paid accordingly. “The bottom line is we want to go back to work with happy players and can’t afford to have players who are stressing over what their families will eat.”