SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo says Premier Soccer League (PSL) coaches are supporting each other during these trying times in South African football. The PSL suspended its league matches due to the outbreak of COVID-19. It is not known when the league will resume its schedule, but as the wait continues, the coaches are there for each other. They have put the football results at the back of their heads and focus on their well-being and that of the players and fans. Tembo said they formed a WhatsApp group to communicate about football related matters and life outside of the beautiful game. “This is not the time to worry about contracts, results and jobs, it’s time to reflect and worry about our safety and health. “As coaches, we regularly use the WhatsApp group to exchange ideas, motivate each other and to keep each other going,” said Tembo. The 49-year-old Zimbabwean mentor, who is the longest serving member of staff at SuperSport after spending over two decades with the club, said life matters above everything else. He said players have been informed how to take care of themselves and to carefully look after their fitness. “As coaches we share ideas and information. We will worry about beating each other on the field of play when that time comes, but for now we want to educate fans about safety measures and the value life,” Tembo told SunSport. Tembo added that his job is the least of his worries as he is currently worried about the health and safety of his players. His two-year contract is set to expire at the end of June. “It would be selfish to worry about my job when the country is going through a difficult time. “Let’s worry about the issues of hygiene and safety first, and at the right time we can discuss other vital issues, but this is not the right time to do that,” stressed the former Zimbabwean international. Matsatsantsa a Pitori management through its CEO Stan Matthews, also confirmed that they will discuss the negotiations of Tembo’s contract renewal at the end of the season.