Chairperson of the African Union (AU) and President of the Republic of South Africa, Cyril Ramaphosa has appointed Special Envoys of the AU to mobilise international support for Africa’s efforts to address the economic challenges African countries will face as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Ramaphosa has appointed Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, Dr Donald Kaberuka, Mr Tidjane
Thiam and Mr Trevor Manuel. The Special Envoys will
be tasked with soliciting rapid and concrete support as pledged by the G20, the
European Union and other international financial institutions. Ramaphosa says:
“In the light of the devastating socio-economic and political impact of the
pandemic on African countries these institutions need to support African
economies that are facing serious economic challenges with a comprehensive
stimulus package for Africa, including deferred debt and interest payments. “The impact of the
coronavirus pandemic has been global in both scale and reach, and this
necessitates coordinated international action to capacitate all countries to
respond effectively, but most particularly developing countries that continue
to shoulder a historical burden of poverty, inequality and underdevelopment,” Ramaphosa
said. Ramaphosa added: “The
sentiment expressed in two recent letters written to the G20 by a group of
world leaders and a team of esteemed economists underscore the importance of
bolstering health systems in poorer countries; this can only be done with the
support of the international community.” Dr Okonjo-Iweala is an
internationally respected economist and development expert and served two terms
as Minister of Finance of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. She has also served
as Managing Director of the World Bank. Dr Kaberuka is an
economist and former President and Chaiman of the Board of Directors of the
African Development Bank (AfDB). He is the former Finance Minister of Rwanda
and in 2016 was appointed as a Special Envoy of the African Union on
sustainable financing for the AU and funding for Peace in Africa. Mr Manuel was the longest-serving
Minister of Finance in the Republic of South Africa and formerly headed the
country’s National Planning Commission. In 2018 he was appointed as an
Investment Envoy by Ramaphosa to engage domestic and international investors as
part of the country’s national investment drive. Mr Thiam is a banker and
businessman. He is the former Chief Executive Officer of Credit Suisse and also
served as Chief Financial Officer and CEO of Prudential. He also has a
background in management consulting and worked for McKinsey and Company. The AU Chair said the
appointment of the special envoys would expedite the process of securing
economic support to enable countries on the continent to respond swiftly to
this grave public health emergency. Ramaphosa said the envoys brought with them
a wealth of experience and enjoyed longstanding relationships in the
international financial community. “The African Union is immensely encouraged by
the support that has been extended by the international community thus far. It
is an affirmation that as nations of the world, we are all in this together. We
must now focus on efforts to marshal every resource at our disposal to ensure
that this pandemic is contained, and does not result in the collapse of already
ailing economies and financial systems on the continent,” Ramaphosa said.