The 41 year-old pugilist who has not won a fight in the past two years intends to turn the tables around and retire on high note. His last victory was an unanimous points decision againgst Justice Siliga to reclaimed the national heavyweight belt in October 2017. He surrendered the crown to Ruann "Giant King" Visser via a seveth round technical knockout in the following year. Among the goals he has set for himself is to bounce back on local top flight boxing to reclaim the SA heavyweight crown.  Meanwhile the national heavyweight crown was declared vacant in February after Visser found guilty of doping by the Court for Arbitration in Sports (CAS) in Switzerland. He tested positive for the banned anabolic androgenic seteroid stanozolol after his victory against Machimana. "I want that title, it belongs to me,. Our heavyweight division is very thin, so it won't take me long before getting a shot at the title. I'm few fights away from being crown a national champion once more," he said. According to the seasoned campaigner he has asked the Free State based boxing promoter Lebo Mahoko to help him accomplish his mission and Mahoko has agreed to come to his rescue. After he produced a lukewarm performances on his last four outings, the Limpopo born fighter knows he has to double his effort in order to achieve his goal. Machimana who always came to his contests grossly overweight has vowed to be serious about his career this time around. "I have been inconsistency in terms of producing good results recently but that would be a thing of a past. I'm working hard to be in good shape every time I step onto the ring. "My aim is to collect few ring accolades before hanging up the gloves. To be honest, in the past I have lacked determination and hunger to succeed was no longer there," he said. The giant boxer attributed his disappointing display of boxing and pitching up to his battles flabby to the lack of fight opportunities. "Getting fights has been always a headach, instead of concentrating on being fit I would worry about where the next fight would come from. That  has burned the desire to do well in the ring. I'm happy now because Mahoko is on my corner,  once this lockdown is lifted I will get six round warm-up contest," he said.