AMAZULU FC are fuming and taking former assistant coach, Mabhuti Khenyeza, to the PSL Dispute Resolution Chamber (DRC). Usuthu’s anger was triggered by the manner in which Khenyeza left the club, to take over the job of GladAfrica Championship side, TS Galaxy. Khenyeza is said to have embarrassingly announced his resignation via the team’s WhatsApp group, after Usuthu lost 2-1 to Durban rivals, Golden Arrows, at Johnson Kings Park Stadium on 15 February. The club regard his move as a breach of contract, as he still has an existing contract. What is also annoying to AmaZulu is that Khenyeza is said to have left Durban to negotiate and conclude everything with Galaxy chairman, Tim Sukazi, in Jozi, before that match. This infuriated the club even more, as Khenyeza also dumped them towards the end of 2018 as a player, to be an assistant coach at Maritzburg United. But when then Maritzburg coach, Muhsin Erturgal, announced his resignation at the Team of Choice in January last year, Khenyeza also left. He then made a U-turn, and asked the club bosses if he could return to the team. Khenyeza’s latest move has left Usuthu general manager, Lunga Sokhela, feeling hurt. “The issue of Mabhuti will be referred to the PSL DRC to make a determination on what we allege as clear breach of contract,” said Sokhela. Khenyeza was initially replaced by Ayanda Dlamini, to assist the now suspended coach, Jozef Vukusic. Dlamini has since assumed the head coaching role on an interim basis since Vukusic was given a special leave. This came after the former Polokwane City coach failed to get positive results. “Having said that, we still haven’t lodged our case, which is fine because we’ve got time to do it,” added Sokhela. “It wasn’t a rush at the time as we have bigger priorities right now. “When the time is right we’ll deal with it.” AmaZulu’s priority right now is to survive the relegation battle once the lockdown is over. They are second from the bottom of the table, with 23 points from 24 games, and three points ahead of bottom-placed Black Leopards.