THE
government has relaxed some regulations to allow people some bit of movement
and trade to put food in the table a the country entered its seventh day of
lockdown to stop the spread of coronavirus. Minister
of Cooperative Governance and TraditionalAffairs Minister Dr Nkosazana
Dlamini-Zuma at an update press briefing in Pretoria on Thursday night
announced that according to new amended regulations gazetted under the National
Disaster Ac, street vendors would now be allowed to sell in the streets. All
they will need would be a permit from their councilors to allow them to move
around and stock their merchandise. Dlamini-Zuma also announced that the new
regulations would allow people to go and bury their lives in other provinces. The
relaxations comes as the country’s confirmed cases reached 1462, an increase of
87 new cases in the past 24 hours. The country is still sitting in on five
deaths so far linked to the virus Dlamini-Zuma
said the relaxactions after consultation with other all sectors following questions
directed to the department. “There are lots of people
who have been affected because they could not bury their loved ones as they
could not travel to other provinces. We are very sorry about this distress we
caused to our people. “It
has been a stressful experience for us (to see people not attending funerals).
We are glad that this has been relaxed,” said Dlamini-Zuma. She
spelled out procedures that people should have to take to either travel outside
of the province or trade. Those who would want to travel to bury would have to
get permission from a magistrate. “Informal
traders are now allowed to trade. They must now have permitt so they can be
allowed to stock. Even those who are selling mealies in the street, and mealies
is very nice when it’s braaied,” she joked. However
Police Minister Bheki Cele stressed that it would be important for people to
keep track of the numbers of people who would be attending the same funeral as
numbers Of people attending would be monitored. He
didn’t not spell how but stressed that if the numbers is over 50 to the
intended funeral people would not be allowed to cross the provincial borders. Cele also revealed that 2289 people has been arrested for
breaching regulations and said he hoped the numbers didn’t  include those
attending the funerals . He appealed to people to adhere to regulations “We don’t get joy out of arresting people but we don’t have
a problem arresting people as well. So let’s work together,” he said. The inter ministerial committee also announced that the
provision of water will be capentralized as the fight for the spread of the
virus continues.