IF THERE is one thing Tshina Mdau relishes, it is to have a ball in hand, especially if it is a netball ball.  She just can’t help herself. Every time the Tuks player executes that perfect intercept, is to her a pure adrenaline rush. Even more so if her heroics help the numbers on the scoreboard to continuously tick over. There can be no arguing Mdau is blessed as having that X-factor. As a wing attack, she can change the direction of any game in the blink of an eye. Last year, as captain she was instrumental in helping the Jaguars win the Telkom League as well as Tuks the Varsity Netball Tournament. There is no telling when Mdau is going to astonish fans with her skills again. The coronavirus pandemic brought sport in South Africa to an abrupt halt. For any passionate athlete, it is a frustrating time. It, however, does not mean Mdau’s passion for handling the ball has diminished. Since the national lockdown started, not a day has gone by that she did not have some ball in hand. Tennis ball, squash ball, netball to her it does not matter. It only needs to be round. According to Mdau, it is not a new habit. “I have had some sort of ball in hand since I can remember – and in current times, it is a sure way to keep sane. It is reassuring to be holding, throwing or catching a ball. Any ball. My brothers and I are playing all sorts of interesting catching games at our home to while away the time. At times I even try and hone some of my netball skills. As an athlete, it is important to find ways to keep on moving.” One of Mdau’s enduring characteristics is how she always managed to be upbeat no matter what might be happening. During the lockdown, she daily sets aside time to reflect on how her career as a netball player has played out so far. “Now is an excellent time to think where you are heading, what you have achieved and what you can do to improve. Inner reflection is usually something we tend to neglect as we are always rushing off to do something urgently. The challenge I set myself is to get mentally healthy during the lockdown,” she said.