Beauty is a multi-billion-dollar global industry that is
constantly evolving, providing women with the latest innovations to look and
feel their best. However, with the economy looking the way it does right now –
dismal – we’re finding that we aren’t able to splurge on the ‘nice to haves’ as
much as we’d like to. “Luckily, there is light at the end of the tunnel,” says
Su-Marie Annandale brand manager for Clere skincare. “Keeping your skin healthy
and beautiful does not always mean having to spend large sums of money on the
latest skincare products.”  She adds that there are many simple, affordable, and easy elements
that you can incorporate into your health and skincare routines that will work
towards a beautiful looking skin.  Annandale shares the following tips:  1.      
Taking care of your skin from the
inside out is very important and the first step is to ensure that you are well
hydrated. Be mindful that you are drinking enough water throughout the day. 2.      
Exfoliate regularly, ideally twice a
week, to remove dead skin cells from your body and leave your skin prepped and
ready to absorb moisturiser. Creating your own body scrub is cost effective and
you can make it to suit your skin concerns by adding either of the following to
your body lotion or crème: Salt will help relax your muscles, sugar is gentler
on the skin, ground coffee has the benefit of caffeine to constrict blood
vessels and oatmeal is the gentlest exfoliant to soften and hydrate the skin. Add
your favourite essential oils to help relax, soothe, or energise. Once finished
applying rinse off in the shower. 3.      
Avoid baths that are too hot as this
can dry out your skin. 4.      
Apply a nourishing body lotion or
crème, ideally to your slightly damp skin. Clere’s range of crèmes and lotions consist of four unique formulations
to suit all skin needs: Pure Glycerine Crème, Triple Glycerine, Tissue oil and
Pure Glycerine and Glycerine Gel. All four formulations provide 48-hour
moisturisation and contain Vitamins E & A which are gentle, yet effective. 5.      
Lastly, sleep is vital. It is called ‘beauty
sleep’ for a reason. When you sleep your body has time to repair and recover.
Not only will you wake up with a glowing complexion, but you will also encourage
your body to generate collagen, which helps fight wrinkles.  While the fountain of youth may never be found, by implementing
these tips into your routine, you will help your skin look youthful and feel
beautiful, Ananndale concludes. 