THEY are not related and probably don't keep in touch. But they all have two things in common... they are the ZWANEs and they have all made an indelible mark in local football. KGOMOTSO SETHUSHA goes down memory lane to recapture the past and present glories of ”AboMangethe” in different eras. EUGENE ZWANE: With an educated left foot, Eugene shone in the start-studded Orlando Pirates team which included the likes of Tebogo Moloi, the late Botsotso Makhanya, Aubrey Lekoane, Dan Malesela and Nick ”Bazooka” Seshweni in the 1990s.Like many stars of his generation, Zwane cut his teeth at Jomo Cosmos before going on to earn a place in the pantheon of greats at the Buccaneers.  MARTIN ZWANE: The late former Kaizer Chiefs defender epitomised the spirit of fair play.Playing alongside Neil Tovey and Robson Muchichwa in defence, Zwane had his break out season for Amakhosi during the 1998-99 season where he played a total of 26 league matches.Among his achievements, Zwane, who started his career at Wits University, won the 1997 Rothmans Cup.  MANDLA ZWANE: Although he had two spells with Orlando Pirates, and spent five seasons in Portugal, Zwane enjoyed most of his success at SuperSport United.The attacking midfielder was integral to the rise of Matsatsantsa from the also-rans to cup-winning specialists in the 2000s.He also earned a single Bafana Bafana cap.  JAPHET ZWANE: He may not have played for any of the big teams, but Japhet certainly left a mark in domestic football with his stints at various clubs, including Manning Rangers, Moroka Swallows and AmaZulu.The goal he scored for Bafana in their 2002 Fifa World Cup qualifier against Ivory Coast helped them achieve their goal. He also earned an overseas move to Russian side FC Rostov.He was also a regular member of the Bafana team, going on to be capped no less than 10 times.  ARTHUR ZWANE: "10111” joined Kaizer Chiefs as part of the exchange deal that included the late Lesley Manyathela, who'd been subject of a tug-of-war between Amakhosi and rivals Orlando Pirates.As would later turn out, Zwane made the best decision of his career as he went to achieve great success with Amakhosi.He also earned nine international caps.  THEMBA ZWANE: Mshishi remains the heartbeat of Mamelodi Sundowns, having already achieved a lot in the nine years he has been with the Brazilians. Among his many pieces of silverware in his collection is the Caf Champions League and four league titles medals.He is better known for his trickery and silky skills, which often leave his fans spellbound.The video clip of one Sibusiso Mbonani sprawled on the ground from a Zwane shibobo remains popular on social media. 