SHE WAS not happy that her ex-husband had moved on with a new woman. So she sent him messages telling him she was going to kill his girlfriend. And she made good on her threats when she hired people to attack the couple on Saturday night. The man’s girlfriend (33) is now fighting for her life in a hospital in Springs, and cops are looking for the bitter ex and her two accomplices. The 39-year-old ex-husband told Daily Sun he was still traumatised by the attack. He said he and his girlfriend were sleeping when the armed suspects kicked open the door at about 11pm and pointed a gun at them. “One of the suspects told me to go into another room, and this gave me a chance to escape,” said the man, who cannot be named for his safety. “I managed to jump over the wall and saw my ex-wife’s white Jeep Wrangler idling outside the yard.” But one of the suspects followed him. “He then went back to the room where my girlfriend was when he saw me jump over the wall,” he said. The father of two said the attackers then made the attack look like a robbery. “They took my woman’s handbag, cellphone and our two laptops. I screamed for help and the suspects ran out, jumped in the car and drove off,” he said. The man said he went back into the house and found his girlfriend sitting on the bed. She told him the suspects mixed galephirime with water in a 500ml cold drink bottle and forced her to drink it. “She said she refused, but they hit her with a gun in the face and forced the poison down her throat. We immediately rushed to hospital. I’m hurt. I never thought my ex-wife would stoop this low.” The man said he left his 33-year-old wife of eight years in September as she was disrespectful, obsessed and always fought with him. “I tried to be a good husband, but she was not satisfied or appreciative,” he said. He even showed Daily Sun some of the messages she sent him. His girlfriend’s sister said they prayed God gave her the strength to pull through. “No one saw this coming, and it could have happened to any woman who fell in love with him (ex husband),” she said. Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said cases of robbery and attempted murder were opened at Springs cop shop.