SHOWBIZ darling Minnie Dlamini-Jones has been given 10 000 litres of pure alcohol. This while Mzansi mourns the suspension of booze during the national lockdown. Minnie’s generous sponsor is a premium spirits producer, Diageo, responsible for the Johnnie Walker, J&B and Smirnoff brands, among others. But the star won’t be indulging in the fiery waters. as theyare to help save lives in the COVID-19 fight. Instead, the alcohol will be used to produce hand sanitisers, which were recommended by the World Health Organisation, among the international public health agency’s measures for curbing the spread of the deadly virus. According to the Minnie Dlamini Foundation, the hand sanitisers will be donated to disadvantaged communities. ALSO READ: JUJU ATTACKED FOR DEFENDING DJ SHIMZA Minnie, a Jaguar Land Rover ambassador, has also joined hands with Red Cross South Africa. This to donate food parcels toold-age homes and orphanages in disadvantaged communities, including Soweto and Daveyton. Explained Minnie: “Hunger is a daily battle in Mzansi, even outside the harsh circumstances many find themselves in at the moment due the lockdown period caused by COVID-19. The lockdown period, although absolutely necessary, has shined a light on the fact that malnutrition (is a problem). “And it is also a massive challenge that has been intensified by this pandemic.” To aid the process, Jaguar Land Rover has donated 11 vehicles to Red Cross South Africa. According to a joint statement by the Minnie Dlamini Foundation and her partners, only people from disadvantaged communities will benefit from the donations. The statement also revealed a donation of R125 000 had been made to the #FeedingSATogether drive. This to purchase food parcels to be distributed to more than 550 needy individuals through the company’s employee volunteer scheme, Valuing Each Other. Diageo SA’s sustainability manager, Lebogang Mashigo, said the company jumped at the opportunity to partner with Minnie. This after it learned about it through Zeta Labs, which produces hand sanitisers. But she won’t be selling, quenching thirst with it or going against the lockdown regulation but rather to save people from being infected with the deadly Covid-19. Dlamini-Jones has joined hands with an alcohol company Diageo, Red Cross and Jaguar Land Rover in a bid to help government to fight the Coronavirus. Through her foundation called Minnie Dlamini Foundation, the TV personality will be manufacturing hand sanitisers which will be donated to the poor communities. The use of hand sanitisers has been recommended by the World Health Organisation. According to the joint statement of Minnie Dlamini Foundation and her partners, the only people who will benefit from the donation are those who are from the poor communities, whom most of them do not afford to buy hand sanitizers. Sanitisers is not the only thing that Dlamini-Jones will be donation but together with Red Cross South Africa, she will helping in distributing Nutriwell food packs to the old aged homes and orphanages in poor communities such as Soweto and Daveyton. Dlamini-Jones said: “Hunger is a daily battle in South Africa, even outside of the harsh circumstances many find themselves in at the moment. The lockdown period, although absolutely necessary, has shined a light on the fact that malnutrition and hunger is a massive challenge which has only been intensified by this pandemic.” Diageo South Africa Sustainability Manager-Corporate Relations Lebogang Mashigo said that as the alcohol brand - and like any other businesses, they are experiencing a big blow during this lockdown. In working with Minnie Dlamini Foundation, Mashigo said that they jumped to the opportunity after the heard about it through Zeta Labs which produces hand sanitizers.