A gym enthusiast once said: "We exercise so that we can sexcercise". In other words, people work out so that they can make out. There's an apparent link between exercising and sex. Apart from both routines getting you wet and hot, these two actions stimulate the body and, depending on how physically fit you both are, these two could easily form a perfect bond called sexcercising. We take a look at a few exercise routines that can benefit your sexual experience. When you're ready, let's get wet.  Planking or the plank exercise is an isometric core strength exercise that involves maintaining a position similar to a push-up for the maximum possible time. Plank exercises improve you posture, improve your flexibility – which is very important in sex and can easily be modifief. Both focus on your core and lower limbs, which are the essential service providers during sex.  The glute bridge exercise is one of the most effective exercises to tone the glutes and the hamstrings. This lower body workout isolates and strengthens the glutes, hamstrings, the core stability muscles, the hip muscles, the lower back muscles, and strengthens the stabilisation of the spinal cord. If done correctly, you should experience strength in your lower back and greater mobility on your hips. This should again benefit your sexual experience, especially if your own that likes to down.  Should you like leaping into action, then the jump squats exercises were built for you. Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart. Start by doing a regular squat, then engage your core and jump up explosively. When you land, lower your body back into the squat position to complete one rep. Land as quietly as possible, which requires control. This exercise benefits and tones your butt, legs and thighs. These are sexually appealing body parts and if they look good they appease the eye.  This yoga-related exercise is a kneeling back-bending position in modern yoga as exercise. Pigeon pose is the perfect pose to release tension and maintain hip flexibility because it stretches both the hip rotators (buttocks area) and the hip flexors. This exercise comes in very handy for couples who want to test their flexibility sexually, and like pigeons take their sex game to new heights. 