“YOU are an African man, we must speak an African language. “You must pay ivala mlomo.” This is what the police in Ekurhuleni allegedly told the owner of a truck that was impounded on Monday. The permitted truck was coming from Zimbabwe and passed the border post and three roadblocks on the N1 until it got to Gauteng without any problems. But when it got to Ekurhuleni, things changed completely. The owner told Daily Sun: “They said all the police where the truck came from, don’t know their jobs, they said they were the only police who were doing their jobs correctly. “On the border, the SARS officers are there and processed the truck, before they could give it permission to get into South Africa." He said if the goods were not allowed because of Covid-19 circumstances, they could have not allowed them to pass through. The driver was arrested, the truck impounded and the owner was called by the police.   During the "African language" conversation, the owner said they got furious when he told them he had R200. “I told them I had only R200, they were very angry. They sent me to the ATM." He said that when he gave them a sum of R1 500, he got his driver and the truck back. “The truck is already on the way to Durban to deliver the goods,” he said.  The owner didn’t like how his driver was treated and decided to record  a video and audio. What the cop didn’t know, was that she was being filmed in a bribery plot. The police allegedly wanted to arrest a truck driver, even though there was a permit. In the video, the female metro police officer appears to be getting into the car of the guy who has nothing but his truck in mind.  "Who will give me the truck tomorrow?" He kept asking this to the officer but she doesn't want to give a direct answer. The truck was apparently impounded, even though the driver had a permit that allowed him to be on the road. After driving around the block in Boksburg north, the female metro cop seemed to be liaising with someone on the phone. They were supposed to meet at the East Rand Mall. Police spokesman, Captain Mavela Masondo said the matter was
brought to the attention of the Anti-Corruption Unit of the SAPS. “We’ve opened an inquiry into alleged corruption and will be
obtaining statements from the suspects.” “Investigation is underway.”  