While people locked themselves in their homes due to
coronavirus regulations, a couple took the moment to poke in the park. According to The Sun, the witness, who did not want to be
named, was on her daily walk when they noticed the man on top of the woman with
their trousers "pulled down slightly". She saw the pair when she went to take a photo of the
sunset in Lloyd Park, Croydon, in South of London. The woman said she decided to film the couple so she
could report them to the police and she was left so horrified she couldn't
speak. She told MyLondon: "I was shocked to see a couple
rolling around and I thought they were initially dry humping as they both had
jeans on. The elderly couple near me looked visibly upset. "It really annoyed me as this is very much a family
park and I had seen children, dogs and the elderly on my walk. "So I decided to take a video and picture and go to
the police station to report this gross public misconduct. "Then I realised they were actually having full on
sex as both their jeans were open and pulled down slightly." "I honestly wanted to say something and let them
know it was so inappropriate but I was so shocked to my core I could not
speak." She later decided against reporting the couple over fears
authorities would shut the park due to people not following social distancing
rules. She said: "As I left the park, I thought about the
police closing the park during the lockdown due to visitors misbehaving and I
thought I could not risk it as so many innocent people enjoy this park every
day. [So] I decided against reporting it. The government has said you should only be going out once
a day to buy food, for health reasons, to exercise, or go to work if you cannot
work from home. Everyone is instructed to practice social distancing when
in public. Social distancing simply means keeping your distance from
other people. It means where possible everyone is encouraged to stay at
home, only going out to exercise in small family groups, or shop.