Music producer TNS is pleadding for his life. "I do not know whether to die or be paralysed like they want me to". These are the desperate words of the young music producer who claims that there are people who want to kill him and end his music career. TNS whose real name is Nkazimulo Sthembiso from Mandeni, KZN said: "You bewitch me and do all these bad things to me so that I can stop making the kind of music that I make for South Africans," TNS also claimed in a live Instagram post on Friday that those people have even created a WhatsApp group for his demise. He said these people are using muthi to kill him or paralyse him. The 21-year-old, who is famous for producing hit songs such as Banomoya, Club Controller, Uzongilinda, My Dali, and Gina, said that he is facing the battle that he cannot fight because he is alone. ALSO READ:PHOTGRAPHER CLAIMS TNS OWES HIM MONEY "They try to do all this bad things so that I quit, so that I give-up, so that I become paralysed, so that in the end, I'll be unable to make the kind of music I made for South Africans," he said. He can be heard also saying that he does not have anyone or a family member that he can run to when things gets bad for him. "I do not have parents, a grandfather or gogo because everyone has died in my family. I do not have anyone that I can report to when I have a problem," he said. ALSO READ: SHIMZA: I HAVE A PLAN FOR FEMALE DJS He said he does not know how to fight or defend himself from those people that are busy plotting for his downfall. He asked if this is how the music industry works because if that's how it works then he was better off without it. "Take the music but do not kill me because I am alone," said TNS before breaking down live on his Instagram. TNS manager Ayanda Mthembu told Daily Sun that he is still going to speak to him. "I will speak to him and get clarity. But TNS is still young and has been through so much especially in the music industry. He is always indoors if he is not in studio. He is trying to deal with things. But before I give a detailed comment, I must speak to him first," said Mthemvu