Thieves broke into Zodwa Wabantu's house this morning. Her house in Malvern, Durban was broken into and her belongings including grass-cutting machines worth R5 000 altogether and six perfume boxes worth more than R10 000 each were taken. Speaking to Daily Sun, Zodwa who posted a video this morning, crying, said that she thanked God that she was in Johannesburg when the thugs broke into her house. “I do not know what would have happened to me, maybe I would be killed by now if they find me inside,” said Zodwa. She said thugs not only stole her belongings in the room, but they also took the bakkie that is parked in the yard. “But they failed to drive it and left it halfway instead,” said Zodwa. The entertainer, whose real name is Zodwa Libram, said that she usually leaves her boyfriend in the house when he goes to work far from home. But her boyfriend had to go and spend time at his home since the lockdown. “These thugs had all the time they needed. I was called by the neighbours early in the morning today, informing me that my house had been broken into. I asked my boyfriend to go check and then open a case with the police because I am far from home. People are hungry. We are still going to suffer because of the Covid-19 and lockdown. I am crying because I am trying to show people that I have a heart too. I do feel pain as a human being,” said Zodwa. She revealed that the thieves stole some of her valuables that she keeps in a locked room. She said in an Instagram video that she was was still shaken by the incident event though she was not at that house. Zodwa said the thieves left the house in a mess, broken cardboard and clothes were all over the floor of the house. In another video, she said people needed to see her cry the pain out. "We all go through some real problems in life and this incident has left me in pain but I will not hurt the whole day. I will not act tough but I am just showing you that we all go through sh*t and if this is my burden, then I will pick myself up and live through the lesson," she said. SEE VIDEOS BELOW: Boxes ?? of my Perfumes anyone selling them,Laptop,Our Clothes Zonke. Area Malvern A post shared by  zodwalibram (@zodwalibram) on Apr 23, 2020 at 12:15am PDT  Zodwa Wabantu,we all have problems & we love them and whatever we go thru,we Start over with a Clear Mind & Spirit?????? Take from me to Lift yourself up?? A post shared by  zodwalibram (@zodwalibram) on Apr 23, 2020 at 2:47am PDT 