HOSPERSA has expressed its shock at the confirmed number of COVID-19 positive cases amongst health workers. The Department of Health confirmed on Wednesday that more than 300 health workers have tested positive contrary to the health minister Zweli Mkhize's announcement of around 135 positive on Tuesday night. “Hospersa is deeply alarmed that this morning's figures are more than double the figures announced by the Minister last night,” said Hospersa General Secretary Noel Desfontaines. He said the statistics showed that health workers continue to work in unsafe working conditions where PPE is not sufficiently provided. "We continue calling on our members to refuse to work when PPE and safe working conditions are not provided by the employer,” said Desfontaines. He said Hospersa was also demanding safe transport for health workers as most employees in public and private health facilities make use of public transport to reach their workplaces. Desfontaines said Hospersa wanted regular screening of health workers and counseling facilities to deal with the anxiety amongst health workers created by the deadly Coronavirus. In its report, the Department of Health said of the 4 996 confirmed COVID-19 cases in South Africa, there are currently 328 positive health workers. The private health sector has a total of 195 positive cases while the public sector has a total of 133 positive cases. Hospersa said it was alarmed by these numbers which were almost double to what the minister mentioned on Tuesday. Desfontaines said they remained firm on their view that neglecting health workers’ demands for necessities like PPE puts their lives at risk and will be unnecessary casualties during the fight against COVID-19. “When the lock-down measures are eased on 1 May 2020, many other non-screened public commuters will be sharing the same transport with health workers which will increase the risk of infection amongst these essential workers. “More infections amongst health workers will also derail any plans for the country to successfully control this virus as currently, the public health sector is understaffed,” said Desfontaines. 