WHILE other PSL clubs will be dipping into their pockets for funds to raid the transfer window and strengthen their teams at the end of the season, whenever that may be, Kazier Chiefs will not have that luxury. The Glamour Boys, who have been slapped with a transfer ban by world controlling body Fifa that they intend to appeal through the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), will instead have to look within the club for potential options to strengthen their team, should they not be successful in their appeal. And with the imminent departure of midfielder George Maluleka, who has signed a pre-contract with rivals Mamelodi Sundowns, Chiefs will have to find a suitable replacement for him. But with a number of promising youngsters making a good impression whether it be out on loan or within the club, Chiefs might not be too affected by the two-window transfer ban. Ernst Middendorp has previously stated that he is not overly concerned by the ban as he believes the club have more than enough quality to remain competitive despite not being able to sign and register new players for the next two windows. “We have a lot of good young players, from Happy (Mashiane) to Njabulo (Blom), we have used them already in the past. We also have a lot of players out on loan doing their job and getting competitive game time.” SunSport looks at some of these young players who will be expected to step up to the plate in the coming season. NKOSINGIPHILE NGCOBO Ngcobo was promoted to the first team at the beginning of the 2017-18 season but only got an opportunity to show what he can do last season. Just as the 20-year-old was beginning to prove his worth at senior level, he suffered a season ending Achilles injury which also ruled him out of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup which took place in Poland. He got back to full fitness and has had to fight for his place again. Ngcobo had made just a solitary appearance this season before the Coronavirus outbreak halted everything. However, the long winger who can also operate on the left wing is expected to play a big role at the club going forward. HAPPY MASHIANE Mashiane is another one of the highly regarded young prospects at the club from who whom much is expected in the near future. The 22-year-old left back from Tembisa earned a lot of plaudits for his exploits in his four appearances last term. And had it not been for a toe injury which kept him out of action for a few months, Mashiane would most likely have made more appearances. He has featured twice this season after recovering from his injury. Mashiane has also become somewhat of a fan favourite with the Amakhosi faithful dubbing him “Happy Feet.” NJABULO BLOM Blom played arguably the game of his life so far in Chiefs’ 2-0 win over Mamelodi Sundowns earlier in the season. The versatile defender-cum-midfielder has since made four appearances this season in which he has hardly put a foot wrong. GIVEN THIBEDI Thibedi is currently on loan at Swallows FC and has played a key role in the charge for automatic promotion to the Absa Premiership. He is one of the first names on Dube Birds coach Brandon Truter’s starting X1, playing 19 matches and scoring three goals. But perhaps what has been most impressive about the 22-year-old’s game at Swallows has been his maturity and calmness on the ball, regularly dominating his opponents and pulling all the strings in midfield. He could be the perfect replacement for Maluleka in a season or two. ITUMELENG SHOPANE Shopane is another one of Chiefs youngsters currently putting some much-needed minutes under his belt at Swallows. The utility striker has scored one goal in 15 appearances for the Dube Birds and is one of the players who could have a bright future at Chiefs.8