KZN MEC for Economic Development, Tourism and Environmental Affairs Nomusa Dube-Ncube made a surprise visit to the south of the province on Sunday. Acting on a tip-off she busted an owner of a liquor outlet in Dundee, who has allegedly been selling alcohol despite lockdown regulations. MEC Dube-Ncube was accompanied by cops and KZN Liquor Authority when they arrived to find the Tayside Bottle Store open. Cops then seized CCTV footage devices, cash register and point of sale equipment and placed the bottle store under indefinite lockdown. The non-co-operative outlet owner and his sons denied any wrong doing which resulted in his CCTV, cash register and point of sale equipment being seized when he could not demonstrate when the last transaction had taken place. Dube-Ncube said: “This is shocking that business owners can blatantly disregard the laws and lockdown regulations." She said they are investigating the allegations that this place has been selling liquor during this time. 'We are here with the police and the Liquor Authority to establish the veracity of these serious allegations," she said. Dube-Ncube said she also visited two big retailers, Spar and Pick n Pay to check reports of price gouging. WATCH: COPS ARREST KZN COUPLE AT THEIR WEDDING! She said she was not satisfied by the exorbitant amount of essential food items on the shelves. She was also not happy that Spar kept damaged cans of beans and tin fish on the shelves saying this was a huge health hazard and ordered the removal of such items. "We want to say to all the South Africans and the KZN residents that we are going to make sure that the law enforcement is going to take its course to those that do not adhere to the regulations as prescribed by President Cyril Ramaphosa," she said. Dube-Ncube said her Department will continue to ensure that enforcement during the lockdown. A resident Nonhlanhla Mkhabela (45) said the alcohol was banned for a specific reason. "I don’t understand why people don’t want to comply. Covid-19 is killing people but there are still some who refuse to comply. They should all be arrested," she said.