The City of Mbombela in Mpumalanga has embarked on a disinfecting and
sanitization of public transport facilities as well as passengers’ program. The program started on Saturday (4 April) and continued on Sunday was rolled
out to all KaBokweni public transport facilities. This is to ensure the stop and minimize the spread of COVID-19.  According
to the senior manager of public transport operations in the municipality,
Siphiwe Ndou, the municipality decided to try and disinfect all public hotspot
such as public transport facilities and shopping sites and also the communities
being find there. "The reason that most of our communities are using public transport and
that becomes the very target area to say this could be areas that could
distribute this particular Coronavirus at the time. We decided to try and
bridge the gap by sanitizing all these areas and also distributing some kind of
sanitizers to the transport fraternity,” he said. Ndou said they are going to establish a program that says which intervals are
they going to use until the curve is flattened.He said they are going to give the taxi industry some of the material so that
they can be able to continuously sanitize passengers as they come through. "We must make a call to say that this material is very limited, the
municipality continues to face financial constraints just to make sure that
they procure enough to distribute and at the same time we also face challenges
of supply of the material. We hope that our intervention will assist in the
lockdown,” he said. Meanwhile the chairperson of the Kabokweni Taxi Association, Sergeant Nkambule
said the taxi industry continues to comply although the government has not
supplied them with enough material."We have tried with the little we have to buy material for our passengers.
Our lives and those of our customers is very important and we are very much
happy with the municipality’s program of disinfecting all our taxi ranks,"
he said. Nkambule has also pleaded with the community to comply with the regulations and
only travel when it’s necessary. 