JOMO Cosmos legend Helman Mkhalele is worried that Ezenkosi might get relegated to the ABC Motsepe League. Cosmos are second bottom in the GladAfrica Championship table on 22 points with six games to play. They are four points above bottom side Royal Eagles. Cosmos survived the relegation axe by the skin of their teeth on the final day last season and are again on the brink of slipping into the football wilderness. Mkhalele says it’s difficult to understand what could be Cosmos problem. The player nicknamed Midnight Express made his professional debut with Ezenkosi in 1990 and scored 25 goals in 97 appearances prior to his move to join Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in 1993. Said Mkhalele: “It’s difficult to speculate what could have gone wrong when you are not close to them. You will never know if it’s the state of players mindset, state of managing the team or budgeting. It’s sad when you see the club in this situation as I was once a player of Jomo Cosmos. The first time they got relegated (1993) and again in 2007/08 season was sad. It will be more sad if they get relegated further down.” The SA Under-20 interim national team coach reckons club owner/coach Jomo Sono should change the way he does things to ensure the club win their remaining games. “Since football evolves maybe he should bring in new ideas to complement his knowledge to catch up with the modern game if the expertise is not there. I am not sure whom (technical staff) he works with and what type of expertise they have, maybe he should change the way he does things. He also needs to fine tune where he thinks the problem lies to ensure the team survives.” The 50-year-old hopes Cosmos avoid the drop because Sono has contributed a lot to the development of football in the country. “Cosmos produced a lot of players that signed with PSL teams and went on to represent the national team. Jomo also exported players to European teams and gave African players a platform via Cosmos to play overseas. His knowledge to scout players is incomparable.”