SUPERSPORT UNITED CEO Stan Matthews has finally broken his silence on the club’s long serving member, Kaitano Tembo. Tembo’s two-year contract will expire with the 2019-20 Absa Premiership season. Matthews has now cleared the air regarding the future of Matsantsantsa a Pitori’s head coach, saying that they are going to extend his contract at the end of the season. “I just want to set the record straight and put the matter of our head coach to bed,” said Matthews. “Tembo is going nowhere, and his contract will be renewed at the end of season. “How do you keep someone at the club for 20 years and discard them just like that? The man has shown loyalty in all these years at this club for goodness sake.” Clearly, Matthews has had enough of responding to questions about Tembo’s future, and said he hopes that everyone will now let go of this subject. Tembo will be assisted by Thabo September as his second-in- command when the PSL campaign resumes. The plan is to rope in former players to beef up the technical team and September, who is the team’s former captain, is the first player to be identified for that role. “We want to groom Tembo,” Matthews added. “He has done well by introducing young players, not many coaches in the PSL would do that. The man clearly loves this club and he knows it inside and out.” The former Premier Soccer League CEO said what is left now is to negotiate the length of Tembo’s new contract, which might be between two and three years “depending on the negotiations”. Matthews also touched on several factors regarding the club during the lockdown, calming the players’ nerves about their salaries. He said the club will pay them until end of June, even if they don’t kick a ball because of Covid-19. He stressed that this is not the time to worry about financial issues, it’s time to comply with the government’s regulations and stay at home. On the issue of beefing up the squad, Matthews said they will wait until end of the season to iron out players’ contracts. They are third on the log table with 40 points from 23 matches.