WHAT do past and present national team coaches have in common? Well, they have all bemoaned the goal-scoring malaise undermining their efforts to turn South African teams into world beaters. For one Thabo Senong, the problem goes beyond the borders as he grapples with the same challenge in neighbouring Lesotho. During his tenure as coach of Amajita and as an assistant to Shakes Mashaba at senior Bafana Bafana level, Senong worked tirelessly to turn the blunt local strikers into goal machines. The result was Bafana’s qualification for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations and success in the Cosafa Cup. However, there has never been a permanent solution to the goal-scoring problem, inherited from Gordon Igesund’s team. Senong finds himself facing a similar challenge with the Crocodiles team, not surprising, given the low standard of football in the tiny mountain kingdom. “I see football the same way as Basotho see football, which is about attacking. But it must also be about scoring goals,” said Senong. “The biggest problem we have at the moment is we don’t have many players who can play in the final third and score goals. “We need to get players playing in foreign leagues. It’s no secret that our scoring rate is low and that is what we need to work on together with the Premier League coaches. “We need to come up with ideas of how we are going to improve our football in the final third. We can play in the defensive third, we can play in the middle but we don’t play in the final third.” Senong, however, is pleased that Lesotho are gradually attracting interest in Mzansi, pointing to Nkoto Masoabi, who plays for Real Kings in the National First Division, Sera Motebang at Bloemfontein Celtic and Tumelo Khutlang at Black Leopards. There is no denying that Senong faces a sizable task in Maseru. But he is not oblivious to the challenges and the different dynamics. “My job here is to make an impact and change the direction of football,” Senong said. “Obviously the dynamics are different. I’m here to share my experience and knowledge, having been in national team set-ups for over five years.”