 We all need a moment to ourselves when we can be alone and take some time out to reflect on our day, and just breathe. There are so many options: meditation, a bubble bath, reading a book and washing the dishes. Yes, washing the dishes.  A study conducted by researchers at Florida State University discovered that washing the dishes by hand can lead to mindfulness which leads to a state of improved well-being, reduced levels of stress and even immune system boosts.  “Everything from the scent of the soap, to the feel of the soap on their hands, the warm temperature of the water and even the shape and feel of the plates, contributes to the relaxed state of the person doing the washing,” says Sarah Webb, brand manager for dishwashing liquid brand Jewel. “Who would have thought that this household chore would bring about a sense of comfort?” This simple, everyday chore can bring about harmony and mediation after a long and stressful day as it takes enough focus to keep you paying attention to the present. This calms the mind and helps you to forget what is troubling you. The feel of the soap and warm water on your hands, the fragrance and even the repetitive task contributes to relaxation and a sense of wellbeing. Even knowing that you have accomplished a task for the day, no matter how simple, can contribute to calming your mind. “Another perk to washing your dishes is the boost to your immune system. It is found that children nowadays have more allergies, because their environments are too clean, and being introduced to microbes early in life boosts the immune system,” says Webb. A study conducted in 2015 found that children who live in homes where dishes are washed by hand are more likely to have stronger immune systems and less allergies. The author of the study, Dr Bill Hesselmar explains that the more you are exposed to microbes, especially early in life, the more your immune system is stimulated and becomes more tolerant. When choosing your dishwashing liquid, look for fragrances that are known for their relaxation properties. Jewel’s dishwashing liquid* available in Lime & Basil, is the perfect combination for bringing a meditation-like moment to a daily chore. The Basil fragrance is known to stimulate the body and mind to promote mental clarity, enhance alertness and calm the nerves to keep stress and anxiety at bay, while Lime is known to also promote clarity. Jewel’s dishwashing liquid is fast acting and cuts through grease. It hygienically cleans and shines your dishes and includes a no mess, no fuss pump action bottle. Jewel is the perfect meditating companion when it comes to washing the dishes.