POLOKWANE City coach Clinton Larsen is appealing to Absa Premiership youngsters to learn from his captain Jabulani Maluleke when it comes to commitment and discipline. Maluleke turned 38 last month and Larsen believes the veteran midfielder, who has been playing top flight football for 15 years, still has what it takes to kick the ball for a few more years before he can hang up his boots. Maluleke joined Rise and Shine in 2014 from SuperSport United. “Jabu is amazing,” said Larsen. “The hunger and commitment he has of playing football is like that of a young boy. “Jabu works hard all the time. The good thing about him is that he is disciplined and is a good leader. “Many youngsters should learn from him and I am proud to work with him and I am sure he will play for some few years before he can retire. Jabu looks after himself and he makes a positive impact in our team all the time.” The former Golden Arrows mentor also explained that the reason he doesn’t play the ex-Matsatsantsa a Pitori player for the whole 90 minutes recently is because they have to look after him. “Look, Jabu is our captain and he has a big influence on the players, inside and outside the field,” said Larsen. “So as a technical team, we have to be careful how we play him. We want him in the team for a long time and for that, we have to be careful how we play him. “Jabu always gives his best when he is on the field or at training. It’s also up to us to help him play for more years, and we must spare him.” Some of the players Maluleke played with at United in the 2009/10 season who have already retired include Daine Klate (35), Letladi Madubanya (36), Tsietsi Mahoa (38) and Thabo September (37). Bafana Bafana legend Siyabonga Nomvethe is another player who is still kicking the ball. Nomvethe, who came back from retirement this season to join GladAfrica Championship side Uthongathi, is now 42 year old and still going strong. The former Kaizer Chiefs star has been playing football for more than 20 years, and the Durban-born player boasts 81 national team caps.