JUST LIKE any other person, stripper Bubbly’s business has been hard hit by the virus. But corona won’t force this creative woman to keep her clothes on. BUBBLY NOW STRIPS IN THE COMFORT AND SAFETY OF HER OWN HOME! Stripper and actor Bubbly, whose real name is Noluvuyo Sodela (27) from Kwazakhele in Port Elizabeth, has come up with a way to make money from home. She hosts online shows at her home, promoting the Stay at Home movement and helping guys to have some fun without leaving the house. “I don’t give up. I always have a Plan B,” said Bubbly, who said not performing her shows at strip clubs and lounges was costing her money. “Now I do my striptease on Instagram.” She said if people want to see her show they buy her pre-recorded three-minute clip. “They can watch me having fun with myself for R500,” she said. “I also do more exclusive requests, but there is no physical contact with anyone. I call my clips soft porn.” She said her shows are not just erotic but also educational. She said that while she’s digitally seducing her fans, she talks about hygiene and safe sex. Bubbly said she’s lost many gigs. “I had bookings for bachelor parties and entrepreneur functions. I had a business expo on 4 April, and my future plans are on hold.” She said she’s been in the industry for more than three years. “I should have made more money but I have to understand and accept the situation,” she said. She said strippers are special. “Sex is an important part of human life and we should be able to talk about it without shame,” she said. “This means that those who choose to work in the sex industry should be able to do so with the same labour, occupational health and safety rights and protections as other workers.” Bubbly said she regretted wasting her time at school. “I should have stayed at home and studied in the winter season because I made enough money,” she said. Bubbly went to drama and film school after matric but she didn’t finish. “I had a lot of family problems that affected my performance at art school. I’m also an entrepreneur. I run my own company called Bubbly Bling Concepts. It’s a gift hamper and decor business. “I took a break from clubs to focus on the business. I’m not getting any younger. I want to have my own wealth. If I meet a rich guy that wants me to settle down with him, he must at least buy me some nice boobs first.”