 IN THEIR time of loss, all the family wanted was to bury their loved one with love and dignity. But instead, unbearable indignity was added to their pain and suffering. NOTHING WOULD EVER ERASE THE DISGRACE THEY EXPERIENCED AT THE GRAVESIDE. Happiness Diaba (54) told Daily Sun her sister Ntombizodwa Phiri died on 13 March and was supposed to be buried on 21 March. Doves Funerals called and told them the coffin needed to be extended to accommodate her sister, who was a size 60. “We accepted that. We did as we were told and announced the funeral had been postponed,” said Happiness. But when the deceased was brought home to Katlehong in Ekurhuleni on Friday, the coffin was carried as if it was about to break or fall. “They put it on a trolley and took it to the tent, not the house. It was sad that she had to stay outside because the coffin couldn’t fit through the door,” she said. But the worst horror was yet to come. Happiness said the coffin broke as they were filling the grave at the cemetery. “The coffin broke on both sides and the top slid off to the right. “It was so embarrassing but the burial had to continue. I’ve never experienced such hurt. “My sister was buried in an undignified way and nothing will ever put our hearts at ease.” Ntombizodwa’s husband Albert Manyathi said: “Nothing will ever make up for what they did. I’m so disappointed. I trusted them to bury my wife with dignity, but they couldn’t do that for me. I’m so hurt.” Ntombizodwa’s son Tebogo (37) said: “The disrespect from Doves is too much. They saw what happened but didn’t discuss it after the funeral. “They carried on as if nothing happened until aunt Happiness complained.” His sister Sibongile (30) said: “I don’t think my mum will rest in peace. Her first day in the grave and her face was already smeared with soil.” Johan Rousseau from the Funeral Industry Reformed Association told Daily Sun: “It’s sad that funerals don’t have much regulations protecting families, but we will assist the family.” Doves regional manager Jabulani Makhalima confirmed that the screenshot indicating his apology is indeed his. “I understand their query and we’re willing to help with what they’d like Doves Funerals to do for them, but they’re not taking our calls so we’re still waiting.”