Tennis SA (TSA) board members Ntambi Ravele and Gavin Crookes, took voluntary leave of absence from the sport to allow the federation to conduct an internal investigation against them. TSA will appoint a special sub-independent committee to review the conduct of Ravele and TSA president Crookes regarding the SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sasoc) nomination dispute. Ravele took Crookes and former Sascoc acting President Barry Hendricks to arbitration for political interference. Ravele accused Hendricks for allegedly influencing Crookes and TSA board not to endorse her as a Sascoc presidential nominee in February.  The case between Crookes, Ravele and Hendricks will be heard by Sascoc arbitration after the lockdown. TSA will do their own investigations on Ravele and Crookes. CEO Ricard Glover confirmed that Ravele and Crookes have taken voluntary leave of absence from their TSA board responsibilities for the duration of the process.  “TSA review will be separate to the proposed Sascoc arbitration matter, as the TSA review is specially focused on the two board members fiduciary duties and obligations to TSA, as well as to the board of TSA,” said Glover. When asked why she decided to excuse herself from TSA board member duties, Ravele said: You know what, to me the most important thing is the need for us to identify what is wrong in sport. If, there is wrongdoing I think that it’s needs to be exposed so that it can save the sport,” she said. The former boxing CEO said that she was not forced to take leave. “No, I was not forced. I understand that they could be conflict of interest with me sitting in the meeting while they are discussing me. So, I don’t have any problem with staying away. No, I have nothing to hide I’m open as a book. I just want what is best for the sport to happen. I decided to step aside because it’s a good governance issue.” Said Ravele. She also expressed her shock at former Sascoc acting President Hendricks, who is contesting his suspension from the Olympic movement. She said: “I’m quite surprised with Barry fighting Sascoc instead of stepping aside while the investigations are on-going there is nothing wrong with that. It’s a sign of good governance.” But will her voluntary leave of absence from TSA affect her Sascoc arbitration? Ravele said she hopes not.  “That is my concern because these activities are going to run parallel and I don’t know how these two processes are going to be conducted. But I think that it’s for Sascoc to decide. But personally, I would like one process to be completed and followed by another one.”