Over 300 refugees were bused to Belville by cops last week after they were removed from the Methodist church at Green market Square. The group was staying at the church for five months. But Cape Town Mayor Dan Plato said the removal was hurried and the group that was moved to a tent in Belville is not living according to the applicable laws of COVID-19. “The result is that the accommodation of over 500 persons currently at that site is not compliant with the applicable COVID-19 regulations and this may well result in a further relocation being required in due course,” said Plato. Another group of over 100 refugees that moved out of the church after a factional dispute are camped along Albertus Street in the CBD without water, soap or any protective clothing to fight COVID-19. They told Daily Sun that they are willing to be moved to a safe place. “We are willing to be take into other places as long as we are safe because the way we are living on the streets is inhuman. If the virus is to be amongst us it would spread faster than a veld fire,” said Jean Nkem (45). The City of Cape Town said Wingfield site was identified by Minister of Public Works Patricia De Lille to be used for sheltering the refugees during coronavirus outbreak. Mayor Dan Plato said: “We immediately took occupation of that site for the purposes of preparing it for the erection of tents and basic services for this purpose, and we aredoing so in a manner that ensures applicable social distancing for the duration of the National Disaster,” he said. Plato said they also jointly with national government identified Paint City site in Belville as a spot to shelter the homeless and the tent was sourced from De Lille’s office. Plato said he was shocked to see the cops taking refugees to the place before it was ready.  He castigated SAPS for the premature removal of refugees from the church before the place they were moved was not yet ready. “Unfortunately, for reasons that are still unknown to me, the removal of the refugees from the church at Green Market Square on Thursday carried out by SAPS, was premature and did not conform to our agreement in this regard. The Wingfield site was not yet ready for occupation and the church refugees were  moved to the Paint City site by SAPS without the City’s agreement,while that site was also not yet ready,” said Plato. 