SPORTS, Arts and Culture Minister, Nathi Mthethwa, will today announce an independent adjudication panel to sit on the two panels already existing to work around the process on how to disburse the R150 million relief intervention fund. Following the coronavirus outbreak, Mthethwa’s department has set aside R150m to help athletes and artists who were badly affected financially by the pandemic that has seen the country locked down for almost a month. Speaking on a 24-hour TV news channel, Mthethwa confirmed they had already received 6 000 applications before the 6 April deadline, and they are sorting them out. He said they have used all the money that his department had budgeted for the first quarter of the 2020-21 financial year and redirected it to this relief fund, to “ensure we soften the blow of Covid-19 to athletes...” “We have announced a shortlist of the people who have applied. The department is busy with the logistics, sorting it out,” Mthethwa said. “Essentially, the programme of starting with applications and the dispatching of the relief will effectively start next week. “We have already appointed the two adjudication panels. One is for sport and recreation drawn from people in that area – the sporting fraternity and people who are in government on issues of financing and funding sport, for instance the Sports Trust, Sascoc and so on. “The arts and culture panel will be presided by experts in the field – artists themselves on different aspects. Those are balanced panels who are going to be independent from the department and be able to make decisions, and of course adjudicate on the entire spectrum.” He said beneficiaries for this fund will come from people who had their events cancelled and those whose functions were abandoned by government, and freelancers. He added: “They vary, and this is the duty of the panels to sit down and look at those details and look at who gets what. But in the criteria, we made is clear that the department has the rights of the quantum of the people who will be getting it at the end. “This is just a relief intervention and is dictated to by what is available at our disposal.” In a statement seen by SunSport, the department is asking athletes, their coaches and technical support responsible for the athletes who were confirmed to participate in events that have been cancelled to provide them with proof of their bookings and cancellations. Further more, the department wants the athletes’ taxes to be in good standing. “Please note that the relief payments will be made after the date on which cancelled or postponed event would have been held,” part of the statement reads.