THERE is a growing concern about the state of stadiums used by PSL and GladAfrica Championship clubs in Mzansi during the lockdown. South Africa is under a 21-day nationwide lockdown until 16 April to combat the spread of coronavirus. The question remains, who is maintaining all the stadiums when everybody is forced to stay at home in the quest to control the spread of COVID-19? Soccer pitches that PSL clubs use for their home matches are expected to be in bad condition due to lack of maintenance. The problem in South Africa is that clubs don’t own their stadiums. They rent them from municipalities and the maintenance remains the responsibility of the respective cities. But as they comply with President Cyril Ramaphosa’s lockdown, could it be a problem? Not so for some... Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium, under the control of the eTthekwini Municipality, have applied Primo Maxx turf. According talkingturf.co.za, this plant’s growth regulator promotes denser, healthier turf that is better and able to withstand a variety of stresses including heat, drought and diseases. “It slows the production of gibberellic acid, a plant hormone that promotes cell elongation,” it says. It is useful in the management of difficult-to-mow areas and can be used to minimise the need for edging turf grass, greencastonline.com explains. “Multiple applications will reduce water use and improve drought tolerance,” it says about the Moses Mabhida Stadium ingredient. Durban stadiums operations manager Lunga Lamola, whose office looks after Moses Mabhida Stadium, King Zwelithini Stadium, Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium and Princess Magogo Stadium, said sprinklers were also automated to water the venues. “Nowadays things are modernised. Our sprinklers were programmed automatically,” said Lamola. “We had to mitigate and set our sprinklers to water the grass, and spray the grass with the correct chemicals so that it can grow slowly.” Stadium Management SA chief executive Bertie Grobbelaar was also not concerned about grass growing long or being eaten by termites. He said they have service providers who are maintaining the venues that they manage such as the FNB Stadium, Orlando and Dobsonville Stadiums. He added there’s electrical and plumbing personnel doing daily inspections at the venues, ensuring that the grass is maintained. “Like any other business, we had to plan for the future,” said Grobbelaar. “It is difficult because we don’t know when we’ll schedule again. So we are busy with contingency planning.”