ALEXANDRA residents were out in numbers as covid-19 mass testing and screening was rolled out in the area. Joburg’s region E being the epicenter had 16 testing stations with seven of them being in Alexandra. Over 5000 people were expected to be screened and tested in the region. Resident, Jimmy Ramonyai, who was among those who made it to the station, said he wants to know his status in regard to the Covid-19. “I came here to test because we must take the Coronavirus very seriously, and people are not taking it as dangerous as it is.” He said the want to know his status so that he won’t affect those who maybe be around him. He urged people to come and test and said that it wasn’t a scary process. Due to high level of non-compliance in Alexandra, Jimmy said people must respect the law and respect each other by staying indoors. “Some are complying, but some are not complying probably because they haven’t had someone close to them having the virus. “It is like when someone dies, when you are not closer to them you won’t feel the same pain as those who are related to those people.” Mogeru Morewane Chief Director of Joburg Metro Health district, said they don’t want to wait for people to be sick for them to test them. Speaking to Daily Sun, she said, “We have decide that we are going to be proactive, we are not going to wait for everybody to get sick and start treating them. “We want to go out to come and screen and test them all people that are around here. There are also teams that go house to house.” There seem to be a lot confusion in communities around the difference between screening and testing. Mogeru explained, “Screening is when we ask you about the signs and symptoms, but testing, is when we take swabs from you and is taken to laboratory for analysis.” Another resident Mavis Mabele, who was in the queue to be tested said lack of food was the reason why people in Alexandra are always in the streets. “In Alex we don’t have order. The problem is food. “If we can get food, we can be able to stay put in the house. She said also wanted to test so that she can know where she stand as far covid-19 is concerned. 