Fighting COVID-19 needs to be done from all frontiers of the community in order to save lives. Non-government organisations Lulwazi Lwethu and Digital Express handed over 1000 face masks to Gugulethu residents on Thursday afternoon. The founder of the organisation Lulu Nongogo said kasi people need the masks but majority of them do not afford to buy them. “Many people here in kasi do not even afford to buy a slice of bread, so how will they afford to buy a mask, to them it’s not a priority. Some of them when I spoke to them, they didn’t actually know why they should wear masks,” said Nongogo. Today she targeted Gugulethu Day Hospital in Gugulethu and Masincedane clinic and Gugulethu mall. She said patients at hospitals are the ones who need the masks first especially the elderly who are apparently the vulnerable group from COVID-19 attacks. Nongogo said they manufactured re-usable masks to ensure that residents can use them repeatedly and avoid spending their savings on buying masks. “These masks are reusable, you can wash it as much as you want and wash it. These non-usable are expensive for our people because you can only use it once and throw it away,” said Nongogo. Councillor Sharon Manata of ANC in Gugulethu who was part of the team that assisted Lwazi Lwethu to distribute the masks told group of patients about physical distancing. “You should not be sitting like what you are doing right now because the virus can easily be transferred just because of this physical contact that you have with each other. You must leave at least one meter between one another, you will still all get your medication. We don’t want to lose our people so lets take this virus seriously. It is killing people, it is not a joke and you don’t want to wake up when it hits your family member,” she said. Thobeka Zonke (34) who was fetching her medication from Gugulethu Day Hospital said she was happy to receive masks. “I saw people wearing these masks but they are nowhere to be found on the shops. I’m glad I got one today, I will do my best to stay safe and away from corona,” she said. Gogo Nozibele Ndlela (66) said: “We thank Lulu and her group for teaching us more of this disease, we learnt that it is attacking the elderly so I will do my best to stay safe.” Nongogo said they are still going to distribute more masks in Philippi and Khayelitsha in the coming days.