IT HAS been confirmed that four SA National Defence Force members have tested positive for the coronavirus. The defence force wouldn’t say much about them other than that three were from Western Cape and one from Gauteng. SA Military Health Services said it was important to remember the military community included dependents of soldiers, retired soldiers and those taking care of them. The surgeon general’s office said all cases were being treated. It also said front line workers, including medical teams, nurses, doctors and porters, had been given personal protective equipment. “Other preventative measures include thermal screening, hand sanitising and wearing of surgical masks by personnel,” said the office in a statement. The office said quarantine and isolation facilities had been identified in preparation for overflow into military hospitals across the country. Meanwhile, Nehawu hit out at the private healthcare industry after it emerged 12 workers at Mediclinic Morningside in Joburg had tested positive. Union spokesman Zola Saphetha said: “As Nehawu, we want to make it clear that a failure to protect workers is tantamount to murder. “The attitude and negligence of the managers in the industry is making a mockery of the report presented to the nation by Professor Salim Abdool Karim on South Africa’s epidemic.” Saphetha claimed the private sector was not following regulations to keep workers safe. “Nehawu has always fought relentlessly against the maximisation and prioritisation of profits above the health and safety of our members and workers. “Through these tragic incidents, Nehawu is vindicated in its numerous calls to private healthcare role providers to stop worshipping profit margins against the plight of the poor and marginalised working class. “It is very unfortunate that even during this time when as a country, we are faced with the mammoth challenge of confronting the outbreak, the private healthcare sector is still hell-bent on maximising their profits and being overly concerned about their standing at the JSE,” said Saphetha.