 CITIZENS DEFYING the law, and heavy-handed security have kept kasi in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons.But the cat-and-mouse game in Alex may soon be over.OPERATION STAY AT HOME MAY JUST BE THE LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL! Alexandra kasi, east of Joburg, has seen many instances of residents ignoring the lockdown regulations – rushing into their houses when the cops approach, and coming back out onto the street the minute the police go around the corner. Push-ups and frog jumps were some of the lighter punishments handed out to residents found on the street without a valid reason. A man was killed last week, allegedly at the hands of the army. On Tuesday a group of residents clashed with the police, over the handing out of food parcels. But the birth of Operation Stay At Home (Osah) has made a difference in some of the busy streets of Alexandra. The Osah group encourage the public to stay indoors and share information with them about the deadly coronavirus. “I’m pleased with their initiative,” said resident Amkulenani Macheke. “It has helped a lot. I have notice people playing out in the streets, but people seem to be staying indoors a lot more.” Resident Bontle Tau said the group members are great. “People are becoming aware of the disease. It tackles the stereotype that people in Alex are not listening,” said Tau. “Sure, there are still some chancers here and there, but if someone dies, then they will take it seriously.” Simon Sekhitla, the leader of the group of 25, told Daily Sun the formation of Osah was because the people were not serious about the situation. “It broke my heart when I saw people roaming around in the streets after the lockdown was announced as if nothing had changed,” he said. “So I got some of my friends together to go out onto the streets and share information about the virus and to talk about the importance of staying at home.” He said they went to the councillor with the idea and asked the cops to help. He said everything they have done has been with the cops and sometimes with the army. “We ask parents to keep their children indoors,” he said. “If the kids are bored with that, we ask parents to at least keep them in the yard.” He said some of the parents were asking them to echo the message loudly to their children so they could stay at home. “We never use force. We encourage people to go into their houses. Most people listen, but others are difficult,” he said. He said they patrol mostly during the day as they have few people working with law enforcement at night. Group member Vincent Ndima said he joined because many people in the township didn’t understand the situation. “People listen to ordinary people more easily when we talk about lockdown,” he said. “We also tell them to teach their children how to wash their hands because not everyone can afford hand sanitiser.” Alexandra councillor, Adolph Marema, said: “We are fighting an invisible enemy. We need assistance from the community wherever we can get it. We have taken it upon ourselves as community leaders to go out into the streets and to do an educational campaign. The faster we flatten the curve of infections, the better it will be for everybody.” He said if peole stayed off the streets, they wouldn’t come into conflict with security forces.