HIGHLANDS Park star Lindokuhle Mbatha might be on the wrong side of thirty but he feels as good as ever. The speedy winger from Newcastle in KwaZuluNatal turns 34 in June, an age in professional football that doesn’t leave much space for great dreams in the future. That, however, will not be the case for Mbatha who is not willing to accept any suggestions that his best days are behind him. Mbatha is a firm believer in the saying: “Age is just a number.” And he constantly proves it when he steps on the field, showing many of his younger opponents a clean pair of heels with his blistering pace. He has also become one of the most important figures in the Highlands dressing room along with the likes of Reneilwe Letsholonyane and other experienced players. They set the bar for the younger players at the club to follow. “I’m not even thinking of retirement at the moment, I’m still enjoying my football,” revealed Mbatha. “Of course, I’m aware that I will not play football forever, but I want to play for as long as possible. “I’m at a club where I’m getting regular game time. I can contribute positively towards the team’s course so I’m happy. “All I ever wanted to do was to play football. And for as long as I still have the ability and talent, that is what I will do.” Mbatha revealed that his secret to maintaining his blistering pace, even at what many might believe is the twilight of his career, is consistency. “God blessed me with this talent. I don’t think anyone can take it away. I just live the same way I have been living for years,” added the former Mamelodi Sundowns and Platinum Stars winger. “Speed is something that I have been blessed with, I have always been a quick player, but I believe my skill is what makes everything work out. “I won’t lie and say I have a special diet or whatever, I don’t eat anything I didn’t eat a few years ago. “I train the same way I have always trained, hard. That is my secret.” Mbatha has played 26 times for the Tembisa outfit this season, bagging six assists to his name.