 South Africa has been on a national lockdown for the past 21 days and has been extended for another two weeks. The majority of universities and schools have encouraged learners to continue studying at home, but this can get extremely hard for some, so here are 10 tips to help you study at home. Get changed out of your pyjamas It’ll help you get in the right headspace for working and means you can take video calls throughout the day if necessary. Create a morning routine Have a shower, get dressed, grab a cup of coffee, do a quick workout, have a decent breakfast, do some meditation - create a routine that starts your day positively and ends with you doing work. Maintain regular hours Set a schedule and stick to it. Having guidelines for when to work and when to call it a day helps maintain a work-life balance. Have a dedicated study space Ensure your space is quiet, organised and distraction-free! ask family, friends, and colleagues to respect your working hours, so you’re not interrupted or distracted unnecessarily. If you do have to work from your bedroom, try and make a sacred space for sleeping and relaxing where work is banned. Build a study plan Plan ahead using a calendar. Creating to-do lists at the start of each week can help you prioritize and stay on track with your studies. It can help to break down tasks into time limits, so you know how long each task should take on average which can keep you focused and also work to help your self-discipline. Take regular breaks Your productivity will decrease if you are feeling tired or frustrated. When taking a break, make sure you get away from your study space; you need a change of scenery. Even stopping to open a window and get some fresh air will help you maintain balance, renew energy and allow you to go back to studying with a clear head. Don’t short-change yourself during breaks either, especially your lunch break. Ask for help when you need it Your lecturers are on hand to help you, so make sure you ask for help if you’re struggling, feel like you’re falling behind, or not feeling motivated. By asking questions, you can also help your tutors evaluate the effectiveness of online teaching, and not only do you help yourself, but you could also be helping your virtual classmates who are having similar difficulties. Keep connected In uncertain times it is important to remember the power of friendship. Reach out to each other virtually, keep in touch with your classmates on social media. Stay motivated Don’t underestimate the effort it’ll take to commit to studying online during these turbulent times. Decorate your study space, have healthy snacks ready to boost your energy, reward yourself for ticking things off your to-do list, listen to music or stick on a podcast - find out what helps you focus. Stay positive It’s important to keep positive during hard times, only consume as much information and media as you can handle and keep yourself busy. The world is a scary place right now, but this too will pass. 