Residents of the Afrikaner stronghold, Orania in the
Northern Cape say they are struggling during the lockdown as their economic
activities have been halted. Residents are adhering to the regulations of the lockdown
and have closed businesses and schools. SABC reports that the residents are also wearing masks and
screening community members. Orania is situated along the Orange River and is known as
an Afrikaner only town which runs its economy independently from South Africa
with its own currency, the Ora. Orania has been running itself since 1991. The town’s
economy, which depends mostly on the agriculture industry, has also been
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic national lockdown. About 2 000 residents have been screened and tested and
no COVID-19 cases have been reported in the town. The Head of Orania Movement Joost Strydom told the SABC
that since the town is running its own economy, residents are feeling the
impact of the lockdown. “Economy can also cost lives in terms of hunger and so
on. What we did in Orania is we stayed inside as the rules of the lockdown, but
we also kept innovating. We got multiple people making masks. Also, the
agricultural sector, which is very big here in the area, is very important for
us as Orania. You know it’s a sector that’s been excluded from the lockdown. It
doesn’t mean you can do what you want we need to be socially responsible but we
got our people working on farms keeping social distance and producing food for
the nation.” The Afrikaner community hopes their economy will be back
on its feet soon after the lockdown. Residents hope things will get back to
normal, saying it’s everyone’s duty to play an integral part to combat the
pandemic. ”Schools and businesses are also affected, but we have
come up with innovative ways for learners to study at home.” On Twitter, a lot of people appear not to have sympathy
for the people on Orania. Most say they should solve their own problems since they
want independence and have their own currency.     