The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have widespread impact on the world with an alarming increase in infections, daily. In support of the fight against the virus, L’Oréal South Africa has started producing hand sanitisers under its natural beauty brand Garnier. The Group’s local factory in Midrand, Johannesburg is producing sanitisers to support the needs of local health facilities, communities and retailers.  Twenty thousand hand sanitisers from the initial production will be donated to the South African COVID-19 Solidarity Fund to assist: Healthcare facilities with safe guarding healthcare and essential workers who are working on the front line. During these unprecedented times, we strongly believe that is our responsibility to support the teams who display courage and unwavering commitment to caring for patients. Vulnerable communities because community transmission is a high concern in densely populated areas where people are more susceptible. Hygiene measures such as frequent hand cleansing is an important factor in fighting the virus. Retailer support - Garnier will distribute an additional ten thousand hand sanitisers to local retailers’ employees free of charge. Providing this support is a way for Garnier to protect and thank those who are working tirelessly to meet the country’s daily essential needs. Garnier hand sanitisers are also available for purchase from Clicks, Dischem, Take-A-Lot, Checkers, Makro and Pick n Pay. “In this unprecedented crisis that is impacting so many people, especially in vulnerable communities, it is our responsibility to contribute to the collective effort. Through these actions, we express our recognition, our support and our solidarity towards those who are demonstrating extraordinary courage and selflessness in their efforts to combat the COVID-19”, says Gilles Antoine, L’Oréal South Africa Country Manager. Globally, Garnier has contributed 1 million euros to support the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) in addition to solidarity initiatives implemented by L’Oréal subsidiaries across the world.