THERE’S a lot of uncertainty as to what is likely to happen to the current PSL season. The Covid-19 pandemic is wrecking havoc worldwide and Mzansi too is feeling wrath of this deadly virus. As a result, football in the country, just like other sports in the world, has been put on hold until further notice. A number of suggestions have been put on the table as to how the season should be concluded. With the never-ending coronavirus nightmare, which may result in the beautiful game only coming back only after the end of April, we take a look at players who were on course to win major accolades at the awards. HERE IS OUR PICK: PSL Footballer of the Season: Lebogang Manyama has certainly had a fantastic season so far. He has raised his hand to lead Kaizer Chiefs with Khama Billiat flopping, after so much was expected from him. Manyama has scored some vital goals that kept Amakhosi in the hunt for their first league trophy in five years. Coach of the Season: Ernst Middendorp deserves to wrestle the accolade from Pitso Mosimane of Mamelodi Sundowms. Not much was expected from the grumpy German who in the past, has had so many fall-outs with the media, supporters and referees. But he has turned the club around and is on the verge of his first league title in Mzansi. Young Player of the Season: Sipho Mbule of SuperSport United must be given the nod to take the title from his teammate Teboho Mokoena, who won it last year. The young lad has grabbed the opportunity given to him by his coach Kaitano Tembo and has not disappointed with some powerful displays. Goalkeeper of the Season: Daniel Akpeyi has relegated SA number goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune to the bench. After an erratic start, the gigantic shot-stopper is in line to bag the award. He will face stiff competition from Richard Ofori. Defender of the Season: Maritzburg United’s Rushine de Reuck has been a pillar of strength for the Team of Choice. He is only 24 years old but he has already marked Leonardo Castro and Samir Nurkovic out of a match. His anticipation is awesome and has already attracted the interest of Orlando Pirates. Midfielder of the Season: Themba Zwane has scored nine goals this season. Not a lot of midfielders in the PSL get to achieve this feat. He has proven that he is not just a dribbling wizard only, but he has contributed immensely to Sundowns’ chase for the league title. Absa-lutely Awesome Goal: Hlompho Kekana unleashed a long-range thunderbolt that almost decapitated Cape Town City goalkeeper Peter Leeuwenburgh in Atteridgeville. Kekana’s rocket looked like it was launched from as far as Moroe Park in Pheli. MTN8 Last Man Standing: Thamsanqa Gabuza Telkom KO Player of the Tournament: Themba Zwane (Sundowns)