NO one saw it coming . . .Not even state presidents from across the world could have imagined that the coronavirus pandemic would be this devastating.Sporting clubs from all codes were also caught napping while the virus, also known as Covid-19, spread like wildfire across the globe and left many locked in their households without being able to move.Football supporters were also not spared the wrath of this pandemic, which has seen all leagues across the world suspended indefinitely, to save players from contracting the contagious flu-like virus.In South Africa, PSL club fans are crying boredom and wonder when will life return to normality and they can sing and dance at the stadium as they rally behind their respective teams.Without any shadow of doubt, most supporters who spoke to SunSport said they respected government’s decision to cancel everything and confine all South Africans to their homes for 21 days in the nationwide lockdown period until 16 April.In their frustration, here is what they had to say: MASILO MACHAKA (KAIZER CHIEFS) Without mincing his words, the Joburg businessman said the 2019-20 Absa Premiership trophy will finally end with Chiefs. Machaka, popularly known for his Machaka headgear, says this Covid-19 pandemic has made him lose his mind and business. He owns a clothing shop, Grace S Boutique and Saloon, situated at corner of Bree Street and Nugget Street in Jozi’s city centre. “This trophy is coming to Chiefs, I don’t care who says what. Our cabinet has been empty for over four seasons, but now something is coming, but that is if the season was to continue. We have handled the pressure from Sundowns and Pirates very well. This is ours.” Machaka said he wanted Amakhosi to win fair and clean, hence he believes they should not be gifted the trophy should the PSL’s Board of Governors decide to nullify the season. “It has to be done properly and neat – fairness in football,” said the father of Kamogelo, who hails from Botlokwa in Limpopo. “We don’t want to be called Covid-19 champions’.” He said he was adapting to life being locked inside his yard. “I used to go to soccer matches, cricket, rugby and I buy tickets myself. This is how I love sport. It is in my genes. But now I am forced to help my wife with the daily house chores, such as to clean the house, cook, feed the child and ironing. I pray this virus would be eliminated. But let’s be honest, even when a solution is found, life will never be the same.” PHILLIP JWARA (PIRATES) The 48-year-old unemployed Pirates supporter from Nancefield, Soweto, says he has not only lost out on his passion of spending weekends at the stadium, but he has also lost out on his sports betting. The nationwide lockdown saw his dream of opening new supporter branches fade. “We were due to open the Bhizana supporters branch in Port Elizabeth and the Durban South branch. When asked who pays for all his travel and match tickets, Jwara said he relied on support from his club. “The fun is over. But I believe Pirates can still catch up when the season resumes as Chiefs and Sundowns would have lost momentum when we return. The fighting spirit is there at Pirates. But let’s not be in a hurry and focus on fighting this disease.” COLLY MOATSHE (KAIZER CHIEFS) The 43-year-old police officer from Riverside View in Joburg says he has been keeping himself busy by enforcing law and order in the streets. Speaking to SunSport from his night shift, Moatshe, popularly known for imitating of Chiefs players in the grand stands, has advised people to abide by the law and stay home. “As much as we miss our football, it can wait,” he said. “Our health comes first. I miss football too much, but that does not warrant the risk of me getting the coronavirus. Even though I am an SAPS member, I stay home every time when I am not on duty. “At this stage all officers are not allowed to cross provinces and are on standby, in case of any emergency. I stay home and watch all the old matches on TV.”