A sex therapist once asked in a social media post: “Have we quantified sex?" Simply put, can everything related to sex be measured, from how long it took in terms of rounds, to how many times you both orgasmed? Sex has become a battlefield of who survives and manages to outplay the other. One of the biggest questions always being asked is: Does size matter during sex? According to recent research men, just like women worry about their bodies and about how fat or thin they are. Men are becoming conscious about how they look. The crunch comes when they must be honest about their sexuality, specially the size of their penis. In November, urologists and sex therapists across the world ran online polls of their clients' sexual experiences. When couples were asked about what first attracted them to their partners, most said it was their confidence. It was not limited to how well they spoke, but was also about how they looked physically, especially when naked. Women are drawn to confidence, not arrogance and depending how confident you look before the main event, you could surprisingly win her over sexually despite your size. But the question of the exact size remains a debate. What is the right size - if there is such a thing? Anne Semans, marketing director for sex toy boutique chain Babeland shared the following: “We’ve put such inflated importance on size, and as a result, women’s eyes are bigger than their vaginas”. Semans knows women’s size preferences, at least when it comes to dildos. Babeland’s most popular model measures about 15cm long and about 3cm around, though women do seek longer and fatter too. “The cultural perception is bigger is going to feel better, But, she said, that’s not always the case. In fact, women who overreach end up returning dildos (unopened, of course). “Too big and you’re going to need a lot of lube, there more friction and it might chafe,” Semans said. “Even your orgasmic contractions may be less powerful.” In conclusion, it's different strokes for different folks, but again be careful what you wish for, you just might get it and not be too happy about it.  