EVEN though Maryland in the United States may be regarded as safer in terms of Covid-19 infections, there is still fear gripping the community. This came up during an interview with Portia Sibiya, a South African living in that part of the world. Portia said they have reached a stage where “we treat one another as if we’ve all been exposed.” She said Covid-19 death statics showed that youngsters under 40, especially black people, were the main victims. Portia warned: “Reasons here are understood. Young people are generally reckless. Unfortunately, they are the ones who help speed up the spread of Covid-19. This is real and very deadly. “Partying with friends is not smart. Lockdown and social distancing literally means isolating and implementing safe and healthy practices. “It’s okay to drop food and essential supplies for loved ones, as long as it is contactless.” She said another reason was that black people were still dealing with the effects of the past such as poverty, lifestyle diseases and poor access to good healthcare. “These conditions mirror the situation at home, hence I am sad to state that I have no idea how South Africa will cope if Covid-19 infections escalate. “Many people do not even have access to water to be able to wash their hands,” she said. Portia said their lives had been hanging since last month. Portia said generally, Maryland had been a good state to live in. She said even though grocery stores and pharmacies were open for business, restaurants were only open for takeaways but there was no assurance they could safely visit these places. She warned people about sharing information before verifying it. She said: “Thinking about the purpose or our intent before circulating something using our social media platforms can make a difference in our families, friends and communities’ mental well-being.” She said she often struggled with allergies in spring and this year was no different. “The difference now is that I have to aggressively treat every symptom that I would have ignored in the past such as light a headache, blocked nose as well as a sore or itchy throat. It’s crazy but I’m taking no chances,” she said.