THE SA Football Players’ Union (Safpu) is appalled by AmaZulu’s implementation of cutting their staff’s salaries. According to Safpu president, Thulaganyo Gaoshubelwe, he didn’t expect this from a team like Usuthu, who are one of few clubs supported by a major sponsor. Usuthu sent a letter to their players and technical staff last week telling them the club will not be able to pay full salaries for the month of April. This comes as the Absa Premiership was suspended last month until further notice due to the outbreak of coronavirus. But this decision has left Gaoshubelwe disappointed. He said AmaZulu shouldn’t have implemented the cuts as the club is sponsored by Spar, who are also part owners of the Durban-based side. “The club must show us the proof why they are cutting the players’ salaries,” said Gaoshubelwe. “If you say ‘I’m going to cut your salary’, show us that (proof). Sadly we don’t know the club’s cash flow, we are not employees of those teams, we do not work with them. “But they are duty bound to explain that aspect and show us why they want to cut the players’ salaries. “But we are calling for cool heads from all of us to deal with this matter in a most mature way as we are impacted by Covid-19.” Spar is a well-respected brand supermarket and has been operating during the lockdown as it is regarded as an essential service in the country. “AmaZulu are sponsored by Spar. We expect them to have made a few cents during this lockdown,” he said. “They should not have been really impacted that much (by the lockdown) as they have been operating.” With the league stopped, AmaZulu are not making extra income to pay salaries. They are losing on gate-takings and hospitality. They are relying heavily on the PSL monthly grant of R2 million. But at the same time, there’s no additional outlay to the club during the lockdown such as players appearance fees, win or draw bonuses, so it means they are able to save that money. AmaZulu general manager Lunga Sokhela said they have no problem engaging the union. “When they want to represent players, they can call me. They know my number,” said Sokhela. “Now they are looking for some relevance by engaging us through the media. If they want to discuss anything, please can they call me. “In either case, no player has written to me giving them mandate to speak on players’ behalf. Let them produce that and we can talk.”