 GAUTENG
acting MEC for Social Development, Panyaza Lesufi, said President Cyril
Ramaphosa was correct when he said the weak, vulnerable and the poor are at the
centre of economic recovery. He was
talking to the media at Tshwane Food Bank in Silverton on Thursday. Panyaza was
receiving donations from Meal SA. The group
has committed to donating 40 000 bags of Mealie Meal monthly for the next 3
months. Panyaza
said they have had people who have provided support to the department. “We’ve been
going through difficulties in reaching people who needed support especially
during the lockdown,” he said. He said
they are looking forward to the provincial government putting in the necessary
speed to register people who need help. He said
there are things they must be worried about. “The
capacity of space to register the high number of people, the kind of machinery
to identify those who qualify and how to distribute and for us to ensure that
even those that can’t come forward but qualify we must campaign for them to
come forward,” he said. Panyaza
said beneficiaries would be identified through the social department’s database
to eliminate chancers. He also
made a call to other businesses to come forward to ensure that no one was
hungry during these trying times as the country fights COVID-19. “We want to
warn those that want to be overnight heroes. We are saying you and any NGO we
don’t want to steal your thunder if you want to contribute let’s coordinate
because you might want to assist only to find out that you are spreading the
virus, “he said He said
they have targeted five types of beneficiaries. “Our
priority is homeless people. “The second
beneficiary is the people identified from the clinic as chronic people, the
third is child-headed families, the fourth are people that are at our shelters
for example victims of gender-based violence and the last group which is the
biggest and difficult to manage. “The
unemployment and non-grant recipients,” he said. Meal SA
Co-Chairman, Yunus Suleman, said they were proud to be part of the program. “We want to
thank the MEC for supporting us,” he said. He said
they rely on the social development department to get to the people. “This is
our small contribution to feeding the nation.”  