Police and soldiers impounded taxis in Enjoli Square Taxi rank in KwaZakhele, Port Elizabeth. This is after some of the taxi owners and drivers embarked on an illegal strike on Tuesday demanding compensation during the 21-days national lockdown. The strike left hundreds of social grant beneficiaries and shoppers stranded. The elderly said they were even victimised by jikeleza taxis as they charged them huge fees to take them back home. As early as 5am the taxi drivers and Avanza taxi drivers blocked roads with their vehicles. They even chased jikeleza taxis and ordered them not to ferry people. The M17 to Motherwell, Daku Road, Enjoli Square, Enjoli Road, and New Brighton roads were blocked, but the police use stun grenades and rubber bullets to disperse them. The K9 dog unit was also called to arrest some of the defiant taximen. The soldiers and military police arrived in a hippo, nyala and shut down the taxi ranks.  Taximen and taxi fare collectors were arrested. One of the angry taximen, Mawonga Johnson from the Uncedo Taxi Association, said: "This government treats us like fools. We are not consulted, and we are not treated equally as other forms of business. Our working hours and the number of passengers were reduced in order to curb the spread of the coronavirus. "Only the social grant recipients are important to this government. Since yesterday our working hours were increased from 5am to 8pm to transport the Sassa beneficiaries. "We decided not to work today for this government to see the need and importance of our services in this country. We will protest until our demands are met. "We demand compensation like all other businesses," Johnson said.  Kwayiyo Msustwana, spokesperson of the Uncedo Taxi Association, distanced themselves from the strike. "On Wednesday last week a decision was taken and our chairperson Zamani Rasmeni ordered us to tell our members to suspend our services after President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the 21 days of the national lockdown last week." Police spokesperson Captain Andre Beetge said: "Nine taxis were impounded and seven people arrested. But I don't have full details regarding their charges as I am still waiting for a full report." 