BUSINESSMAN Lebo Mokoena has confirmed to SunSport that he is keen to be the chairman of Bloemfontein Celtic one day. Mokoena said it pains him to see the Bloemfontein outfit struggling financially. He was sad when the club let go one of their coaches and former SA Under-23 star of 2000 Olympics, Abram Nteo, who helped Siwelele win last season’s MDC trophy. Nteo has since joined Chippa United as Rhulani Mokwena’s assistant coach and is touted as one of Mzansi’s up and coming coaches. “It pains me to see what is happening at Celtic,” said Mokoena, who was born and bred in Bloemfontein. “I love Bloemfontein Celtic with all my heart and soul. I’ll do everything in my power to own it.” Mokoena, owner of the Mokoena Group, previously offered to cough up R38-million as part of sponsorship for the club over three years. But he said that deal has been put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic. Just like last season, Celtic’s financial woes have hit the skids and SunSport reported that the technical staff were paid half of their salaries last month. But the club have since denied these reports. Mokoena owns a night club which is based in Pietermaritzburg where he has also relocated to, and is also an events organiser. Last season, Celtic chairman Max Tshabalala came out publicly to say he’ll only sell the club to a business person who is based in Bloemfontein, so the club won’t lose their passionate supporters. With Mokoena having signalled his intention and having had a number of meetings with the club’s bosses, talks are set to resume once the coronavirus has been contained. Mokoena has a strong interest in football. At the beginning of the season, he started a pre-season tournament called the Umsunduzi Cup that was played at Harry Gwala Stadium. It included Maritzburg United, Golden Arrows, AmaZulu and Bidvest Wits, which was ultimately won by Usuthu. Mokoena had earlier tried to buy GladAfrica Championship side Uthongathi FC but was turned down due to the complex nature of the ownership of the club.