FOR scores of families in many squatter camps across the Sun Land, battle to find food for survival each and every day is real. This has now turned into a massive headache during this national lock down. But the government, working together with local businesses have made sure that a food relief project, help feed the struggling families. Department of Social Development in Gauteng together with Gauteng Coaches and Al-Imdaad foundation have made the problem disappear. The trio is going around Mzansi, donating food parcels consisting of maize meal, tin stuff and other important food. On Sunday, the food relief project has hit different areas in the Vaal, where they made their donations. ’Speaking to Daily Sun, Bheki Ntsele, a ward Councilor in Ward 25 and also an MMC in Emfuleni Local Municipality said they are happy that the department together with sponsors are supplying food to their peoples. “There are 150 families who will be benefiting today. This is a great idea and also a supportive government initiative. People are locked down and people are not working. Since they are in their homes and they are foodless, the government has helped them a lot. We really appreciate the effort,” he said.Ntsele added that water and sanitation has also been in the area to help with jojo tanks. Qari Ziyaad Patel, who spoke on behalf of Al-Imdaad foundation, said they are happy that they could donate hundreds and thousands of meali meal bags. “The lock down means no work no pay and no pay, means no food. So this is what lead the idea to joining the government in giving people bags of mealie meal,” he said. Qari said their donation target is hundred thousand in the entire country during the lock down. “We will be giving out hundred thousand mealie meal to help the families with the basic necessity,” he added. Ntswaki Radebe (52) said she was happy to receive food parcel to help feed her family and grandchildren. “I normally work part time jobs. And since the lock down has started, I can’t do those jobs. This meant that I was not going to be able to feed my children. I am happy that the government, together with other sponsors have come to us and helped us survive this lock down,” she said. 