SHE THOUGHT she had the flu and didn’t think it could be serious. But she has since been admitted to a hospital in Ekurhuleni. THIS IS BECAUSE SHE HAS TESTED POSITIVE FOR CORONAVIRUS.And she wants to warn people, especially those still roaming the streets in the kasi, to take the virus seriously. “Don’t wait for the coronavirus to hit home for you to realise how dangerous it is. Stay at home and adhere to the lockdown regulations. Coronavirus is here. It’s real and it’s dangerous.” Speaking to Daily Sun from her hospital bed in isolation, the 35-year-old Checkers cashier said she didn’t know where she could have contracted the virus. “People must be careful. Those who can stay at home should stay indoors as much as possible. I was careful, but somehow I got it,” she said. The woman said she thought she had the flu two weeks ago. “I complained about having flu until I collapsed at work and had to be transported to hospital.” She only discovered she was infected with Covid-19 after she was tested at the hospital, where she has been admitted since 4 April. Describing the symptoms, she said: “I had shortness of breath when I collapsed at work. I had a fever, coughed and had a severe headache. I couldn’t breathe on my own in my first week in hospital and had to rely on a ventilator (supplementary oxygen). I could breathe on my own for only 10 minutes after a while and had to go back to the ventilator.” Her husband (47) also tested for the virus and received his results on Thursday, which also came back positive. The man, who’s in isolation, said he didn’t have any symptoms. “Quarantine life is hard, but I respect the law and don’t want to infect others.” He said the last time he saw his wife was when he took clothes for her to the hospital. Another staff member (33) from the same supermarket had said they were also tested. “One got the results on Friday. He tested positive. The rest of us are still waiting. We’re not coping and we want the store to close temporarily and get properly sanitised.” Shoprite Group, which the supermarket falls under, confirmed that the store was closed last Monday after one of its employees tested positive for Covid-19. “The store was closed immediately and a professional decontamination company was brought in to sanitise and deep clean the store before it reopened after inspection. “The employee was last in the store last Saturday and is recovering in hospital. All employees in the store have been screened and those who had close contact with the infected person are now self-quarantining for 14 days,” said the group in a statement. Ekurhuleni MMC for community safety Phaladi Mmoko said they visited the supermarket on Saturday after receiving concerns from the workers. He said they brought two mobile testing units and tested all the workers at the store, who were now awaiting their results. Mmoko said: “We went to the supermarket to ensure staff are safe and management confirmed that one worker tested positive and she’s in hospital.” 