HE ACHIEVED notable success as a youth coach in South Africa. Now Thabo Senong is looking to turn Lesotho into a competitive team using the same old and trusted methods. And how exactly is Senong planning to achieve his goal? Yep, creating a synergy between the national teams, from the Under-17 right up to the senior Crocodiles team. Senong served as assistant to then Bafana Bafana coach Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba while he also guided the U-20 national team for five years. As coach of the national U-17 side, Molefi Ntseki also served as an assistant to Senong and got elevated to the senior team. But for Senong, the upshot was the excellent spells as he won the U-20 Cosafa Cup and also qualifying Amajita for the 2017 and 2019 Fifa U-20 World Cup finals. He also achieved third place finishes at the 2017 and 2019 U-20 Caf Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). Senong was appointed as the Lesotho head coach in August, just seven days before their preliminary 2022 World Cup qualifiers against Ethiopia. Needless to say, the 39-year-old didn’t quite enjoy the best of starts to his tenure after Lesotho lost 1-1 on aggregate to a well-prepared Ethiopia, though the Crocodiles performed admirably. But that was just the beginning for Senong. The “walking football encyclopedia” has since had time to lay down his blueprint of how he intends to lift the Crocodiles from the depth of mediocrity and into a decent team. “It’s important to adapt my coaching philosophy to the players, to the mentality of Basotho because I need to respect what they have and try to be part of it and grow together as a collective coaching staff,” said Senong. “With my experience with Amajita and Bafana, I believe that the experience I have gathered can come handy to the Lesotho Football Association coaches.” It is worth noting Lesotho have never qualified for any major tournament in their history and they are not even competitive in the regional Cosafa Cup tournament across all age groups. And it goes without saying Senong has his work cut out for him, seeking to succeed where he predecessors have failed. However, as philosopher Albert Einstein once said, insanity is doing one thing over and over again hoping for a different result. That would mean Senong is adopting a different approach. “We have to fast-track young talent into the senior team through a uniform style of play and tactical principles in all our national teams,” Senong explained.