THE new football guidelines released by world governing body, Fifa, have been welcomed by football intermediaries and club administrators. Fifa said players whose contracts expire on 30 June will have them extended and should remain with their current clubs until their respective seasons have been concluded. This comes as most leagues around have been indefinitely put on hold due to the deadly coronavirus. The Fifa statement read: “Expiring player contracts usually end when the season ends, with a termination date that coincides with the end of the season. With the current suspension of play in most countries, it is now obvious that the current season will not end when people thought it would. “Therefore, it is proposed that contracts be extended until such time that the season does actually end. This should be in line with the original intention of the parties when the contract was signed and should also preserve sporting integrity and stability. “A similar principle applies to contracts due to begin when the new season starts, meaning the entry into force of such contracts is delayed until the next season actually does start.” According to Fifa, these amendments were unanimously reached by different stakeholders, including representatives of clubs, players, leagues, national associations and confederations. Not only most football leagues have been suspended, but sport in general was thrown into a turmoil with most events postponed or cancelled due to Covid-19. The Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship were also suspended last month. In the PSL, there are many players whose contracts end in June and as a result, players were left in the dark. Players such as Tsepo Masilela, Jabulani Ncobeni, Siyabonga Mbatha, Morgan Gould, Siyanda Xulu, Leonardo Castro, Joseph Molangoane, Thabo Rakhale and Moeneeb Josephs, just to name a few. Others who have signed pre-contracts with clubs are Kaizer Chiefs midfielder George Maluleka and Ajax Cape Town’s Grant Magerman with Mamelodi Sundowns and Stellenbosch FC striker Iqraam Rayners with SuperSport United. Mike Ngobeni of M-Sport management, who represents Khama Billiat and Justin Shonga, said this was a brilliant move from Fifa. “The contract has to end when the season ends or the PSL must announce the way forward. Remember this is national disaster, it’s a pandemic,” he said. “It is now not up to the contract, but it involves so many things.” AmaZulu general manager Lunga Sokhela added: “Under the circumstances, it’s a great idea.”