AN attack on educations seems to stop at
nothing. Just last week, several schools have been
broken into and some have been torched. While many hoped the attack will stop,
seems thugs continue to target more other schools. And this have left the Gauteng Education
MEC Panyaza Lesufi, is worried by the sky scrapping number of burglaries
experienced in Gauteng schools during the Lockdown period. Since the last report by the Gauteng
Department, seems the number of burglaries and vandalism of schools have
increased rapidly. The latest break- ins occurred between 09
and 11 April 2020 at the following schools Harmony Primary in Lenasia, Eersterust
Secondary and Matseke Primary in Atteridgville to list a few. With the above incidents, the total
number of criminal activities is now fifty five(55) since the beginning of the
Lockdown. Valuable equipment and school nutrition
groceries were stolen during the burglaries. Speaking to Daily Sun, Panyaza said “It
seems that these criminals are not bothered and they don’t have a sense on the
damage they are causing to the future of our children and our Country because
without education, we are doomed, the future is bleak. Indeed the coarseness
behavior of these criminals is annoying and they must be apprehended and face
the law”. However, Gauteng provincial cops have
already arrested forty one suspects for cases relating to the burglaries and
burning of schools. Most of these suspects have already
appeared in court after they were charged with arson and business burglary
amongst other crimes. Seventeen suspects were arrested in
Johannesburg, including Soweto, nine in Tswhane, seven in Sedibeng, four in Ekurhuleni
and another four in the West Rand. Captain Mavela Masondo said since the
cases of attack on schools started to increase in the province last month, the
Gauteng Provincial Commissioner, Lieutenant General Elias Mawela, appointed a
team of experienced and senior police officers to investigate and identify the
perpetrators. “The team has been working tirelessly to
apprehend the suspects. Thus far, forty one suspects have been arrested and
more arrests are imminent as the search and investigation is continuing,” said
Masondo. "I am pleased with the progress made
by the team so far and I believe more suspects will be arrested soon. We are
appealing to the community to work with the police in exposing those with
intentions of depriving our children a better education in a conducive learning
environment" said Provincial Commissioner 