 Winston Churchill once profoundly said: "To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." The great former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom mentions twice the importance of change. He emphasizes that progress seizes to exist without change, and much like Winston's quote, sex or great sex requires a stimulus change and part of it is changing the playground. Sex to some is very much like cooking your favourite meal. You might master it because you're used to cooking it in a certain way, but a good cook knows how to play around with his/her dish. Whether it is adding some new flavours or new ingredients to the dish. Your favourite dish can never be boring and dull because you're always seeking ways of serving it up. So to help you keep your sex life fun and orgasmic, we take a look at some places to have the best sex.   If you want to drive each other sexually crazy, then sex inside the car is the best. As you steer each others gears and the fuel of your ragging hormones shatters the sunroof. All you have to do is recline your seat, buckle up and enjoy the ride. Just ensure that your wipers are working so as to wipe off the sweat and your windows are dim enough to keep the window-shoppers at bay.  Should you want to cook up the best orgasms, then you have to try and make out in the kitchen. Known as the heart of the house, it is not surprising that this beat dishes out the best sex. From the kitchen counters to the sink, you can count on bringing heat hotter than the stove. Cutlery can be used as props during this scene.  The irony in this one is that you go to the cinema to watch a movie, and yet you end up directing and producing a live movie at the cinema starring you and your partner, with others at the cinema as extras. Whilst this may be disturbing for those at the cinema who are there to watch a movie. This can be quite the turn on for both of you as the lights go off. The exciting idea of trying to keep the erotic noises in check can get the hormones popping.  There's nothing more steamy and wet than having sex in the shower. In all this hot midst, you and your partner can get to play and clean yourselves afterwards. Much like a "quickie", the beauty about sex in the shower is in its quickness to satisfying each other.  There's something about the height of the machine, and the vibrations of a washer or dryer mid-cycle that make for a super-sexy combination. As you throw in your dirty clothes into the machine, you can also throw in the ones you suddenly had to take off because things got dirty all of a sudden. As the machine begins to spin, hop on it and spin yourselves into sexual ecstasy. 