East London Correctional Centre is
becoming a hotspot for Covid-19 infections in the Eastern Cape. This after 26 people have tested
positive for Coronavirus in the female section of the prison situated in East
London. 23 of them are staff and 3 of them are inmates. Justice and Correctional Services
Minister, Ronald Lamola, visited the Centre on Sunday after two officials
earlier tested positive and the National Institute for Communicable Disease
(NICD) conducted a mass screening at the female section since Wednesday. The first official tested positive was
part of a group of 100 people who flouted lockdown regulations and had
travelled to attend a funeral in Majola, Port St Johns during the last weekend
of March. Lamola said 266 officials in the East
London Correctional Centre were tested and 21 officials tested positive. While
30 offenders who show symptoms where tested, only 3 offenders tested
positive." "Mass testing in the entire East
London Centre for both offenders and officials will continue. The NICD is
tracing all those who were in contact with officials who tested positive so
that they can self-quarantine until they are tested and cleared," he said. "We have taken immediate steps to
prevent any potential spread of the virus arising from these recorded positive
cases and we have identified single cells within Medium C Female Centre which
are designated as quarantine and isolation areas." Lamola said "there are officials
who work in these designated areas and they have been supplied with PPEs which
include Disposable Suits, Disposable Gowns, Shoe Covers, N95 Masks and Eye
Shields among others." "We also have two offenders with
babies in the Centre that has 269 offenders and the loved ones of the two offenders
are willing to take care of the two babies and the process to release the
babies under their care is underway." "We are working with the Department
of Health to immediately start with the treatment procedure of all those
infected. At this moment, we want all South Africans not to panic as we have a
coherent anti Covid-19 strategy that incorporates the expertise of different
spheres of government. We are confident that infected officials and offenders
will recover from this pandemic," said Lamola