Cops in Cape Town are investigating after unholy and disrespectful thugs have broken into a Cape Town Roman Catholic church and took off with money and valuables on Saturday morning. This happened at the St Mary’s Cathdral that is opposite Parliament. Bishop Sylvester David confirmed the incident on Sunday morning stating that the thugs took off with a pyx, four silver candelabra, a gold plated chalice, and two gold plated patens among other things. “It is with great sadness and alarm that we confirm the news that has been doing the rounds on Social Media that the Cathedral had been vandalized and that a ciborium, a pyx, four silver candelabra, a gold plated chalice, and two gold plated patens have been stolen together with some money from the votive candles box." "The consecrated hosts from the ciborium have been left inside the tabernacle but the host from the pyx has been removed. There has been desecration,” said David in a statement on Sunday morning. The Church has called on the public to report cops if anyone see people selling their property. Cops spokesman Captain Frederick Van Wyk confirmed the incident and stated that cops are busy with investigations in order to get to the bottom of the matter. “This office can confirm House Breaking Business, at a church at Bouquet Street, Cape Town City Bowl on 2020-04-11 at 11:00. According to reports the church were closed as per COVID-19 regulations." "The complainant received a call from the caretaker that a side window were broken and the church had been broken into and reported the case to Cape Town Central Police on 2020-04-18 at 13:00. The complainant did not supply a list of stolen property yet, and will provide the investigating officer with list of goods stolen tomorrow (Monday2020-04-20),” said Van Wyk. Anyone with information regarding the housebreaking can contact Detective Captain Aby Draai on 083 530 9874,or Crime Stop on 08600 10111, your information will remain anonymous.Alternative contact the Dean of the Cathedral on 021 462 2586 immediately. 