The
commencement of Level 4 lockdown on 1 May, Friday has raised the issue of when
football will restart in South Africa. President
Cyril Ramaphosa announced last week five levels of lockdown regulations in
hopes of helping to curb the deadly coronavirus pandemic sweeping the world. South
Africa’s infections have jumped rapidly this past week with 297 new Covid-19
cases confirmed on Thursday. With Level
4 lockdown restrictions starting on Friday, the South African Football
Association (SAFA) has released a statement and has acquired further
information from two medical experts. "SAFA
has taken note of the above and has further invited the opinion of two medical
experts to submit reports on when it would be safe to resume playing football
in our country (see the reports by clicking here and here),” the statement
read. “SAFA will
submit a full report to the world football governing body, FIFA on the impact
of Covid-19 on football in our country and when SAFA believes it will be safe
to resume football again. "SAFA
will work with the government led by the Minister of Sports, Arts and Culture,
Minister Nathi Mthethwa in this process. "As
things stand, the two experts argue that football can only be played on Level 1
but still without spectators and that all clubs must have full-time Sports
Doctors to manage the Covid-19 situation." IN SUMMARY
HERE IS WHAT THE TWO MEDICAL EXPERTS SAY Playing
football requires travelling, including from one province to the other and that
cannot be achieved under Level 4. Another
issue is the social distancing factor – football is a contact sport where ‘we
cannot social distance’. Conducive
playing environment needs: To sanitise
the venues – both the training and match venues To
thoroughly screen all the players including the technical and support staff
before any games are played. For it to
be safe, the recommendation is to test everyone involved for Covid-19 rather
than just screening. The
screening should be done on a daily basis because the virus can at times be
dormant and not show any symptoms when someone could be carrying the virus.
Players are discouraged from using the dressing room and must shower at home. Clubs must
arrange that players do not use public transport when football resumes. The players
should not share drinking bottles. The
technical and support staff must always wear masks. The kit
manager must always wear medical gloves when collecting and distributing the
kit. SOURCE:
SPORT24