FORMER Mamelodi Sundowns defender Vuyo Mere says it will be a dream come true for him to see former Soweto giants Moroka Swallows playing in the Absa Premiership next season. The 36-year-old defender has been one of the key players, together with former Orlando Pirates midfielder Lebogang Mokoena, for the Dube Birds in the GladAfrica Championship side this season. Swallows are currently second on the log with former PSL side Ajax Cape Town at the top of the table. The Urban Warriors head the standings with 48 points while Swallows are second, seven points behind the Cape Town-based side with six matches remaining. “We are in a good position if you look at where we are right now,” said Mere.” “We have been doing well and our aim is to push all the way. We have worked hard to be where we are today. Many people thought we will be relegated but we are now fighting for promotion. It will be a huge achievement in my football career to see Swallows back in the top flight. I want to add history to my career that I was part of the team that helped Swallows get back to the Premiership.” He added: “We have good management who are supporting us all the time. I was part of the team that helped Swallows survive relegation in the 2013-14 season, and it pained me a lot when they got relegated the following season when I left them to join Platinum Stars.” The Dube Birds, the second oldest team in Mzansi, got relegated in 2014-15. The next two seasons saw the Birds relegated further down from the Championship to ABC Motsepe League and then slumping further down to the SAB League. Swallows got back to the Championship this season after they bought Maccabi FC’s status. “Many people are not happy with Swallows in the Championship,” said Mere. Swallows are a big team in the country with a big history. Swallows deserve to be in the PSL and it’s up to us to make sure they are back next season.” Meanwhile, Mere who has played for the likes of Hellenic, Platinum and Bidvest Wits, said he believes he still has two more years of playing football. “I am not thinking of retiring,” said the Bloemfontein-born player.” I can feel that my body is still fine for me to continue playing. My goal is to retire when Swallows are back in the top flight. All I have to do is to look after my health and continue working hard.” Mere also won 10 caps for Bafana Bafana in his successful career.