   SAFA’s financial troubles will be the thing of the past in the next coming days. This is because the world football governing body (Fifa) will distribute financial relief to the South African Football Association. The world football body said it will distribute close to R10 million to Safa as part of financial support caused by coronavirus pandemic. This is funding is part of the first step to assist the football community impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. A total of around USD 150 million will be distributed among the 211 national football governing bodies around the globe. “The pandemic has caused unprecedented challenges for the entire football community and, as the world governing body, it is FIFA’s duty to be there and support the ones that are facing acute needs,” said FIFA President Gianni Infantino. “This starts by providing immediate financial assistance to our member associations, many of which are experiencing severe financial distress. “This is the first step of a far-reaching financial relief plan we are developing to respond to the emergency across the whole football community. “Together with our stakeholders, we are we assessing the losses and we are working on the most appropriate and effective tools to implement the other stages of this relief plan. “This immediate financial assistance should be used to mitigate the financial impact of COVID-19 on football in member associations, namely to meet financial or operational obligations that they may have towards staff and other third parties. “This financial relief plan is possible thanks to the strong financial position that FIFA has been able to consolidate over the past four years.” Safa was left reeling the financial cost after 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers in March and those in June were postponed due to the deadly outbreak of COVID-19 that has caused havoc around the world of sports either be it  suspended or postponed. Fifa statement added: “This financial relief plan is possible thanks to the strong financial position that FIFA has been able to consolidate over the past four years. The next stages of the plan are currently being finalised and will be communicated in due course.”