THE South South African Masters and Legends Football Association (SAMLFA) says they are not going to sit back and watch as Covid-19 threatens the beautiful game in the country. The legends’ body, under the leadership of former Orlando Pirates and Bafana Bafana star David “Going Up” Nyathi and former Witbank Aces and Benoni United stalwart Bhudda Mathathe, is an affiliate of the South African Football Association (Safa). They are joining in the fight against the deadly virus that has brought the sporting world to a screech halt. Almost all football leagues, tournaments and competitions under the auspices of Fifa have been either suspended or postponed until the virus is contained and it’s safe for players and supporters to take part. “As legends of the game, we believe the responsibility lies with every citizen to comply with regulations of the national lockdown that has been extended to fight the deadly virus,” said SAMLFA president Mathathe. He added that as a former player, it must difficult to be in the space of current players who have to train inside their yards. “That is very difficult. We never had such an experience. Our message to them is that they must try and keep fit. “We understand the reality that they are affected financially, mentally and physically. They need to work on their fitness so that when the president of the country removes the lockdown, they are ready to take on the field and play. “Our health comes first and we sympathise with the players and all those associated with the game. We are calling upon government, the community, business sector to contribute and assist athletes and all those who are affected like referees, officials, security guards, food-sellers and more.” Mathathe added: “This is the time for us to stick together and tackle, mainly by maintaining the social distance and prevent the virus from spreading. We love football, but our health comes first. “The association also notes the efforts of the Safa, PSL and the Sports Ministry leadership in the fight against the virus, urging the football fraternity to continue observing hygiene protocols, which include regular washing of hands as well as the use of sanitizers and masks. Everything will be okay.”