SUPERSPORT United trio – Thabo Mnyamane, Thabo Qalinge and Washington Arubi – will have to wait until the 2019-20 season is completed to know if they will remain at the club, according to CEO Stan Matthews. The trio spent the better half of the season twiddling their thumbs in the stands without seeing action. With their contracts set to lapse at the end of the current season, SunSport has been reliably informed that the club will not exercise the option to renew their contracts. A source close to the situation said the club will not keep them when their contracts end at the end of the season. “Both Thabo’s and Qalinge will be released by the club,” our mole said. “It is no secret that Qalinge failed to live up to expectations since joining the club. He couldn’t break it into the team.” Qalinge joined Matsatsantsa a Pitori at the start of the season on a one-year deal, with an option to renew after he was released by Orlando Pirates. His lack of game time has undoubtedly minimised his chances of getting a new deal at the club. He has featured only 10 times since his arrival. Added the source: “The other Thabo, (Mnyamane) has not been at his best since he recovered from injury. And it looks like the boy wants new challenges.” However, Matthews said it will be insensitive to talk about the players’ future at this time when everyone is worried about their lives due to the coronavirus pandemic.“The club will sit down with the players and talk about their future once things are back to normal.“They will know at the end of the season about their future,” Matthews said.“Right now, it is not a proper time to talk about their contracts.”Mnyamane was one of the top players for the club. He played an influential role at the club since he joined from the University of Pretoria.His long-term injury affected his performances as he was no longer the same after his recovery.Also, with other players doing well in his position, it made things difficult for him.Mnyamane’s agent Mandla Mthembu declined to comment.