THE gospel fraternity has been hit hard by theCovid-19 crisis. Since lockdown regulations were introduced, many churches couldn’t gather for their annual pilgrimage this weekend. Two of KZN’s biggest gospel events, the Kufeziwe Gospel Celebration and Uvukile Gospel Music Festival, were also called off this weekend. Founder and event organiser of Uvukile Gospel Music Festival, Irvin Sihlophe, said they were forced to cancel the event. The ninth Uvukile Gospel Festival was set to take place at Port Shepstone. ALSO READ: WOMAN LOSES ENTIRE FAMILY TO CORONA “We postponed the event initially but later realised we should cancel it because by the time we do the event it would have lost its relevance,” said Irvin. “Uvukile Gospel Festival is an Easter holiday event and doing it outside Easter holidays would’ve confused our market. “The invites were already out and we’d already started doing campaigns online but eventually we had to cancel those invites as well. “The posters were already printed and now it means we’ll have to burn them as they’re no use.” He said fortunately, they hadn’t made any deposits to gospel artists. “We’d drafted the contracts and they were already signed but for some reason we had not made any deposits to the artists. “It takes R1,5 million to put together Uvukile Gospel Festival but we made a loss of R50 000.” This is because we had not paid for the service providers and for the venue. As a result on 18 March 2020 we wrote letters to gospel artists cancelling those contracts as well as the event,” he said. According to Sihlophe this year’s event was going to be bigger. “We were planning a splendid show since it was preceding the tenth event in 2021. Now this means everything has been delayed by at least a year,” he said. He said the likes of Sipho Makhabane, Sbu Noah, Kholeka, Zandi Khumalo, Babo Ngcobo, Hlengiwe Mhlaba, Jumbo were expected to be part of this event. Mu Ngcolosi of the Kufeziwe Celebration said they decided to postpone their event. “Our gospel show isn’t cancelled but we decided to suspend it. We’re thinking of doing it later in the year. “The Easter theme will have to change because it will no longer be relevant. “We’re also suspending it because most artists were already paid and we understand that most of them might have the challenge of refunding us,” said Mu. The sixth Kufeziwe Gospel Celebration was meant to take place at the Umhlathuze Sports Complex in Richards Bay today. “Although we’d paid deposits to most gospel artists, we had not released the posters and their names. However, we wrote to them and cancelled all the existing contracts with them.  When we do the event later in the year, they’ll have to sign new contracts.”