PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaposa’s lawyers said they would respond on Friday to the Gauteng Liquor Forum’s demands to lift the booze ban. The forum, which represents 20 000 tavern and shebeen owners, wants the sale of takeaway alcohol to be allowed. They have threatened to take Ramaphosa to court should the ban not be lifted. On Saturday, the forum’s lawyer, Eric Mabuza, wrote a letter to Ramaphosa. The letter said there were not consulted and businesses were gravely affected by the prohibition of selling alcohol. It went on to say the extension of the lockdown would most likely ruin their businesses. “They do not have access to other means of surviving, while the lockdown continues,” said Mabuza. Ramaphosa was given until Tuesday to respond. Yesterday, Ramaphosa’s lawyers wrote to Mabuza asking for more time to look into the demands. “The National Command Council, the Presidency and other relevant parties are meeting again this week specifically to discuss the details of government’s economic assistance programme. “This includes assistance offered to small businesses such as those of your clients and other measures to mitigate the effects of the lockdown extension. Therefore, in order to be in a position to respond to your letter fully, we ask you afford us until close of business on Friday to respond to your letter,” said the state attorney on behalf of the president. Mabuza told Daily Sun they agreed to give them time as these were quite big issues. “If we are not satisfied with their response, we will approach the court,” he said. Daily Sun also spoke to shebeen and tavern owners. Margaret Khoza, owner of Marikana Tavern in Soweto, said she was able to sell all booze before the start of the lockdown. However, she said the money she made was slowly running out and she feared she might not even have any money left to stock after the lockdown. “We understand the seriousness of the virus and support government for implementing the lockdown. “I was really hopeful the lockdown wouldn’t last longer than three weeks. I now fear I will be out of business after the crisis,” she said. Cecilia Mbuli, tavern owner of Cecelia Inn in Soweto, said: “I’m under severe financial stress because I have kids who are going to school and they need winter clothes and food. “We appeal to government to lift the ban on alcohol sales and only allow takeaways to avoid crowds. This will help us survive and continue making a living.”