THE African
National Congress  in the North West has suspended the membership of 
Chonko Monnakgotla- Botlhokwane, deployed at the Moses Kotane Local
Municipality. Botlhokwane
was suspended after being place on special leave by the municipality following
allegations made by foreign national traders in Ledig Village outside
Rustenburg two weeks ago, that she was selling municipality sanitisers that
were supposedly free. Lechwiti
General Dealer Owner in Ledig, Geletu Beyene says he and his worker were
harassed by the alleged ward councilor. I was being
forced to buy sanitisers that are from the municipality. Apparently the one I
bought was too strong and will damage the skin of my customers, he said. Geletu said
the ward Councillor came to his shop accompanied by his team. What they said to
them was that they are raiding all the shops and was asked to provide his
permit. "I showed
them the permit. They demanded that I pay an amount of R200 to keep the shop
open because they found one item that was expired. “I was forced to buy two
five liters for R1400." I denied
buying because I had already bought sanitisers, he added. "It is
sad to me, even though I was smart enough to not fall for this kind of
corruption but other shop owners were robbed." Police
Spokesman Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo said a case of intimidation; extortion and
contravention of Regulation, failure to confine to residence were against the
Ward Councillor of Moses Kotane Local Municipality. “She was charged and warned
to appear at Mankwe Magistrate’s court in Mogwase on 6 July 2020," said
Naidoo. Meanwhile in
Ngaka Modiri Molema region, Lerato Selebogo, Ward 11 Councillor and Alfred
Nyamane, both deployed in the Ramotshere Moiloa local Municipality, were also
suspended for violating lockdown regulations.The councillors were allegedly
distributing food parcels without following the lockdown regulations. However,
police say no case against the two had been opened. The ANC has
ordered all its public representatives and members to lead by example and
ensure that there is total adherence to the lockdown regulations, “said Interim
Provincial Committee (IPC) co-coordinator Hlomani Chauke. "The ANC
views the allegations against these councillors in serious light as they amount
to gross abuse of power and ill-discipline of the highest order by its public
representatives." "The ANC
shall take all necessary steps to protect and preserve human life during this
difficult time," Chauke said.