SOUTH AFRICAN TV presenter and actress, Vinolia Mashego, has been laid to rest in Mamelodi, east of Tshwane on Friday morning. V-Mash, as she was known all over, got a sent off from a small crowd of family and close friends whom took precautions against the Covid 19 which has since hit Mzansi. Despite the crowd being small and a short services, everyone who entered the yard was sanitised and given face masks.Those whom could not enter the yard listened attentively outside the gates on the street. Also those who managed to go to the graveside were counted while other mourners had to stay behind after the 50 crowd number was reached.Looking back, the 57-year-old V-Mash stole the hearts of many South Africans as one of the presenters on youth show Jam Alley on SABC1 in the 90s.  Mashego was also part of the original cast of Generations, playing the role of the feisty Hilda Letlalo in the SABC1 soap. Vinolia was found dead at her house due to heart failure on Monday. Her friend and colleague Bishop I Makamu of Moja Love said it was unfortunate that her death came in a time where only few people could come and celebrate her due to the virus. He described V-Mash as Icon when it comes to the entertainment industry."A person like her is supposed to be celebrated by everybody. “But we are here on behalf of all the South Africans to say she has done well, we have learnt so much from her. “We used to enjoy her and on behalf of Moja Love she brought fire to the show. We love her and we will miss her," he said.Her aunt, Jolina Mogapi, said her death has come as a shock in their family.She said Vinolia was supposed to be the one taking care of her family but it is sad that her parents had to lay her to rest.  "She was an anchor to her family. We are deeply hurt by her death but we believe it is God’s plan," she said.Her Childhood friend, Lopang Mphatsoe, said she has lost not just a friend but a sister too. She said she has been her friend since they were young, they endured their lows and highs of life."She was multi-talented, beautiful and smart. She worked and played hard," she said. In her time of death Vinolia worked as presenter on prank show Bheka Sikumbambile on Moja Love, which premiered last month and made an appearance on SABC2 drama series, Giyani: Land of Blood. Vinolia is succeeded by her 21- year-old son Oratile Mashego.