  The EFF in Mpumalanga says they will continue to
monitor those who will use Covid-19 for their interests. This comes after allegations emerged of a Sassa truck
that was seen delivering food parcels at the home of ANC MPL, Jeanette Thabethe
in Tekwane on Tuesday. According to Mpumalanga EFF chairperson, Collen
Sedibe, Thabethe knows that food parcels must be delivered in any department of
social development centre not in someone's private space. “Thabethe knows that she was not supposed to receive
or take the goods to her own private house. She knows that she can only do that
through her donations or donated food parcels and not the government's one as
social workers and other volunteers are working for the department to do
that," he said. Sedibe said they deemed Thabethe’s actions as serious
corruption. "We have warned them to never campaign or use
politics about this Covid-19 program. We are going to monitor and tale actions
against those who will use this Covid-19 for their interests," he said. Daily Sun also learnt that there is another ANC
councillor in Dr JS Moroka who was found in possession of food parcels in his
own house. When Daily Sun contacted Jeanette Thabethe for a
comment, she said it was her duty as a member of the legislature to assist
people through her pocket and the assistance of other people. "If there is a high need, any member whether it's
EFF, DA or any political party, we must assist people. If there is high need
that you cannot afford as a member you have full rights to request any department
to assist those people," she said. Thabethe said this was unnecessary politics and she
cannot be crucified for assisting people through her pocket. Mpumalanga Sassa spokesman, Senzeni Ngubane said they
are still gathering full information on the matter. "We still don't have all the facts that we are
looking for and for us to comment on a matter, we cannot comment with a
half-baked cake. We are still busy with our internal investigations," he
said. Mpumalanga ANC chief whip, Fidel Mlombo said they have
spoken to the member and she indicated that the food parcels delivered to her
place were not from Sassa but another member and that they are investigating
the matter. Sedibe said the party will lay corruption charges
against Thabethe and Mathebula.