Doctors Without Borders has called for the phased
decommissioning of the Strandfontein temporary relocation camp in Cape Town,
which was established to house the homeless during the nationwide lockdown. The organisation has urged the City of Cape Town to invest
more resources in their shelters in order to ensure that it "actually
meets Covid-19 prevention criteria as regulated". The international humanitarian medical non-governmental
organisation - Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) [MSF] -
announced this recommendation in a statement after it assessed several
temporary shelters in Cape Town, Tshwane and Johannesburg, finding poor
infection and prevention control at all of it. New development Specifically referring to the contentious Strandfontein
camp, which houses 1 500 destitute people, the MSF said it specifically
promoted the development of smaller, community-based shelters closer to
facilities that already provide certain required services, such as mental
healthcare. Dr Gilles van Cutsem, a senior TB/HIV adviser with MSF, who
assessed the camp on Saturday as part of the team investigating health
conditions at the shelter, said if anyone were to develop the coronavirus or TB
at the site, the chances for medical staff detecting it early are small. Mayco member for community services and health Zah Western Cape mayoral committee member for community services
and health Zahid Badroodien addresses delegates outside the Strandfontein sport
fields. (Samantha Lee-Jacobs, People's Post) The risk for transmission to many was very high due to
"gross overcrowding and because the availability of screening and
healthcare services are erratic". "The danger of doing harm is great and this should
alarm anyone," Van Cutsem said. Physical distancing Mayoral committee member for safety and security JP Smith at
a press conference on Thursday said the main concern had been around physical
distancing. "We can confidently today say that we fully comply with
the social distancing requirements. We have now opened all the marquees and
have distributed people across all of them," he said. This had not initially been possible as all the marquees had
not yet been erected as the City only had a week lead time, Smith continued. "With a week, we didn't start like we would have
wanted, fully prepared. The site is sort of evolving day by day - as we go, the
amenities are improving." 'High level of uncertainty' Liesbeth Schockaert, MSF project coordinator for regional
migration, said the organisation was concerned over a "high level of
uncertainty and ambiguity" on whether people living in the camps were
there voluntarily. "In addition to violating individual rights, it might
further exacerbate the public health risk posed by Covid-19, because vulnerable
people don't all trust authorities, and their legitimate fears of detention
might force some underground causing them to altogether avoid seeking care,
even when needed." Mayoral committee member for community services and health
Zahid Badroodien on Wednesday said that, to date, 142 persons had left the
Strandfontein site, either to be reunited with their families, or of their own
volition. He said this was a clear indication that no one was being
held against their will. According to MSF, the City of Tshwane had, like the City of
Cape Town, established similar large-scale, high occupancy relocation camps,
although they "quickly changed their approach, appreciating the risks of
such unworkable set-ups and then opened smaller, less congested shelters that
are easier to manage". The City of Johannesburg was following a similar strategy,
although all of the shelters assessed by the NGO's medical teams found the
facilities overcrowded, with food distribution erratic and insufficient access
to water and sanitation. There were also low levels of coronavirus screening as well
as a lack of Covid-19-related health promotion and education. Insufficient medical service for the high numbers of people
at the shelters was also noted. SOURCE: NEWS24