MAMELODI SUNDOWNS striker Mauricio Affonso is back at home in Uruguay, while recovering from an ankle injury. This is also a chance for him to spend time with his family during the worldwide social distancing period. Sadly, the lanky goal poacher was beginning to establish himself in Pitso Mosimane’s team after he single-handedly tortured Maritzburg United by scoring two goals in the Telkom Knockout final in December. But he was forced to undergo an operation on his ankle in the first week of last month. That ruled him out for three months, meaning he would have missed the business end of the PSL race anyway. This left Mosimane frustrated after the club had worked so hard in getting Affonso back into shape.He was also injured soon after joining the Brazilians Alianza Lima FC at the start of the season. Sundowns’ physiotherapist Sakhi Ngwevela has confirmed Affonso is in his home country relaxing with family, while under-going rehabilitation. “I last spoke to him this past Monday via WhatsApp and according to him, he’s feeling good and rehabilitation is going well,” said Ngwevela. “Owing to the COVID-19 lockdown, his rehabilitation is being done by video footage exchange. “Let me add as well that he removed operation stitches on his ankle two weeks ago in Uruguay. “He’s walking on crutches and his feet is touching the floor. “Initially, as the medical team, based on the PSL running smoothly, had projected that he would join us when we returned for pre-season training around July. “This thinking was influenced by the possibility of his physical conditioning being too slow for him to play towards the end of the season,” Ngwevela added. But still, the medical team are confident Affonso will still join his teammates in July. “There are many things that need to be done on a player before we can say he’s ready to return to play. “Things like medical tests, physical conditioning, physical tests (joints and muscle flexibility). “We still feel he’ll join us in July. We’re very confident.”