The Varsity Cup board has reached a decision on the future of the 2020 tournament. Should no sport be allowed to take place within the university space for the remainder of the year, the board has agreed to the following decisions: The 2020 FNB Varsity Cup, FNB Varsity Shield and FNB Varsity Young Guns tournaments will be declared incomplete. There will be no overall winner awarded in any of the competitions and the trophies will remain with the 2019 winners. As FNB Madibaz had already achieved an unassailable log points tally on the combined log of 2019 and 2020, they will be promoted to the Varsity Cup, in line with the current Varsity Cup bye-laws which states that “The team that ends top of the Varsity Shield Log in 2020, based on the combined log of 2019/2020, will be automatically promoted to the Varsity Cup for the 2021 season” (Bylaw 6.1.1). There will be no team relegated from the Varsity Cup Competition and no promotion relegation match between the Varsity Cup and Varsity Shield Competitions. There will also be no promotion relegation match between the bottom Varsity Shield team and the USSA contender. Therefore, there will be 10 teams in the Varsity Cup for 2021. The university, other than the member universities currently participating in the Varsity Cup and Varsity Shield, who is ranked highest at USSA, at the sole discretion of the USSA Executive Committee, will be automatically promoted to the Varsity Shield for the 2021 season. This will bring the total number of teams in the Varsity Shield to seven (7) teams. The new member university must meet all Varsity Cup MOI stipulations. Following the 2021 season, the bottom two teams in the Varsity Cup will be automatically relegated to the Varsity Shield and the bottom team in the Varsity Shield will be automatically relegated. This will bring both competitions to eight (8) teams each for the 2022 season and onwards. The Varsity Cup board will hold a special general meeting ahead of the next board meeting to vote in the necessary bye-law amendments to allow for the changes that have been agreed to by the board.