MINISTER of Environment, Forestry and Fisheries,  Barbara Creecy, led a SANParks initiative to distribute food parcels and water tanks to vulnerable communities bordering the Kruger National Park in both Limpopo and Mpumalanga on Saturday. The Minister, supported by SANParks CEO, Fundisile Mketeni and senior SANParks officials, handed out the much-needed support to members of the Mdluli and Mahaule Traditional Authorities, Mnisi Traditional Authority, Amashangana Tribal Authority in Mpumalanga, and the Gidjani and Bevhula Traditional Authorities in Limpopo. Minister said this was because of the national Covid-19 lockdown, tourism, which is the main source of income for these communities, has dried up. She said this has affected the well-being of the families reliant on tourism for an income. "That is why we decided to try and make their lives a little easier in these trying times,” she said. Creecy said most national parks, if not all, were situated in rural areas affected by poverty, unemployment and a range of other socio- economic problems. She said these communities rely on the national parks for their survival, either through jobs or business opportunities. “This period requires all of us to join hands to assist the most vulnerable members of society in our country,” she said. She announced that a total of R6 million will be used to purchase food parcels, hygiene products, education materials and water tanks. A total of 7 500 families will be supported nationally. She said the funding for the initiative, which was being extended to communities bordering national parks countrywide, has been sourced from the South African National Parks (SANParks) Honorary Rangers and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). “We will ensure that these donations benefit families that have been identified as vulnerable during this unprecedented time." “We are aware that children, unemployed women and old people living with small children head some of the families. It’s important that as we hand over these much-needed food parcels, we ensure that help is provided directly where it is needed most," she said.