THE SA Football Association have admitted that not all referees will be paid from the Department of Sport, Arts, Culture and Recreation’s relief fund. This is because many match officials did not have access to the internet to submit their documents on time. This has resulted in them missing out on the deadline which was closed on 7 April. Following the outbreak of COVID-19, Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa’s department set up a relief fund of R150 million to help athletes, artists, who were badly affected financially by the pandemic. According to Safa acting CEO Gay Mokoena, they got an invitation to submit on 3 April. But they submitted on 6 April, one day before the deadline, which led to others missing out. However, the association says they are committed to help those referees in this difficult time where football in this country has been suspended due to the coronavirus pandemic. Referees who missed the relief fund deadline will now be able to claim from the Unemployment Insurance Fund (UIF), as the deadline of that scheme has not passed. “They are referees who were covered. But because the communication was a bit slow, they didn’t respond on time,” said Mokoena. “(Regarding)Those referees (who missed the relief fund date), we are going to apply for them through the UIF for the lockdown period. “Having said that, we did our best we could (to do everything for relief fund for referees), but some referees, those who are unemployed (had to) operate through a form, we send them a message through a form, then they had to go and print it and sign. Unfortunately they couldn’t do everything on time.” Others who have missed out on at the relief fund are Women’s National League teams. That league is still regarded as an amateur league. However, Safa is well aware that Mamelodi Sundowns players, who were crowned champions of this inaugural competition, are still being paid by the club. PSL Referees, who officiate in both leagues - the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship -are not permanently employed by Safa despite Safa signing a five-year deal with OUTsurance worth R50 million in 2018. The match officials get paid per game in both leagues. With both leagues suspended indefinitely last month due toCOVID-19, this has become a tough time for them.