THE longer it takes to contain the deadly coronavirus, the harder it will be for many Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship clubs to survive, says Chippa United chairman Siviwe Mpengesi. Mpengesi says these are difficult times for everyone involved in sport as the Covid-19 has turned the world’s economy upside down, forcing the cancellation and postponement of most international sports tournaments. Many businesses have also been forced to close their operations. The PSL decided to suspend both its leagues – Premiership and Championship – until further notice. The number of infected people in South Africa is growing every day, despite President Cyril Ramaphosa implementing a 21-day lockdown, which will last until 16 April. As South Africa fights to contain the virus, there are talks of the lockdown being extended and that means both leagues will remain suspended. At the moment, clubs are missing out on cashing in on gate takings and hospitality for their remaining home games. “If the coronavirus takes longer, clubs will lose sponsors. That means many clubs will struggle to pay the salaries of players,” said Mpengesi. “You know players’ salaries are high and they are not catered for by the money we receive from the PSL. There will be nothing in return for sponsors, and they will have no choice but cut their ties (with clubs).” Absa, the prime sponsor of the PSL, has assured the league that there’s no pressure from their side to finish the league, until it is safe to do so. However, the PSL are unique compared to other leagues around the world, who rely heavily of TV broadcast deals and gate revenues. Mpengesi gave credit to PSL chairman, Irvin Khoza. The PSL clubs are different to the rest of the world in that clubs in both leagues receive monthly grants from the league to help them run the teams and assist in paying their bills. “Fortunately, most of the clubs don’t rely on gate takings,” said Mpengesi. “I think the way Dr Khoza designed the PSL means clubs don’t have to rely on gate takings. You find clubs are not making money out of gate takings. “The R40 (per game) that is paid by fans doesn’t make any difference.”