While people are staying at home and spending time with their families during the lockdown, some celebrities are abroad and alone. Celebs like Nomzamo Mbatha, Thuso Mbedu, Nakhane Toure and Trevor Noah are currently abroad because of work. Since Nomzamo Mbatha was cast in Eddie Murphy's Coming 2 America, she has moved to the US to pursue her acting career there. She is Los Angeles in California. Nomzamo has been active on social media since the lockdown. She even posted a video, encouraging people to be there for one another during the lockdown. Read: MMAAUSI AIMS TO FIGHT COVID-19 So many marginalized communities will be sorely affected. Children who depended on the feeding scheme lunches at school during the day, now having to be home alone with parents still having to go to work. Free-lance and contract workers. Waiters and waitresses. Public commuters as well as societies most vulnerable and disenfranchised. With everyone “panic buying” and wiping out the shelves, let’s remember other people who may also need food and supplies too. Buy what you need and spare a thought for the less fortunate and most vulnerable. We are all equally uncertain about just how deeper the gravity of the situation will get so let’s remember UBUNTU in it all. Educating each other and spending this time to be there for one another and be socially responsible in curbing the spread of the virus. ?? Sending LOVE. ?????? A post shared by  Nomzamo Mbatha ???? (@nomzamo_m) on Mar 17, 2020 at 1:15am PDT  Thuso Mbedu announced that she got a role in an American series last year. She moved to Atlanta in Georgia, USA to act on The Underground Railroad. The Emmy-nominated actress is a lead actress named Cora. Read: LASIZWE GETS DRAGGED FOR TELLING PEOPLE TO USE ELECTRICITY WISELY Ok. OkwamaLast ??Doll?? face?? Wait. I’m re-entering for age 29 and this is my submission?????????????????? we’ll use this for my birthday?????????????? @altovise_l A post shared by  Thuso Mbedu (@thuso.mbedu) on Apr 14, 2020 at 6:04am PDT  Singer, Nakhane is currently based in London, the United Kingdom. He moved there in 2018. A post shared by NAKHANE. (@nakhaneofficial) on Apr 10, 2020 at 10:43am PDT  Last, but not least is our funnyman, Trevor Noah. Since the lockdown, he has been running his show, The Daily Show from his house. Two weeks ago, he also played an online Fifa game with rapper, Cassper Nyovest. Read: MLINDO SHAKES THINGS UP Nothing can break the human spirit. Except that guy. That kinda hurt. Will try again tomorrow. #AwholeNewSong A post shared by  Trevor Noah (@trevornoah) on Mar 17, 2020 at 7:18am PDT 