VETERAN Stellenbosch defender Morgan Gould says they will approach their remaining six Absa Premiership matches like a team desperate to survive relegation. Although the PSL rookies are four points above the relegation zone, Gould said it would be suicidal to rest on their laurels. The Stellies occupy 11th spot on 27 points from 24 matches and are tied with neighbours Cape Town City, who have a game in hand. Said Gould: “It would have been wonderful to continue with our good form but unfortunately, the lockdown happened at that time when we were hot. We need to reposition ourselves and think like we are bottom when we resume the season so that we can hike up the log table. “We must avoid being complacenct to ensure we are safe.” The 37-year-old player said their defence will need to be tight to avoid conceding more goals since they let in 30, having netted 21 this season. “It was a concern because if we didn’t score, then our opponents would score,” added the veteran. “We have identified our mistakes which are a lapse in concentration. We should focus the entire match, minimise mistakes and convert half chances we create in order to win our remaining games. “But now it’s important that we sacrifice football for individual lives. There are those who don’t understand how crucial it is to have lockdown because people are losing their loved ones. We should abide by the rules and what President Cyril Ramaphosa said to ensure we are safe.” Gould, who made his professional debut with Jomo Cosmos in 2001, revealed that he won’t make an announcement when he retires. He went on: “It’s not like when I retire something will be done. “There are so many great footballers who came before me and dedicated their lives to the game, but what was done for them when they retire? NOTHING! “They live from hand to mouth while the clubs they committed their careers to continue to make huge investment elsewhere. “The late Phil Masinga did a lot to put this country on the football map, but nothing was done to commemorate his incredible career. “The media only covers the glitz and glamour and when you exit, nobody bothers.” Gould said he will consider ploughing back to the game if he gets financial back-up when the ball stops rolling. “I can plough back given the chance and resources,” he added.