Some landlords are taking advantage of the coronavirus
outbreak, to ask for sexual favors in exchange of rent payments from broke tenants. According to American broadcast television network NBC News, Khara
Jabola-Carolus, executive director of the Hawaii State Commission on the Status
of Women, said her office has received more reports of landlords sexually
harassing their tenants in the last two weeks than it had in the two years since
she started working there. She added that some landlords are offering to move in
with tenants and sending sexually explicit photos to them after they
communicated concerns about paying April rent. While the number of cases wasn't necessarily astronomical
— the commission received 10 reports about nine landlords — Jabola-Carolus said
they were especially notable given such cases go "vastly
underreported." "Landlord coercion has always been a reality, but
we've never seen anything like this," Jabola-Carolus said. "The
coronavirus creates the perfect conditions for landlords who want to do this
because not only are people being instructed to stay home, but the virus has
added to the economic stress with people losing their jobs, especially in Hawaii,
which is driven by tourism." Around 5 million more people filed first-time
unemployment claims last week, bringing the total of unemployed Americans to
nearly 22 million. While some states have enacted eviction and rent
moratoriums, experts caution that these policies may not be enough to keep low-
and middle- income renters in their homes. Only 69 percent of apartment tenants
had paid their monthly rent by April 5, down from 81 percent the previous
month, according to the National Multifamily Housing Council. Advocates like Renee Williams, a senior staff attorney at
the National Housing Law Project, suspect that as tenants continue to struggle
economically, there will be heightened reports of sexual harassment enacted by
landlords in the upcoming months. "Landlords have all the leverage in the
landlord-tenant relationship and in these types of situations, they especially
prey on women who are vulnerable, who are housing insecure, have bad credit or
who don't have anywhere to go," Williams said. "We've already seen
that the pandemic is exacerbating a lot of systemic issues and sexual
harassment targeted at tenants by landlords is likely to be one of these
issues."