 Thirteen people were left injured when a taxi overturned
on the M1 highway in Booysens, Joburg on Tuesday morning.. ER24 paramedics, along with several other services,
arrived on the scene at 07h00 to find the taxi upright in the middle of the
road. Several people were found seated on the side of the road. It is believed that the taxi had been pushed upright by
several motorists and members of the public. ER24 said that the Medics assessed the patients and found
that thirteen people had sustained minor to moderate injuries. Fortunately, no
serious injuries or fatalities were found. The patients were treated and thereafter transported to
nearby hospitals for further care. The exact details surrounding this incident are not yet
known but local authorities were on the scene for further investigations News 24 reports that Gauteng Public Transport and Roads
Infrastructure MEC Jacob Mamabolo condemned the actions of the driver of a
minibus taxi. The man allegedly contravened public transport
regulations during the country's 21-day lockdown period by carrying more
passengers than the regulations allowed. According to Mamabolo, it was reported that the minibus
taxi from the Ennerdale Taxi Association, which was carrying 15 passengers,
overturned near the Xavier off-ramp. Passengers suffered various injuries, but no one died. "We strongly condemn this behaviour by the taxi
driver and call on law enforcement agencies to enforce the regulations without
fear or favour. The driver must face the full might of the law for contravening
regulations," said Mamabolo. He added that the flouting of the regulations showed that
there was little regard for the lives of passengers. This, Mamabolo said, was unacceptable because the
government consulted the taxi industry on the regulations announced by
Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula. The MEC reiterated the provincial government's call for
the taxi industry and public transport operators to comply with the
regulations, and warned of consequences for those who disregarded them. "The regulations that are in place, especially for
this period, are there to protect the lives of the people. Anyone who shows
disregard for the regulations is definitely not assisting our efforts to
flatten the curve and stop the spread of Covid-19," said Mamabolo. Last week, Mbalula amended the public transport
regulations to accommodate concerns from the taxi industry:  - A minibus licensed to carry 10 passengers,
is now limited to a maximum of seven; - A minibus
licensed to carry 15 passengers, is now limited to 10; - A minibus
permitted to carry a maximum of 22 passengers, can now carry 15; and - A vehicle
licensed to carry a maximum of four passengers is now limited to half of that. "We require public transport operators to adhere to
the directions on sanitising vehicles and put measures in place to give effect
to social distancing at all material times," Mbalula said. He added that the hours during which taxi drivers were
allowed to operate had also been changed. Previously, the standard operating times during the
lockdown were 05:00-10:00 and 16:00-21:00. But taxis will now be allowed to operate between
05:00-20:00.