HOUSE music producer and DJ TNS has had a heart-to-heart with his fans and South Africans. This as he broke down during an Instagram live feed last week, asking fans to pray for him. According to the up-and-comer (real name Nkazimulo Ngema), a group called Durban United is planning to attack him. He also suggested there was a WhatsApp group featuring several Durban artists who want to steal his music. But music promoter DJ Dichakae (real name Mdu Mogapi) felt TNS was getting his just deserts. The DJ from Mahikeng, North West, said karma would haunt TNS until the producer paid back the R27 000 he’s owed him since December. Explained DJ Dichakae: “I booked him to perform at my annual event, Rockville 2 Item Picnic, in Mahikeng on 25 and 31 December. But he failed to pitch. “But when I noticed he had many bookings on 31 December, I called him off. He was then left with the 25 December show. “I paid him a R12 500 deposit. Then a while later before the show, I paid him R14 500. “We agreed he’d get on stage at 3.30am. But on the day of the show, he sent me an SMS asking to perform at 6pm. “I was speaking to him through his manager Aubrey Mchaka, (who is no longer TNS’s manager).” DJ Dichakae said he refused the request, as he’d already arranged for other artists to perform at 6pm. “I waited and everyone waited, but TNS never pitched. I was so disappointed I had to tell the crowd TNS was no longer coming,” DJ Dichakae said. He claimed TNS had since blocked his calls and number on WhatsApp. Sunday Sun reported two weeks ago that Ayanda Mthembu had replaced TNS’s old manager Aubrey. In February, DJ Dichakae said he called Ayanda. “I told him I had a show and that TNS perform for free at my show if he didn’t have money to pay me back. “Ayanda promised to speak to TNS, but after a few days, he didn’t take my calls. Now, I know TNS is fooling around with me,” said DJ Dichakae. “Make no mistake, I’m not one of the people TNS claimed were trying to sabotage his music. I’m not like that. I’m not like that. Truth is, his life will always be difficult if he carries on scamming people. I want my money back.” Aubrey confirmed TNS had been booked and that full payment made. “Please, discuss the rest with TNS’s new management,” Aubrey said. Ayanda distanced himself and referred the SunTeam back to Aubrey. “It’s difficult for me to comment because I wouldn’t know. At that time, bookings were taken by Aubrey, please speak to him,” Ayanda said. But Aubrey refused to be drawn into the discussion. TNS was not available for comment.