The Mpumalanga ANC councillor who was arrested for selling fake permits in Hendrina was granted R3000 bail. Musawenkosi Masina (35) who is facing three charges of corruption appeared before the Hendrina Magistrates Court on Tuesday (14 April). It is reported that on the 9 April, officials from the municipality went to Hendrina to do daily patrol with law enforcement authorities and one shop owner produced a fraudulent operational permit that was allegedly issued by the Masina. The shop owner alleged that he paid an amount of R300 to obtain his permit while some paid R2000. Masina was arrested by the police on the same day and was released on verbal warning and after his release he went back to issue fraudulent permits once more and he was rearrested on Friday. Mpumalanga ANC PEC has since suspended his membership. Acting secretary, Lindiwe Ntshalintshali said the ANC was against any corrupt activities and people using Covid-19 for their own selfish benefits and interests. "We have finally taken a decision to suspend summarily his membership from the ANC and we will not tolerate any of our members who will participate in the corruption or use Covid-19 for their selfish interests," she said. Ntshalintshali said Masina is expected to be taken through all their disciplinary processes. Masina was also immediately suspended as a member of the Steve Tshwete Municipality council by speaker, Andries Mabena who said the matter will be referred to the Rules and Ethics Committee for investigation and processing. His case was postponed to 17 June for further investigations. Meanwhile, the case against two Mpumalanga cops who were arrested on Friday for escorting a tavern owner with booze was postponed to Wednesday (15 April) for legal representation. Bongani Maseko (43) and Elias Thobela (44) made a brief appearance at the Nelspruit Magistrates court on Tuesday (14 April). Maseko and Thobela who are both stationed at Pienaar Cop Shop were arrested after they were stopped by members of the SANDF during a stop and search roadblock on the airport road near Karino. National police spokesman, Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo, said the members were driving a marked police vehicle when they were stopped. Naidoo said it was discovered that Maseko and Thobela were escorting three bakkies that were loaded with alcohol. He said the tavern owner was also arrested together with the other two drivers as they are not allowed to be transporting alcohol during this period of the lockdown. The two were released on warning.