BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis says the Safa National Women’s League will play a vital role in assisting her recruit new players as she is going to blend new blood with the experience in the team. With most of the players in the squad in their late twenties and early thirties, there’s no doubt that Ellis realises the need to inject new blood into the squad. Last year, Banyana qualified for their first-ever Fifa Women World Cup which was held in France. And Ellis said they want to make it a tradition that they qualify for the big tournaments as she believes that Mzansi has what it takes when it comes to women’s football. Recently, Banyana thumped Lesotho 3-0 in an international friendly match which was played at Tsakane Stadium. In that encounter, Banyana were without senior players such as captain Janine van Wyk, vice-captain Refiloe Jane, Noko Matlou, Jermaine Seoposenwe, Leandra Smeda and Nothando Vilakazi. “We have young players such as Karabo Dhlamini (18) and Oratile Mokwena (17), so the future is bright for SA women’s football,” Ellis said. Both of these players were part of the SA Under-17 squad that played in the Fifa World Cup in Uruguay. “We saw a lot of these young players at the Safa Women’s League and also at the Sasol League National Championships in December.” Ellis says Banyana’s qualification to the World Cup was a huge motivation to young players. She stated: “Going to the World Cup helped us to inspire the young players in the country to work harder. Some of them are already in the Banyana team. Qualifying for big tournaments must become normal for us.” But all Ellis’ plans are on ice, the same with all other coaches in the world as football and all sport events have been suspended due to the outbreak of the deadly coronavirus. Mzansi is in lockdown as the government tries to prevent the spread of the deadly Covid-19. Ellis also made a passionate plea to South Africans saying: “Please stay at home during these difficult times.” She added: “We have overcome many obstacles in the past. We can do this. We all want to be out in the streets but this can only happen if we stand together and follow instructions.”