Hello again parents and parent to be. Today I am going to talk about one of my favorite bonding sessions with my baby and that is bath time. From birth, little Lihle has always been an angel when it comes to taking a bath. I have seen other babies screaming and kicking when its bath time and I have always been grateful that I do not have the same problem. When Lihle turned one month, I realised she had a mild case of eczema. Her skin was a bit dry and would react to the baby products I had initially bought for her. I then realized that she needed bath products that are gentle on her delicate skin and that would add moisture to her dry skin. With the right bath products, baby bath time easily becomes a fun time for both mummy and baby. Just like many babies, Lihle had cradle crap when she was born, and I worried about how to remove it gently from her scalp without having to hurt her. From the first wash using the PURITY Special Baby Shampoo on her hair, I was happy on how the shampoo gently cleanses, conditions and moisturizes her hair. Because my baby loves bath time and she splashes the water with excitement, the fact that the shampoo is gentle on her eyes because it is soap free makes washing her hair easy. As I mentioned before, keeping baby Lihle’s skin moisturized is my top priority. I use the PURITY aqueous cream on her body, and I do not have to worry about her skin getting dry throughout the day. The aqueous cream keeps her skin moisturized and it provides protection on her skin. With the country under lockdown, I am sure most parents and parents to be where worried about how they would stock up on their little one’s essential needs. The regulations published by the Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs under Government Notice 318 of 18 March 2020 were amended by regulations as published in Government Notice R398 of 25 March 2020 as well as by regulations in Government Notice R 419 of 26 March 2020. Following requests for clarification, it was confirmed that this provision includes baby clothes, blankets, towels and other essential accessories for newborns, infants and toddlers up to 36 months old. In addition to that, all stores that are currently permitted to remain open for the sale of other essential goods, including supermarkets, may therefore sell these products. This brings relief to new parents. Read this great article on how dads can cope during  lockdown here:DADS THIS IS HOW TO COPE WITH LOCKDOWN! For more information from a panel of experts download the PURITY Journey Journal App™ on www.purityapp.co.za. Watch the video below on how you can register for the Purity Journey Journal App™.  Happy parenting to everyone and keep safe. Nkazi