Winter according to geography is the shortest season of the four, but sadly it's also the most impactful  season of them all. From the shortest days and longest nights to the bitterly cold weather patterns, winter can leave you feeling miserable if you're not fully ready for it. Now apart from the warm clothes, and keeping yourself warm with heaters and hot refreshments, one other thing that can also keep you warm this winter is body heat. Body heat provided by one special human being can make your winter season extra warm. Now you're not having one simply means you're single but there's nothing wrong about being single. This time of the year puts a lot of things into personal perspective. We like flowers and trees begin the process of letting go of the old, and maybe you need to let go of the following this winter so that your relationship status changes in 2020:  There is a profoundly powerful quote that reads: "Sometimes the most dangerous thing in life to is to have a choice." At first glance, this sounds ridiculous because everyone is entitled to a choice, but if you begin to decode the message you realise that there's a powerful meaning behind it. Sometimes being constantly afforded the opportunity to make choices over things can confuse us. Psychology calls this cognitive-dissonance, the state of having inconsistent thoughts and these inconsistencies result in us making terrible decisions and choices. Being picky can be a result of still being single.  There is a huge difference between being assertive and being bossy. Many of us believe being bossy is being assertive, but the lines have been blurred so much that we find ourselves being single. With all the academic and financial success, we miss someone at times to share these with because we want to impose ourselves in a relationship. If people fear and are intimidated by you, you might be bossy and sadly a relationship is not a boardroom.  Personal walls you build around could be the reason you're still single. Someone once said living in the suburbs is dangerous because we have high-walls that even if we die, no one would know because they can't see us. This is exactly what happens when you build walls around you. You isolate and block yourself from an opportunity to experience love. Now because of previous pain, disappointment and insecurities, you block out opportunities that can bring down all these walls and change your relationship status.  The norm can be dangerous. Waking up everyday to do the same thing for weeks, months and even years can see you sink yourself into a dangerous comfort zone. Comfort that won't allow you to get out there and meet new people. Comfort that will narrow your horizon because you are stuck in your own space. This year, try and do something different from your norm. Try going out and meeting new people and see if you can't broaden your horizon. Who knows, your winter days will be extra hot this year.    