LACK of fighting opportunities for Limpopo boxers has inspired Gauteng-based businessman Bongani Dlamini to become a boxing promoter. Dlamini, who hails from Mchipisi Village in Malamulele, has been a driving force behind some of the boxers for the past eight years. He has been supporting them financially in between fights. Among the boxers he sponsored through his accounting firm, Bonglez Accountants & Tax consultants include his brother, former SA and WBA Pan African middlweight champion Walter Dlamini, Saul Hlungwani, Prince Ndlovu, Bukiwe Nonina and Nkensahosi Makondo Jr, to name the few. According to the young accountant, the lack of action for Limpopo fighters has encouraged him to establish a boxing promotion company. “We have submitted our application for a promotion license with Boxing South Africa (BSA) and waiting for their approval. “There is a lack of fights for boxers, especially those from my home province and they end up quitting boxing due to inactivity. I want to give them an equal opportunity to showcase their talent,” said Dlamini. “Limpopo boxers have migrated to Gauteng province seeking fighting opportunities. With our promotion, we are hoping to keep young fighters in the province. This will also give them the opportunity to fight at home in front of their families.” The 37-year-old entrepreneur is cooking a storm for Limpopo boxing enthusiasts once the Covid-19 is over. He has promised to bring top flight boxing with international championship belts at stake. “We are waiting for this coronavirus epidemic to pass and give our action-starved boxing fans something to enjoy. They only see fights once a year, and that would be a thing of the past,” he said. In the past, Limpopo had produced great fighters such as Isaac Hlatshwayo, Philip Ndou, Cassius Baloyi, Lovemore Ndou and Jeffrey Mathebula, who went on to become world champions. Although some of the boxing champs plying their trade in Gauteng were developed in Limpopo, Gauteng still houses boxers from that side of the country with WBA Pan African cruiserweight title holder Akani Phuzi, newly crowned SA lightweight king Tshifhiwa Munyai, and Rofhiwa Maemu as the prominent figures. The ambitious new kid in the boxing business said he wants to produce more champions from his home province. “As Bonglez Boxing Promotions we want to bring boxing glory days back in the province. We are hoping to lure more youngsters to take boxing as their sport of choice,” he said.