All 76 students from China have tested negative from coronavirus. They received covid-19 clearance certificates. Addressing the students before their departure, Minister of Higher Education, Science and Innovation, Dr Blade Nzimande said the Coronavirus pandemic is not only for whites. He said: "Those who still believe that the virus only affect white people, you are wrong. The virus affects everyone irrespective of color." On Saturday, it was a farewell in a different atmosphere as the students were finally freed from Birchwood hotel in Boksburg, Ekurhuleni to be with their families. These students arrived at OR Tambo International Airport on March 20 from China and they were immediately quarantined for 14 days. This comes after government called for all South Africans living in affected countries to return following the global covid-19 outbreak that has infected nearly one million people. The students left Mzansi in April last year after they were placed at various Chinese companies for internships.Over 30 of them are from Gauteng, 9 from North West, 7 from Mpumalanga, 6 from KZN and one from Western Cape and another one from Eastern Cape. Nzimande said President Cyril Ramaphosa was happy that they remained disciplined during their quarantine period and most importantly they tested negative. "I agree with the president that they should go out and be our champions for safety," said Nzimande. Nzimande added that soldiers were deployed to help citizens and not to cause harm.He said: "Soldiers are not here to harras you as South Africans but to look after you because life is important, " said Nzimande, adding that people should remain at their homes. Students Representative, Mahlogonolo Phasha said they feared for their liv es following the news of the outbreak."Chinesss people are kind and discipline."We were confused as the decease was getting serious. The country was shut down and we were quarantined at our school. We were told not to leave and we were provided with masks. China is a very strict country. We were scared," said Mahlogonolo. The students spent 51 days behind closed doors before their departure back to Mzansi.The Department of Health said the students were equipped with knowledge in fighting the spread of the virus and  they know the basic requirements of hygiene.