 POOR black children will one day receive free decolonised education! That’s according to EFF leader Julius Malema, who has committed to building a school that would offer this. Delivering a virtual Freedom Day message yesterday, Malema said only a decolonised education system could lead to a prosperous continent. “Let’s start building well- equipped schools for talented black children instead of wasting money on private jets and expensive holiday mansions on islands of luxury. There’s no better investment than the education of a black child,” he said. “Such an education must be unapologetically decolonised if it’s to produce a kind of confident black who doesn’t worship whiteness or seeks its approval.” Malema said his political party isn’t rich, and its constituency isn’t rich either, but through this initiative it hoped to inspire those with some wealth in the black community to start emulating their example. He said the school, which will be named after struggle icon Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, will be for poor, dejected and talented black kids. He said the party had already found land on which to build the school and was in contact with Mama Winnie’s family. He said the school would offer a new curriculum to instil confidence in the black child. “A decolonised education exposes white supremacy and teaches black pride, pride in Africa, does not despise the African continent and its people while reproducing an admiration for Europe and whiteness,” he said. Malema said the school’s admission policy would prioritise poor orphans who lost their parents to HIV/Aids, poor victims of domestic violence, and the poor in general. “Over the next five years, we’ll work day and night to establish this school along the values of decolonisation and socialism. “It will be independent of the EFF, with its own independent and highly qualified board of trustees.” The abuse of political power by the governing party had led to the collapse of state-owned entities in an act of sabotage so they could be sold to white monopoly capital. “It’s our political freedom that ought to guide how our economy operates, how our banking system functions, and how the wealth of the country is distributed equally. Current conditions are not reflective of these possibilities,” he said. He said the pandemic brought into sharp focus society’s inequality where black people are forced to isolate in tiny houses, compared to whites’ spacious houses. “Even when they want to be in self-isolation, our people don’t have spacious houses to isolate into because they stay in shacks. “Even when they want to keep maximum hygiene standards, a huge number of our people don’t have access to clean water. “We know this is a difficult period, but all available evidence has demonstrated that corona is highly infectious and can easily transmit from one person to another.”