Luxury fashion house Louis Vuitton has announced that they are now making making masks and hospital gowns to support frontline workers. In an Instagram post made by the fashion house, Louis Vuitton says that they are making special masks to be given to frontline workers to help support them in the fight against coronavirus. Other fashion companies have been stepping up to provide support during the health crisis with luxury conglomerate LVMH re-purposing its perfume factories to create hand sanitiser. "In order to provide protective gear to healthcare workers, Louis Vuitton has repurposed several of the Maison’s ateliers across France to produce hundreds of thousands of non-surgical face masks.In partnership with the Mode Grande Ouest textile network, this initiative will donate the much-needed protective gear to frontline healthcare workers. Thank you to the hundreds of artisans who have volunteered to create these masks, as well as everyone doing their part to fight this global pandemic." LV captioned their Instagram post. Louis Vuitton announces the production of thousands of hospital gowns to be donated to frontline medical staff within the Parisian hospital network AP-HP. These gowns will be created by volunteers at the Maison’s headquarters for six Parisian hospitals in urgent need of protective gear. Thank you to everyone who is doing their part to fight this global pandemic. #LouisVuitton #APHP #StayAtHome A post shared by  Louis Vuitton Official (@louisvuitton) on Apr 10, 2020 at 10:08am PDT  In order to provide protective gear to healthcare workers, Louis Vuitton has repurposed several of the Maison’s ateliers across France to produce hundreds of thousands of non-surgical face masks. In partnership with the Mode Grande Ouest textile network, this initiative will donate the much-needed protective gear to frontline healthcare workers. Thank you to the hundreds of artisans who have volunteered to create these masks, as well as everyone doing their part to fight this global pandemic. #LouisVuitton #StayAtHome A post shared by  Louis Vuitton Official (@louisvuitton) on Apr 8, 2020 at 9:58am PDT 