THE sponsors of the Absa Premiership, Absa Bank, said they are under no pressure to see the season end and are not concerned when the season will resume, the bank is more worried about saving lives. The Premiership, like most leagues around the world, have been suspended indefinitely due to the outbreak of the deadly coronavirus. The bank’s acting group executive for marketing and corporate relations Songezo Zibi said they have reached out to their partners. “We told all of them we prefer that they postpone all events and that the league should also not continue at this time,” Zibi explained. “While we may have our objectives, we have to look at our reputation as a brand. If you are going to the stadium and people get sick while the games are on, you would spread of virus across the country. So we said it is safer (better) for everything to be postponed.” In fact, although there’s a contract obligation the PSL has to fulfil, it was Absa, who looked carefully and advised the PSL to suspend the league due to deadly outbreak of Covid-19. If the league had continued, Absa said it was going to have a huge repercussions to them as a brand and also to their consumers. Absa looked at social distancing and said it was dangerous as fans at the matches sit next to each other. The PSL heeded the call last month to suspended the Premiership and GladAfrica Championship until further notice. The PSL chairman Irvin Khoza said he hopes to end the league on 30 June. It is not only the Premiership that is backed by Absa. There’s the Absa Cape Epic (the mountain bike race) and annual Cultural Festival that were going to take place at the end of this month which are also suspended. At this stage, it remains uncertain when both leagues will resume as the virus continues to wreck havoc around the world and people infected in the South Africa growing rapidly. However, Zibi reiterated that people’s lives comes first: “This hasn’t hurt us in that sense of looking to recoup. No one is scoring at this time. There’s actually more benefit if you do the right thing than looking at it the other way.”