FROM the dusty streets of Malamulele, in Limpopo, to one of netball’s biggest coaching jobs. That’s the meteoric rise of retired lanky Proteas star, Dumisani Chauke. To Chauke, being Mzansi’s senior national netball assistant coach still feels like a dream. This hard-working lady also wears many other caps. She’s an administrator and a coach at the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT), a mother of two, a pundit for SuperSport and a judge for the annual Gauteng Sports Awards. On top of her busy schedule, Chauke also runs the Dumisani Chauke Netball Foundation, and gives back to the needy. Chauke, who has a Level 3 diploma in coaching, is also a recognised SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee’s senior coach. She holds a Postgraduate Diploma in Sports Management, and is now doing a Master’s degree in Sports Marketing at TUT. Her life changed for the better last year in October when Netball SA appointed her as assistant coach to Dorette Badenhorst. Chauke has been busy under the lockdown and has come up with innovate training methods to help keep netball players across the country busy. She regularly posts her videos on social media to inspire the players. She has also given the TUT netball team a strict training programme to follow during the lockdown. “My life is a fairytale. I can’t believe how far I’ve come in netball. I started training to burn the fat after I gave birth to my daughter last year, but the demand from players and everyone for me to share my training methods keeps getting bigger.” “I post every week and what I like about them is that there is no need for special equipment,” said an excited Chauke. Her road to coaching started when she became part of former Proteas coach Norma Plumber’s technical team at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia. Chauke, who retired from the game in 2015, also served as an Under-21 assistant coach and was part of the baby Proteas team that went to the 2017 Netball World Youth Cup in Gaborone, Botswana. “I love netball and hope to inspire youngsters. I never stop learning and want to build on my coaching career,” she added. Chauke is excited about the 2023 International Netball Federation World Cup to be held in Cape Town, a first for the African continent. “The World Cup is huge. I never played in it, but have an opportunity to be a coach during the World Cup.”