It is important for parents to decide on a healthy hair-care regiment for their kids early on in their lives. Healthy hair doesn’t just happen, it’s the result of proper care and maintenance. A hair regiment doesn’t need to be complex or super expensive, but you should set aside some time to really develop a proper routine to keep your child’s hair as healthy as possible. Your little one’s basic hair care regimen should incorporate the following: Shampoo Shampooing your child’s hair and scalp is a must. Washing their hair once a week or once every two weeks is sufficient if their hair isn’t excessively dirty. Whether you use shampoo or prefer to do a co-wash, shampooing is just what your child’s hair needs to maintain ultimate hair health. Detangling Detangling is the most difficult step in the regiment because it can cause a little bit of discomfort for your child. Gently removing tangles from your child’s hair helps you retain length and helps you dodge those nasty single-strand knots. After rinsing out the shampoo, apply a very generous amount of conditioner on soaking wet hair. You can use your fingers or a tool such as a wide tooth comb or Tangle Teaser, to make certain their hair is tangle-free. Detangle the hair and rinse out the conditioner completely. Deep conditioning Deep conditioning can be used interchangeably with a regular conditioner. Some people choose to deep condition a few times a week, however, deep conditioning once or twice per month is acceptable as well. Apply deep conditioner to the hair after it has been washed and conditioned. Let it sit for about 30 mins – 1 hour and rinse. You can also apply the conditioner to their hair and have them sit under a hooded dryer on medium heat for about 10 minutes. Lock in moisture with LOC method L – Liquid (water or leave-in conditioner) O – Oil (Castor oil or coconut oil) C – Cream (moisturising cream or shea butter) Protective hairstyle Any hairstyle that protects the ends of your hair from breaking and over exposure to harsh elements is considered a protective style. Cornrows, braids, twists are good hairstyles for a child. See pictures below of cute protective hairstyles for kids.     