A police sergeant, Richard Mathebula, stationed at Nkowankowa kasi outside Tzaneen tells the story of how Covid-19 outbreak and lockdown changed his life and of his small family of five. It was a norm for this Cop to hug and kisses his three kids, Ndzhaka (10), Ndzhavuko (6) and Rendzo (5)every morning when leaving for work and afternoon after work. "Because of the dangerous job we work as cops, its important to do that and properly says goodbye to our families because we don't really know whether will make it back home from work or not, we deal with criminals. But today because of the Virus, we are advised by the experts to always keep social distance, even in our houses," he told Daily Sun. Mathebula says this is very sad to him and his fun loving family.. "We are a family that is outgoing, being indoors is struggle due to our outdoor lifestyle more specially for kids. But we are now forced to, this is terrible," he said. Mathebula says when he is  off duty he always make sure that he helps his kids with school related activities. And afterwards have some child play games to keep them happy and relaxed at home, this one place sitting is too hard for them. He said when the mother comes back from work  she just shoot straight to bed and watch TV because she knows that they are very much annoying especially now that they are not going to school or outside play. "I do go to work for 4days and am forced to be at home when am off because of the outbreak. We are the family that normally have a weekend away to have with kids  but now everything  ceased," he said. Mathebula says they have also introduced prayer session in the morning for the whole family after that the mother prepare breakfast for the whole family when she is not going to work. "She makes sure that everything is sorted and then ill take over from there, as from 10am I make it a point that the kids have some funny games up until around midday then I provide them with snacks and lock ourselves inside the house and watch kids programmes on TV which am not used to, until the mother come back from work," he said. Mathebula says also he must give attention to the mother. "I I know children are naughty at times but we must find a way to engage them on things that will keep them entertained and focus. And when you get a chance for shopping make sure that you buy something they like most.As they are now not going to school  its better you tell them about the situation you are experiencing and keep on hoping that things shall be back to normal," he said. It took them long to understand that they can no longer meet us at the garage and hug us like it use to be. "Now that there is an outbreak we told them that we must at all times keep the distance from each other or any person up until this outbreak is cleared," he concluded.