UZALO has been choked by the national lockdown’s restrictions. And thanks to its actors getting benched for being non-essential workers . . . THE SABC1 DRAMA WILL SOON RUN OUT OF NEW EPISODES! To curb this showbiz disaster, the producers of the prime-time telenovela tried to obtain permits for its staffers to continue working during the lockdown period. But the effort hit a brick wall. Among its reasons for rejection, the SABC argued Uzalo cast and crew didn’t fall under the essential workers category. Now, Uzalo finds itself in a bind. This as Mzansi’s favourite production, boasting more than 10 million viewers, will be forced to air the repeats next month. According to Uzalo spokesperson Nomfundo Zondi, the pre-recorded episodes will run until 8 May. Explained Nomfundo: “The lockdown has put production under immense post-lockdown pressure. “In light of this, we applied for an essential services working permit from the SABC but weren’t successful.” The SunTeam has learnt the producers were afraid the setback would result in a decrease in viewership numbers. When President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the first phase of the lockdown period on 23 March, he mentioned only essential workers were allowed to continue working if they had permits. The national lockdown, which was to end at midnight on 17 April, kicked off on 26 March. It was extended on 9 April to 30 April. The essential workers category included the health, banking and retail sectors, among a few others. But those working for TV productions, including actors, weren’t mentioned among essential workers. Uzalo then stopped production. It was reported during the week many soapies, including Isibaya, The Queen and The River faced Uzalo’s fate. Before hopes were dashed, Uzalo’s producers sent text messages to staff to get ready for work. But a second message containing the bad news was also sent. Commented an actor, who spoke on condition of anonymity: “As much as I want to be safe from being infected by COVID-19, I’m also afraid this lockdown period will take our jobs away. “But when I received an SMS asking me to go to work, I breathed a sigh of relief. “Now, I don’t know what will happen since I received the second SMS.” Another actor said they missed work. Said the actor: “Since the public broadcaster has rejected Uzalo’s request, it’s hard because as a freelancer, staying at home means no income.” But one actor warned the production must not put their lives at risk. “They must bear the brunt like everyone. If Hollywood can shut down, who do they think they are?” SABC’s acting spokesperson Mmoni Seapolelo said the public broadcaster maintained that all its productions remain closed until a collective decision regarding production houses resuming work is made. This in line with government regulations. Insisted Mmoni: “We’d also like to reiterate that we’ve put measures in place, including crucial engagements with relevant stakeholders concerning the organisation’s delivery on the set local content quotas. “Based on President Ciryl Ramaphosa’s announcement to move to alert level four (4) of the lockdown from 1 May, the Department of Communications and Digital Technologies and the Department of Sport, Arts and Culture are developing a proposal on mechanisms to ease the lockdown pressure on productions. “Once the guidelines and framework for easing restrictions on productions have been finalised, the SABC will apply its mind to make informed decisions regarding resuming work on impacted productions. “For now, work on productions will remain suspended. . .”