  PARLIAMENT has called on soldiers deployed to assist police
in enforcing lockdown regulations to restrain from using excessive force which
can heighten hostilities between citizens and law enforcement officers. The Portfolio Committee on Defence and Military Veterans
said the reported behavior of soldiers runs the risk of eroding public
confidence in the abilities of law enforcement agencies to protect and defend
its people. Committee chairman Cyril Xaba said they have noted various
incidents as reported by the media and ordinary citizens and they have been
disheartened by these disturbing incidents. Xaba said the committee was in support of the soldiers being
deployed to support the police as per its constitutional obligation. Xaba said this was done to support police operations in: •            Provision
of cordons for Saps operations. •           
Assistance with Saps roadblocks •            Armed
support (back-up) for Saps raids •            Air
support (helicopter and spotter planes) through the SA Air Force •            Medical
facilities and back-up assistance for the SA Navy for maritime operations where
required.  “Notwithstanding these noble intentions and efforts, it is
disheartening to note in the past few days, various complaints, mostly from the
media and ordinary citizens, exposing excessive use of force that undermines
the dignity of citizens during the lockdown. “We appeal to those members of the SANDF responsible for
these acts to conduct themselves in a manner befitting their stature and
consistent with their constitutional obligations to defend and protect the
Republic and its people in accordance with the constitution, and the principles
of international law regulating the use of force,” he said. Dana’s appeal comes on the back of an Alexandra man in
Joburg who was beaten to death by soldiers in his home. Colin Khoza was
allegedly inside his home when two soldiers stormed looking for alcohol. According to his wife, Nomsa Montshe, the soldiers dragged
him out of the house after they found one beer in the fridge. The matter is now
being investigated by police after the family opened a case. The SANDF has promised to co-operate with the
investigations. Khoza’s death is the ninth linked to soldiers since locked down
was announced.  Xaba said they are mindful of difficulties in the
maintenance of peace and stability in a multi-cultural and diverse society such
as ours, especially under the conditions of a lockdown. “We further call on citizens to co-operate with the law
enforcement agencies deployed in pursuit of their mandate. We believe that the
power vested in the defence force and the police services creates a contractual
relationship between them and the people, which should not be abused. “Let us all act responsibly,” said Mr Xaba