ORLANDO PIRATES legend Lucky Lekgwathi says there’s no way Kaizer Chiefs should be handed the trophy – because of the uncertainty created by the COVID-19 interruption. Lekgwathi thinks there’re better solutions to conclude the season rather than just handing Chiefs the trophy on a silver platter merely because they’re on top of the table. Said Lekgwathi: “The solution is to wait and then play all the remaining matches. You can’t win the league with outstanding matches, it’ll be unfair on other teams. “If you give Chiefs the league, what about the teams that are fighting for relegation? They’re going to complain. Other clubs, who want to get into the Top8, will complain as well. “Let’s wait and see, things will get back to normal, we shall overcome this coronavirus as it won’t be around forever,” he added. Lekgwathi was speaking from Soshanguve in Tshwane, where he was donating food parcels at an old age home. He was with retired SuperSport United skipper Thabo September. The legend grew up in the kasi and this was a way of giving back to the community that played a major role in his life. The 44 year-old, who wore the Buccaneers jersey with pride for an unbelievable 14 years, said he felt sorry for current players who are twiddling their thumbs after being locked down due to the coronavirus pandemic. “I’m feeling the pain felt by the players. It’s better for me because I’ve retired,” said Lekgwathi. “Sitting at home and doing nothing is very frustrating. Not so long ago they had a break during the Christmas recess. “I am convinced they want to go back onto the pitch and play. If you look at their social media pages, you can see the players are keeping themselves fit by training at home, and that’s very motivating. “It teaches them not to wait for the coach to train them and that they should take the initiative.” He added that he was impressed by the Buccaneers as of late. “They went through a bad patch at some stage and the chairman (Irvin Khoza) brought the German coach Josef Zinnbauer. “When a new coach comes, the players want to play and they have been collecting points. They’re very stable now and mathematically, they still have a chance to win the league. But watch them next season, they’re going to be unstoppable. “They look good and comfortable under Zinnbauer,” said Lekgwathi.