MAMELODI Sundowns star Gaston Sirino’s stock has not stopped rising ever since he put pen to paper for the Tshwane giants in January 2018. The Uruguayan midfielder has taken to life in Mzansi’s top tier, the PSL, like a duck to water. He arrived in Chloorkop fresh from winning two titles with his previous club Bolivar in Bolivia and was determined to keep the winning momentum going. And he managed to achieve that as he helped Downs win the Absa Premiership title in his first two seasons. Sirino says adjusting to life in Mzansi was made easier by the reception he got from the Sundowns fans. “It was really easy adjusting to life here, the people here are very friendly and welcoming,” Sirino told his club’s website. “The Sundowns supporters are unreal, from the songs in the stadiums to when they see me around outside football. They have embraced me and my family and it’s very comforting to see and experience this love. My family and daughters are enjoying themselves and have become my private interpreters, they have picked up English very quickly.” Sirino, however, revealed that he did struggle with the physicality of the PSL and credited his Pitso Mosimane for helping him find his feet. “It is different,” he admitted. “Here the football is a lot more physical. It took me some time to adjust to the physicality and speed at first. Coach Pitso helped me a lot here and allowed me the time to adjust and never rushed me.” Sirino has also had to work on his temperament after his discipline came into question following several incidents on the field. He has managed to get himself booked more times than it is normal for an attacking player. “I am a very emotional player. I put everything into every game and sometimes I let my emotions get the better of me,” added the diminutive midfielder. “I am growing as a player and a person and want to leave that all behind. I feel like I have become a senior player in the team now and need to lead by example.” Sirino, like many sports lovers across the globe, can hardly wait for things to get back to normal after the Coronavirus pandemic has passed. However, the 29-year-old is relishing the opportunity that the break has given him to spend quality time with his family. “It has been really sad to see the world in this condition, I have family visiting and family overseas in Uruguay who are in similar conditions. I think it is very important that we all listen to our governments and stay at home so they can work at getting us all back to normal and playing football again,” added Sirino. “I have my family here from Uruguay so it has really been a blessing spending this much time with my fiancé, kids and the rest of my family. I haven’t been able to do this in years. We are also constantly talking and checking up on my family in Uruguay who are also quarantined at home.”