A kasi
business has donated food parcels to over 150 people in Lower Crossroads who
are struggling during the lock-down. Estratweni
Mobile Foods, a company that is known for making burgers on the streets of
Philippi in Browns Farm has decided to give back to their community amidst hard
times faced by residents during the lockdown. Residents
from Lloyd Squatter camp benefited from the groceries. Co-founder
Thando "Space" Mavumengwana said they bought the groceries from the
discounts they made from Spar and they were assisted by Naspers Labs who
contributed some money. He said
their business is known for its goodwill in the kasi and believes that this
time of lockdown is when their hand is needed the most. Co-founder
Siphumeza "Blax" Ramncwana said they have received requests from ward
councilors and community leaders calling for assistance especially for people
living in informal settlements. He said
they had to ensure the councilors and community leaders were at the forefront
of food distribution and avoid gathering large numbers of people which would
result in contravention of lockdown rules. “We have
worked with councilors so that they can assist us in distributing the food
considering that there is COVOD-19 so it requires great care to avoid gathering
people in one place. Councilors also know the people who are in dire need, so
we ensure that the donations go through them,” said Ramncwana. He added
that the informal settlement residents are between the rock and a hard place. “Informal
settlements are the ones that are hit hard, it’s difficult to imagine how six
people stay inside a one-roomed shack during the lockdown and this is even made
worse when they don’t have food to eat. “Therefore,
we decided to come up with this initiative which we believe will put a smile on
many people’s faces,” added Ramncawa. Food
recipient Yolisa Vanqa (38) a mother of three said: “I’m a cleaner and our
company closed doors because many of their clients are closed as well. I don’t
even know if we are going to re-open. I was in desperate need of food and God
responded at the right time by sending well-wishers. This food would take me a
long way.”