In an effort to urge other business to join the government in fighting Covid-19, Mpumalanga finance, economic development and tourism MEC, Pat Ngomane, has expressed his gratitude after Sappi South Africa donated face masks, food parcels, blankets and sanitizers. Receiving the donations on Friday in Mbombela, Ngomane said the contributions will be donated to local health centres and shelters to the homeless in the province.“On behalf of the provincial government, we thank Sappi South Africa for heeding our call, when we requested private partners to support our efforts of combating the COVID-19 disease,” he said. “We received items such 1000 litres of hand sanitisers which will be distributed to 28 clinics across the province, 4000 surgical masks, food parcels which will be handed out to the community of Mankele at Sudwala and 150 blankets which will be distributed by the department of social development at shelters for the homeless,” Ngomane said. He said the donation is an indication that the business supports and care about the lives of the other people. Ngomane further urges communities to continue adhering to the rules of lockdown by staying at home and practice hygiene. CEO of Sappi Southern Africa Alex Thiel said the donation was meant to provide some relief during this period of Covid-19 as many essential items such as hand sanitizers, face masks, nutritional porridge and paper products are scares. “We commit to continue contributing to flatten the curve while delivering essential services we are committed to heed the call of the President in fighting this disease and its effects together as a country,” he said.Meanwhile MEC for social development Thandi Shongwe received about 1000 food parcels donated by Portia Shabangu Foundation. The chairperson of the foundation, Marcia Khoza told Daily Sun they saw a need to contribute to the people of Mpumalanga especially during this period of Covid-19. "I am happy to be making a contribution in the province during these difficult times and my plan is to continue contributing in other areas too," she said. Social development MEC Thandi Shongwe said they are very grateful for the donation they have received."We continue to make a call the private sector to assist the department in this time of need everyone to partner with the department," she said.