 At last, the South African music industry will have only one body to regulate it.The new interim committee of South African Music Industry Council (SAMIC) was nominated a week ago (on Thursday). This interim committee has 12 members, including Stanley Khoza and Tebogo Sithathu.  Most of them have been in the music industry for some time. The interim chairperson is China Mpololo. He said: "The purpose of SAMIC is to revive and regulate the music industry. This is to ensure that the music industry is taken seriously. "Hence, SAMIC will tackle all the issues that frustrate the music industry. Some of those issues include payola. We know for a fact that payola is rife and crippling the music industry. But that is coming to an end because we shall be bringing mechanism to stop it. We shall monitor the issues of airplay to ensure that the music of our artists gets played on radio. “We shall also be ensuring that artists get their royalties on time. From now onwards, no artist will be exploited by an event organiser. If an artist performs at an event, he or she will be guaranteed to get his or her money." He went on to say: “All event organisers will have to apply and get approval from SAMIC. If an event is  not SAMIC approved, then that event will not take place otherwise there’ll be no guarantee of anything for those involved. This means we shall have a list of all SAMIC approved events, and the public will have access to this list. In this way, we are protecting everyone involved,” he said. On the same breath, no artist will be able to rob the event organiser. “If an artist is booked and has confirmed his or her availability, then he or she will not be able to vanish into thin air without fulfilling the terms of the contract. Unless of course there are unforeseen circumstances,” he said. According to China, there are 23 organizations under SAMIC.  “SAMIC is recognized by the Department of Arts and Culture. Our role is to monitor and regulate everything and anything that has to do with music industry. Most music organizations including SAMPA, SAMPRA, SAMRO, RISA, MPASA, MIPASA, SAMIPA, NATMA, JAZZ  foundation, AESA are monitored by us,” said China He said that the interim committee will sit for six months. “We have a mandate of taking the organization to an elective conference. This will happen in September this year, at a national level. We shall then select a comprehensive committee. In that conference, we can decide to have board members or we can elect to have a fully fledged organization with executive members,” explained China. He said that, while they are preparing for this conference, it does not mean they will not raise issues. “We already have a voice and we shall raise issues that concern music industry. Some of those issues include the Covid-19. We are already communicating with Minister Mthethwa’s office to address our concerns,” he added.