THE Covid-19 forced Premier Soccer League (PSL) break has left thousands of stadium security guards without an income. While the league is trying to grapple with what has now been over a month’s break in the schedule, a lot of concern has been centred on stadium staff and workers, who won’t have any means of income. And there has not been word just yet of any assistance by the league to guards not even in their employ‚ but that of individual security companies. While other sports personalities like referees and players will be assisted through the Department of Sports and Recreation’s R150 million relief fund announced by Minister Nathi Mthethwa, security personnel who work part-time atmatches were not included. This has led to top PSL referee Victor Hlungwani and a group of passionate football followers known as “Pushipassion” taking it upon themselves to try and land a helping hand to these security guards. Hlungwani, in partnership with Pushipassion, will attempt to raise funds through his non-profit organisation (NPO), the Limpopo Sports Wise, to assist guards with food parcels and vouchers. “As referees, we are covered but some of our colleagues, like the security guards, are not so fortunate and have to struggle to earn a living during this difficult time,” said Hlungwani “I then engaged the WhatsApp group members of “Pushipassion” about the situation and we then agreed to contribute towards assisting the security personnel. “Pushipassion members agreed to contribute from R200 upwards and we’ve now raised R3 000. The target that we have set is R25 000 as there are 20 to 45 security personnel who work on category-A matches of the league. They are not employed and work on a part-time basis to control the gates. Hlungwani is hoping to attract sponsors for this course and any contribution would be sent through to his NPO, which he formed along with sports personalities and officials such as David Mathebula, Tonic Chabalala, Tebogo Monyai and Vusi Ntimane. “As a responsible citizen, parent and sports personality, I was touched by the struggle of my colleagues and started investigations with the relevant role players who confirmed that these security personnel are not employed by the league,” added Hlungwani. “I then informed my group of passionate football followers, Pushipassion, who embraced the idea of contributions to assist our security guards. “There are 2000 security guards in the country, but we can only start with 20 to 45 and take it from there. We encourage anyone who wants to assist to contribute and we will give food parcels to our security personnel.”