AFTER hearing that street vendors can now continue freely with their business, a few went back today. This is after they were told to stay home as President  Cyril Ramaphosa announced the national 21 days lockdown to curb the  spread of Coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic. And the street vendors said although the taxis are not on the streets but they will at least sell something and go back home with some cash rather than to sit at home and get nothing. In KwaMashu Shopping Centre situated in the north of Durban there were a few vendors. A street vendor Thulani Luthuli (33) from G section KwaMashu north of Durban who sells scones and cup cakes in KwaMashu Shopping Centre said he was delighted to hear that they are allowed to sell again. He said it was hard for him when he was sitting at home because selling cakes is the only way that he is able to get an income. "I have two daughters aged four (and seven who live with me. So as I wasn't selling I couldn't buy them bread and I had to ask my sister for bread," he said. He said since he woke-up today he has been able to sell three buckets of cakes already. "I'm happy to be back to business again," he said. A salon owner Lucky Hadebe (49) said a lot of people have been  asking him to open because they really needed to cut their hair but he couldn't. "So when I heard that we can proceed with business I was happy and informed all those who were phoning me to come," he said. He said this lockdown has really ruined his business but he hopes soon he will get back on his feet. And Ntombani Dlamini (56) who sells amagwinya and cool drinks said she is back but is worried that she wont make enough money because currently there are no taxis. "I get supported by taxi drivers a lot. But now that they are not here its gonna be hard for me," she said. Meanwhile, lines were still snaking in KwaMashu Shopping Centre although yesterday (Friday) was the last day for social grants payout. People were still lining up to get their grants. A grant recipient Nonhlanhla Mkhize (44) said she couldn't come on the days that were specified because she was not well. "Although lines are still long but they are moving faster today," she said. Others said they came to buy their groceries today. 