THE hospital staff did not have transport to go home after work, and they decided to protest. Cops were called to Bongani Hospital in Welkom on Tuesday and rubber bullets and stun grenades were used on angry nurses and other staff members. One nurse said they were gatvol of struggling with transport to and from work due to the lockdown. She told Daily Sun: "Our lives are at risk especially during the night when we have to come to work or go home. We need transport to go to work and the government is not helping us. But we are expected to work otherwise we face disciplinary actions. “We understand the lockdown and that there will be a lack of many things, but we feel that the department is not meeting us halfway. We don't want to risk our lives walking at night." Another nurse said the taxis were taking advantage of the situation and some were charging more. "The rule said the taxis should not be full of passengers, other taxi operators were demanding pay for the empty seats and that's not fair. We are protesting because we demand that the health department gives us the transport if they need our services," said the nurse. Free State health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said they were aware of the protest by the hospital staff. Mvambi told Daily Sun: "The taxi operators were allegedly demanding the staff to pay for the empty seats. The staff can't afford to pay for that. But we have provided the staff with transport until the lockdown period ends. “The staff should understand that the department cannot give staff transportation. Again, gathering in public is banned during lockdown but the staff did not apply the rule. Social distancing was not followed. “The police attended to the matter and we have not heard of any deaths or injuries." Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said: "On Tuesday a protest action incident by employees of Bongani Hospital took place at the entrance of the hospital. “Public Order Police contained the incident by dispersing the protesters with stun grenades and rubber bullets. Disgruntled employees were complaining about transport problems. “A case of public violence was opened for further investigation. No arrest and no injuries were reported so far. Police in Welkom have registered a common assault case after a male nurse complained of an injury sustained during the early morning protest when police were dispersing the crowd. Investigations will go on.” The case was referred to the IPID. IPID spokesman Sontaga Seisa confirmed to Daily Sun that they received a Bongani hospital case and will be investigating it.   