The
Department of Higher Education and Training has decided not to resume
campus-based activity when Level 4 of the lockdown commences on Friday. "We
have decided not to resume with campus-based academic activity throughout the
sector, including all universities and TVET (technical vocational education and
training) colleges, both public and private, during the Level 4 lockdown
period," Higher Education and Training Minister Blade Nzimande said at a
briefing on Thursday afternoon. President
Cyril Ramaphosa introduced a risk-adjusted strategy, composed of five levels of
lockdown, in order to allow for the reopening of the economy while at the same
time managing the spread of Covid-19 in the country. As a
result, South Africa will be shifting from Level 5 to Level 4 on Friday, which
will see a slight easing of the lockdown restrictions. Minister of
Higher Education Blade Nzimande told reporters on Saturday that they have done
all they can to ensure that students are able to get their materials and get
online. While
campus-based activity will not resume under Level 4, an exception will be made
for final year clinical students, Nzimande said. "The
only exception will be the controlled return of final year clinical training
(medical) students, under strict conditions, to also directly assist with the
health management campaign of the Department of Health."The risk of a
return to normal campus-based activity for thousands of students and staff is
simply too great, and cannot function successfully outside of the national
context of a general lockdown," Nzimande explained. Planning
and preparation The
department will use this phase for planning and preparation at all universities
and TVET colleges, as well as the mobilisation of resources. "Our
collective efforts during this period remains that of putting appropriate
remote learning support systems in place for all our PSET (post school
education and training) institutions, using whatever means available, while
preparing our institutional capacities for the eventual return of students and
staff once conditions permit such," he added. From 1 May
until South Africa moves to a lower level of lockdown, the department has put
in place measures for remote learning. This
includes developing and implementing effective multi-modal remote learning
systems (digital, analogue and physical delivery of learning materials) to
provide support to learners. "As we
are in an unprecedented emergency, we have to use all available tools to reach
our students, fully cognisant that it will not substitute the need for contact
learning when conditions permit. "This
we will do, making sure that no student or institution is left behind,"
Nzimande said. In
addition, the department believes it is close to securing a universal access
deal with the major mobile network operators around data and connectivity to
support remote learning. And, where digital means are not accessible to
students, the department will be delivering learning materials. Among other
measures, the department will also be using this period to deep clean campuses,
to ensure readiness for the return of students when it is permitted. SOURCE:
NEWS24