 Health Minister Zweli Mkhize said 1 600 of the 1
700 people who came into contact with 859 people who attended a massive church
gathering in Bloemfontein in March, have been traced. The Jerusalem prayer breakfast gathe Health Minister Zweli Mkhize said 1 600 of the 1
700 people who came into contact with 859 people who attended a massive church
gathering in Bloemfontein in March, have been traced. The Jerusalem prayer breakfast gathering took place
from 9 to 11 March at the Divine Restoration Ministries. Five overseas visitors
infected with the novel coronavirus were present at the event. Since the event, several attendees have tested
positive for Covid-19, including Reverend Kenneth Meshoe, ACDP leader, Steve
Swart, ACDP MP, lay preacher Angus Buchan, as well as his wife, Jill. John Hlangeni, 85, a pastor who attended the prayer
meeting, died at Pelonomi Hospital in Bloemfontein on Monday after contracting
Covid-19. South Africa recorded 82 new cases of coronavirus
on 2 April, bringing the total to 1 462. Worldwide coronavirus cases hit 1
million, the AFP has reported. It also reported that the death toll stood at 51
364 as of Thursday evening. On Sunday, Mkhize called on all those who attended
to report to the Department of Health for testing. On Friday, he attributed the
sharp increase in cases in the Free State to the church gathering. In a statement on Thursday evening, Mkhize said
that it had been "a most exciting afternoon spent at the Free State". "We know that in the Free State, the epicentre
of the outbreak was a church gathering in Mangaung, Bloemfontein. Again, having
learnt from situations like in Daegu, South Korea, we knew that it was vital to
act quickly in the Free State and mobilise resources to the area for
large-scale testing, track and tracing and quarantine," Mkhize said. "As you know, the Free State was the first to
receive mobile testing units to ensure every church member was tested. I am
pleased to report that, further to this, the tracking and tracing of all
contacts has gone extremely well, extending to all provinces where affected
congregants may have travelled to after the conference," the minister
said. "It is remarkable that of 1 700 contacts, 1
600 have been traced already. "I had an opportunity to visit the operations
centre and the infectious diseases unit and could see that all the right things
were being done." SOURCE: NEWS24