ERNST Middendorp is making the most of the coronavirus imposed break and plans to write an autobiography. The Kaizer Chiefs coach has hinted at writing the yet-to-be-titled project and should have made up his mind by the time the lockdown is lifted. Middendorp, whose side is on top of the Absa Premiership standings, disclosed the project as part of his participation in a programme initiated by the Ghana Rugby Association (GRA) to raise awareness on the Covid-19 pandemic. He holds legendary status in the West African country, having coached top flight sides, Asante Kotoko (1999-2002) and Hearts of Oak (2004). Ghana had confirmed substantial number of cases of the pandemic, and nine deaths since the first cases were detected on 12 March. According to BBC, President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana has lifted a three-week lockdown in two cities, citing improved coronavirus testing and the “severe” impact of the restrictions on the poor and vulnerable in the West African nation. In a video message broadcast to the GRA, encouraging Ghanaians to stay home and safe, the German-born Middendorp disclosed other past times he enjoys during the lockdown. “There are so many things that one can do such as reading and writing,” Middendorp said. His participation in the Covid-19 initiative followed the invitation by GRA president, Herbert Mensah. Mensah brought Middendorp to Ghana when he was chairman of Asante Kotoko. Born in the south eastern city of Freren, Germany, the 61-year-old is a university graduate. In 1986, he graduated from the University of Bielefeld with a degree in economics, politics and history. Before the suspension of PSL matches, Middendorp was in the running to win the Premiership title in his second stint with Chiefs. With eight matches to play, Amakhosi top the standings on 48 points but face a formidable challenge from defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns, who have four points less with a game in hand. SunSport’s efforts to get comment from Middendorp’s planned book for more clarity drew a blank, as the Amakhosi coach was busy with club duties, and written questions to the coach are yet to be responded to. – CAJ News