WHEN it comes to the worst foreign strikers to have graced the Premier Soccer League (PSL), none can be worse than Davies Mwape. But a closer look reveals that the former Orlando Pirates marksman isn’t the only flop we’ve seen. Actually, the PSL has opened doors to many other chancers. We pick the top five flops. DAVIES MWAPE The Buccaneers were convinced they have found a “Collins Mbesuma” when they recruited the Zambian. But as history later showed, they found nothing close to the Kaizer Chiefs hit man. They were probably fed wrong information as seen when Mwape huffed-and-puffed throughout the season before being shipped to upstarts FC AK. HAYTHAM TAMBAL The Sudan national team all-time leading goal scorer arrived at Pirates having banged in a whopping 21 goals in 20 matches for Al-Merrikh. But he left the Buccaneers without scoring a single goal, having made only one appearance. But then again it was hardly surprising as his country is not known to produce notable stars. SERGE DJIEHOUA Despite his bulky frame, Djiehoua found Collins Mbesuma’s shoes to big to fill at Kaizer Chiefs. The Ivorian’s first league goal in the 2005/06 season against Maritzburg United had a promise of more. Physically imposing, Djiehoua resembled one Benson Otiti... but not with the skill. “Mavusana”, as he was affectionately known, could not deliver as he manage four more goals in 10 appearances before he switched to Thanda Royal Zulu. BRYAN ALDAVE As with Davies Mwape, Mamelodi Sundowns got reference from the same agent who brought Jose Torrealba and Vicente Principiano. Aldave had a six-month spell in the 2007-08 season. And even though he did earn his salary with five goals, he wasn’t quite what the doctor had ordered for the Brazilians. JEAN BAPTISTE FAYE With only three appearances for Polokwane City, Faye was a dud. And the Senegalese certainly scored more off the field as City were ordered to pay R1 million by Fifa after the club terminated his contract in 2015. Rise and Shine won’t remember him fondly.