The World Health Organisation (WHO) as well as the South African government and health officials have stated it’s imperative we wash our hands thoroughly with soap and water for at least 20 seconds to effectively curb the spread of germs. Alcohol-based hand sanitisers that contain at least 60% alcohol can also be used to rid your hands of germs. However, keeping our hands clean can lead to, and exacerbate, dry skin issues. That’s why it’s important to both sanitise and moisturise, explains Clere brand manager, Su-Marie Annandale. Clere, for almost 60 years, has always been a brand that cares. From their motto of ‘love your beautiful skin,’ to their long-time advocacy of creating a positive body image, Annandale says it was a natural progression for the brand to step up during this crisis we currently find ourselves in. Clere Pure & Protect Instant Hand Sanitiser will cleanse and protect all skin types and provides 99.99% germ protection with an alcohol content of 65%. Annandale adds that hand sanitisers should be used when it makes the most sense, like after touching a door handle or another surface that might carry germs. In fact, the more regularly you use it the more effective it will be. The increase in sanitising and washing plus, the cooler autumn air we’re currently experiencing, means our skin is being stripped of its natural, protective oils at a much more rapid rate, causing it to dry out.  Annandale suggests using a moisturising crème throughout the day to help restore moisture and seal it back into the skin. Clere’s range of crèmes and lotions consist of four unique formulations: Pure Glycerine Crème, Triple Glycerine, Tissue oil and Pure Glycerine and Glycerine Gel. All four formulations provide 48-hour moisturisation and contain Vitamins E & A which are gentle, yet effective, on dry skin from over-washing and sanitising. Annandale provides the following tips as to how you can keep your hands clean and moisturised: Clere Pure & Protect Instant Hand Sanitiser is available at all leading retailers starting at R24.95. Clere’s range of crèmes and lotions are available at all leading retailers at a cost of R34.99 and R21.99 respectively.