You’ve been seriously bloated, moody, and tired—and you’ve
got monster cramps. In other words, you’re suffering from all of the classic
period symptoms…but your period is totally MIA. First: don’t freak. There’s a laundry list of reasons (and
some are really no big deal) behind why those tell-tale menstrual cramps are
plaguing you, but there’s no period along with ’em. “Hormonal changes related to ovulation can affect some of
the same pathways in your brain that might be affected by other medical
conditions, causing mood swings that feel similar to your period but aren’t
related to ovulation or menses,” says Dr Chailee Moss, an ob-gyn at Johns
Hopkins Medicine. What’s more, some physical abnormalities in your uterus and
ovaries can also cause cramping that feels like typical symptoms of PMS, she
adds. The thing is, because there are so many different reasons
behind cramps with no period, you should never be shy about bringing them up
with your doctor if you’re concerned. (It’s always wise to be your own health
advocate!) But it’s still helpful to get familiar with the possible
causes, so keep reading for a comprehensive list to help you narrow down what
might be fueling your cramps. Talking about Asia's menstrual revolution Olivia Cotes-James wants us to talk about menstrual health.
Properly. No more euphemisms, no more opaque marketing, no more superstitions,
and no glossing over cramps, bleeding, or pain: Reframing current attitudes is
vital for women's empowerment... Anovulation Every once in a while, your body goes through all of the
hormonal changes associated with pre-menstrual syndrome (PMS) but doesn’t
actually release an egg that month. This is known as an anovulatory cycle. And
if you do not release an egg during a cycle, you won’t actually get your period
(but you could still get the cramps). Anovulation is more common than you might think: “Ten to 18
percent of all regular cycles are anovulatory,” says Chicago-based ob-gyn Dr
Jessica Shepherd. An anovulatory cycle can happen randomly on occasion, or it
may be related to another issue, like nutrition, body weight, or you’re getting
close to menopause. While skipping a period every now and then is usually
nothing to worry about, if you have a fever, significant nausea or vomiting, or
pain that you can’t control with simple OTC medications or that doesn’t improve
within a week, check in with your doctor right away. Otherwise, it’s also time to see your doc if you skip more
than three cycles in a row, says Dr. Shepherd. Pregnancy If you’ve had unprotected sex in the last month, were a bit
lax about taking your pill, or rely on the pullout method for birth control,
it’s worth taking a pregnancy test. Many of the symptoms of early pregnancy,
including breast tenderness, mood swings, fatigue, and cramping, are the same
ones that you were already experiencing month to month before and during your
period. Think there’s a chance you could be pregnant? Take an
at-home pregnancy test on the day that you expect your period. If it comes back
negative, wait three to four days and try again. “One to two days can make a
difference in a positive pregnancy test,” says Moss. Thyroid conditions Your thyroid, a small butterfly-shaped gland in your neck,
regulates many of your body’s functions, including your metabolism and
menstrual cycles. If your thyroid gets out of whack, your cycles can become
irregular, says Shepherd. The result: You may you go a long stretch without
having your period while still experiencing period-like symptoms, says Moss. Because your thyroid regulates your brain function, mood
swings that you thought were PMS may be related to your neurologic function,
she explains. And spotting or cramping may occur because the lining of your
uterus has built up but hasn’t shed because you’re not ovulating. Be sure to check in with your doctor if you’re experiencing
other symptoms of a thyroid condition, including sudden unexplained weight loss
or gain, shaking, heart palpitations, or significant fatigue. Hormonal birth control One very common side effect of hormonal IUDs is skipped
periods. That’s because one of the ways the device prevents pregnancy is by
thinning out the endometrial lining so there’s nothing to shed come that time
of the month. And, while they don’t typically nix your flow altogether, birth
control pills can result in super-light flows or spotting. So you might feel
period symptoms like breast tenderness even without a heavy, full-blown period,
says Shepherd. Stress Stress is a surprisingly common reason for missing your
period. “Stress increases your cortisol levels, which affects your hormone
balance,” says Shepherd—including the hormones that regulate your ovaries and
uterine lining. Exams, the death of a family member, and divorce are all
big-time stress-inducing events that can cause periods to go awry. But these
life-changing biggies aren’t the only reasons you might be feeling the effects
of stress. “Some people don’t realize they’re so stressed, but once
they talk about it they realize they are going through something,” says
Shepherd. If you think stress is messing with your periods, talk to your
doctor; therapy, exercise, yoga, and meditation can all help get your stress
under control and your periods back on track. Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) Frequent skipped periods can be caused by polycystic ovarian
syndrome (PCOS). “PCOS is a condition in which a patient has an excess of
androgens, which are chemicals in the body that affect ovary function, hair
growth, weight gain, and sensitivity to insulin,” says Moss. PCOS can result in anovulatory cycles and irregular
spotting. It commonly causes cysts to grow on the ovaries, which, if they
rupture or cause the ovary to twist, can cause pelvic pain that feels a lot
like period cramps. Up to 20 percent of women worldwide are affected by PCOS,
and it’s more common among women who are overweight or have a mom or sister
with by the condition, Moss says. If you think you might be suffering from
PCOS, check in with your doctor. While there is no cure, birth control and
other medications can help keep symptoms under wraps and get your periods back
on track. Uterine polyps You might associate polyps with your colon, but the same
small benign tumours can grow in your uterus. “It’s an overgrowth of the lining
of the uterus,” says Moss. Polyps in your uterus can cause cramping and
period-like discomfort, even when you’re not on your period. Because polyps can make it harder to get pregnant, and
because there is a small risk they may develop into uterine cancer down the
line, your doctor will likely want to remove them, most often with a relatively
simple procedure known as a hysteroscopy. During a hysteroscopy, a doctor
inserts a long tube up through the vagina and into the uterus. The doctor is
able to use the scope to both see and cut out the polyps. Ovarian cysts Every month, your ovaries make several cysts in preparation
for ovulation, but only one cyst releases an egg. Although the others usually
dissipate on their own by the time you get your period, sometimes one cyst or
more sticks around. Cysts can also occur if you have an anovulatory cycle (such
as with PCOS). Ovarian cysts often cause no symptoms at all, although they can
sometimes trigger period-like pain when you’re not on your period. So if you’re
experiencing irregular cramping, talk with your doctor. “Cysts in and of themselves aren’t usually a problem,” says
Moss. “But if they get particularly large, they can cause the ovary to twist,
which is painful and requires an emergency procedure to save your ovary.” Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) Cramping is a common symptom of PID, which is an infection
of the uterus, fallopian tubes, or ovaries that typically occurs when sexually
transmitted bacteria spread from your vagina to your reproductive organs. “Sexually transmitted infections such as chlamydia and
gonorrhoea are the typical culprits of this serious pelvic infection that can
lead to pelvic pain and infertility,” says Dr Sherry A. Ross, an ob-gyn and
author of She-ology. “Make sure you’re getting regular STI checks between new
sexual partners to ensure you are not a carrier of damaging STIs.” Urinary tract infections (UTI) One common symptom of a UTI is pelvic cramping, Dr. Ross
says. “Other symptoms include frequency, urgency, and pain and burning with
urination, as well as bleeding with urination.” If you think your cramps might be associated with a UTI,
head to your ob-gyn or primary care physician ASAP; left untreated, a UTI could
turn into life-threatening kidney infection. Mittelschmerz If you’ve got PMS-like cramping, bloating, and breast
tenderness but no period, one reason may be that it’s not *quite* time for your
period yet—but it’s coming.  German for “middle pain,” mittelschmerz happens about half-way
through your menstrual cycle — around day 14 when you ovulate, says Dr Nicole
Scott, an ob-gyn at IU Health. It’s a totally normal experience — affecting
about 20 percent of women — and it doesn’t mean anything is wrong, she says. Since it’s just your ovaries doing their thing, there’s not
much you can do to prevent it and the symptoms should go away within a day or
two. But if you’re cramping or feeling discomfort that is extremely painful or
comes with any sign of infection, call your doc, Dr. Scott adds. Exercising too much Hitting the gym on the regular is one of the best things you
can do to help deal with PMS, but working out too hard or too often can
actually mess up your cycle and in some cases make you miss your period all
together, Scott says. All the physical stress, especially if you lose a lot of
body fat, can make your period go AWOL and cause abnormal fluctuations in your
hormone levels. These fluctuations can cause moodiness, irregular spotting,
acne and other PMS-like symptoms. As mentioned, if you miss your period for three cycles or
more in a row, talk to your doctor. Certain sex positions It’s ironic that something so pleasurable can also lead to
pain. But, “Experiencing cramping or pain after sex is completely normal,” says
Dr Ross. Why is that? “Some sexual positions are known to be
anatomically harder on the vagina and female organs including the uterus and
ovaries,” she explains. “For example, doggie style allows deeper penetration
but can cause discomfort for many women, while missionary position tends to be
easier and more comfortable for women.” Experiment with your partner to figure
out which positions are best for your body. Interstitial cystitis This painful bladder syndrome, which affects women more
often than men, can also cause cramping in the lower abdominal area, Dr Ross
says. Also known as “painful bladder syndrome,” other symptoms of
interstitial cystitis are similar to a urinary tract infection, including
pelvic pain, pain between the vagina and anus in women, pain during
intercourse, and a continual strong urge to urinate. The exact causes of this
condition aren’t known, but it may be associated with a defect in the protective
lining (epithelium) of the bladder, an autoimmune reaction, infection, or
allergy. It may also be hereditary. A miscarriage Miscarriages are much more common than you might think—every
pregnant woman has a 25 percent chance of having a miscarriage, says Dr. Ross.
Signs of a miscarriage can include severe menstrual-like cramping. If you’re
pregnant and are experiencing severe cramping, contact your doctor immediately. Endometriosis Endometriosis occurs when tissue that normally grows inside
of the uterus, grows outside of it—typically in the pelvic area, which can
cause significant cramping, says Dr. Ross. Pelvic pain associated with endometriosis differs from
regular PMS pain in that it often shows up days or weeks earlier than typical
PMS cramping, and it may last for days even after your period is done (so,
basically, you have very few pain-free days throughout your cycle).
Endometriosis cramping also comes without those other PMS symptoms like mood
swings. Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) “Lower abdominal cramping is a common complaint in women
suffering from IBS,” Ross says. The intestinal disorder is associated with recurring
abdominal pain or discomfort along with altered bowel habits over a period of
at least three months. These can include constipation, diarrhoea, or the double
whammy—both constipation and diarrhoea (yes, this is possible!), Dr Ross says. Ovarian cancer Ovarian cancer is relatively rare, affecting only about
22,000 women a year in the U.S., but it’s one of the deadliest cancers for
women, killing about 14,000 women a year. A big part of this is because it
often shows no, or very subtle, symptoms, Scott says. Missing your period isn’t the most common symptom of ovarian
cancer—those are abdominal bloating, urinary problems, weight loss, and
pain—but it is a possible symptom, according to the American Cancer Society. So if you’ve missed your period for three months or more or
you have other concerning symptoms, call your doc STAT. Ruptured cyst Cysts—such as those caused by PCOS, an anovulatory cycle, or
simply your ovaries—are fluid-filled sacs that often come with no symptoms,
according to the National Library of Medicine (NLM). That being said, cysts can
sometimes cause the sensation of pressure, bloating, swelling, and (ding, ding,
ding) period-like pain but without menstruation. Although cysts are typically not a problem, they can get
rather large and potentially rupture, causing sudden, sharp cramps, often in
tandem with nausea and vomiting, per the NLM. Because it depends on which ovary
has (or had) the cyst, there’s no hard-and-fast rule as to where in your
abdomen you might experience this pain. Pelvic floor muscle dysfunction The pelvic floor is a group of muscles and other tissues
that form a sling across the pelvis, which holds together the vagina, uterus,
bladder, rectum, and other pelvic organs, according to the NLM. Just like any
other part of your body, your pelvic floor can become weak or injured,
particularly after pregnancy and childbirth, and cause symptoms such as pelvic
pain, lower back pain, and the feeling of pelvic pressure or fullness that are
akin to those during your period. The standout difference from menstruation pain? If you can
feel a bulge inside the vagina or, in more extreme cases, you can organs start
to push out of the vaginal opening, per the American College of Obstetricians
and Gynecologists (ACOG), then you are probably dealing with pelvic floor
muscular problems. Other symptoms include pain during sex, burning feeling in
the vagina and while peeing, leaking urine when you cough, laugh, or exercise,
and leaking stool or hard time making it to the bathroom in time. To determine
what’s going on, ACOG says that your health care provider will typically
conduct vaginal and rectal exams in which you may be asked to cough or strain
to see if you leak. Ectopic pregnancy Simply put: an ectopic pregnancy is when a fertilized egg
grows outside the uterus, about 90 percent of the time in a fallopian tube,
ACOG explains. As the pregnancy grows, it can cause the tube to burst,
potentially causing life-threatening internal bleeding that warrants immediate
surgery. At first, this pregnancy might appear and feel just like any
typical pregnancy, thanks to signs such as missed period, tender breasts, and
an upset GI system. You might also experience lower back pain, abdominal pain,
or pelvic pain (think: cramping)—all of which still make it hard to tell if
you’re experiencing an ectopic pregnancy or a typical one. But as the fetus grows, more serious, defining symptoms may
start to develop, such as sudden and severe abdominal or pelvic pain, shoulder
pain, weakness, dizziness, or fainting, per ACOG. If you experience any of
these, you should visit your doc or the ER immediately. Appendicitis This painful scenario happens when one end of the appendix
gets blocked by a foreign object such as poop. Yup, you read that right: poop.
Blockage inside this small, tube-like organ can lead to infection, and in turn,
pain around your belly button that gradually gets sharper and moves towards the
right, lower part of your abdomen, per the NLM. But unlike period-related cramps, the pain from appendicitis
typically comes on *fast* and may be even worse when you cough, sneeze, or even
walk. Other signs that distinguish this pain from that of your period include
fever, nausea, and vomiting—all of which mean you should head to the doctor or
ER as soon as possible for treatment, hopefully before the appendix bursts. Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) Different from IBS, IBD is an umbrella term that encompasses
several conditions, including Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis, that are
characterized by chronic inflammation of the GI tract. While the exact cause is
unknown, IBD is thought to be due to your immune system responding incorrectly
to triggers that cause inflammation, according to the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention (CDC). The cramping and pain associated with IBD differs depending
on the diagnosis. For patients with Crohn’s, it’s typically localized to the
lower, right side of the abdomen. For those with ulcerative colitis, pain may
radiate towards the left. If you’re dealing with IBD, you’ll likely have other GI
systems in addition to cramping, such as chronic diarrhoea (which may be
bloody), weight loss, and excess gas, the Cleveland Clinic says. To diagnose an
inflammatory bowel disease, your doctor will likely refer you to a
gastroenterologist, who may order blood tests, stool samples, and an endoscopic
exam. Lactose intolerance When you cannot digest foods with lactose, the sugar found
in milk and milk products, you’re left with gas, diarrhoea, bloating, and pain.
This sick-to-your-stomach sensation might mimic the cramping and bloating you
feel when you’re on your period, but they should dissipate within a few hours,
per the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. Try keeping a food log to spot patterns regarding when you
feel cramping and what you just ate. This can help pinpoint whether a food intolerance
is to blame. Indigestion Stomach cramps, particularly in your upper belly? Notice it
shortly after (or even during) eating? Indigestion often during or right after
eating, might be to blame. Other symptoms include heat, burning, or pain in between
the belly button and the lower part of the breastbone, an unpleasant sensation
of fullness during or right after a meal, bloating, and nausea, according to
the NLM. Most of the time, indigestion is not a sign of a serious
health problem—although you might want to slow down your eating and avoid lying
down immediately after a big meal. Source: WOMEN24