LIVING in Spain, one of the worst hit countries, due to the coronavirus pandemic as a foreigner is tough and frightening. Defender Thabang Matuka, who plays in the Spanish lower divisions for CD Almunecar City, finds himself in that difficult position. The 30-year-old joined the club in May before this season began and was given a one-year contract. Almunecar coach George Jermy was delighted to capture the former SA Under-20 and U-23 player. The former Maritzburg United and Bloemfontein Celtic left-back said he’s fine in the city of Malaga where the club is based, and he’s following the government’s protocols. “I was tested and the doctor reassured us that people at our age are not at risk of getting an infection,” Matuka said. He is the younger brother of Bafana Bafana head coach Molefi Ntseki’s agent, Thato Matuka. “The doctor said we are healthy, strong and still young. Our bodies can still fight the virus, unlike older people from the age of 70 upwards,” he added. “They are the ones who are at risk because their immune system is weak and they are exposed to other sicknesses.” Spain is the epicentre of the virus in Europe. Last month, the Spanish government declared a state of emergency as the virus had claimed almost 17 000 people. Spain has since extended its lockdown until 25 April. Another player who must be frightened is unknown Mzansi winger Jaisen Clifford, who plays for Portuguese Third Division outfit Condeixa. And due to the Covid-19 virus, the league there has been terminated. But Portugal has not implemented a lockdown unlike South Africa and Spain, but people have been informed to quarantine. “Everyone is more alert and staying at their homes. But we are still allowed to go outside, run and exercise,” said Clifford, who came through the academies of SuperSport United and Bidvest Wits. “With regards to the numbers of deaths, I’m not following that much. I don’t want to spread fear. I believe that God has released a healing for us all.” Clifford might be unknown, but he previously played in Lithuania for FC Stumbras. He helped the club win their first trophy in 2017 along with Kgaogelo Sekgota. Sekgota is back in Mzansi playing for Wits on loan from Portuguese giants Vitoria Setubal.