SUPERSPORT United and Bafana Banana goalkeeper Ronwen Williams cannot wait to wear the captain’s armband. The 28-year-old Port Elizabeth-born short-stopper says the he is relishing the challenge of leading the three-time league champions. He has been with the Tshwane giants since the age of 12 years and he will finally lead the team end the end of the season. Bafana midfielder Dean Furman, who has been with the club for five years, has confirmed that he will leave Matsatsantsa a Pitori at the conclusion of the 2019-20 season. In February, Williams reached a landmark of more than 300 appearances in the topflight. At the time when he reached that milestone, CEO Stan Matthews said that his long-term goalkeeper has been guaranteed a permanent job when after retirement. The modest goalkeeper has been given the option to choose any role that he prefers when he eventually calls it quit on the football pitch. But for the time being, Williams is too excited about being named as the next skipper, who will lead the Kaitano Tembo coached team next season. “It’s a huge honour for me to be appointed as the next captain. This club has been my life for the past 16 years. I just can’t wait for that big moment,” said an overjoyed Williams. He said that he has always known that he will be the leader of Matsatsantsa a Pitori on a full-time basis and his wishes have been granted quicker than he had imagined. He tasted the feeling of wearing the captain’s armband when Matsatsantsa a Pitori were still coached by Cavin Johnson. At the time he was 22 years old and he says that he knew from that moment that one day he will resume the responsibility of leading the team. “I’ve always known that I have leadership qualities and I learned from the likes of Bevan Fransman and Morgan Gould and Thabo September in the past. "It puts pressure on me as all eyes will be on me but it’s not about myself it’s about the club. But it’s a challenge that I’m looking forward to,” said Williams. He is working hard at home to make sure that he does not lose shape while he is home under the lockdown. “I do watch series with my family, but I’m still working out to make sure that I stay in shape. I also help out in cooking a lot,” added Williams.