IN his first interview since his horrific injury where he suffered severe fracture and ligament damage on his right ankle, Thapelo Morena has told SunSport that he can see “progress” in his recovery, and is hoping for the best. His last match for his club Mamelodi Sundowns was against city rivals SuperSport United in their Nedbank Cup Last-16 Tshwane derby, which they won 1-0 at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on 8 February. The diminutive 26-year-old midfielder slipped through the Loftus pitch that saw his right foot stuck in the mud and dislocated his ankle which could be seen flung loose in the air. But Morena said he is hoping for a miraculous recovery and be back in action before the end of the season. The Absa Premiership is on an indefinite break due to Covid-19 that has forced South Africa to be on lockdown for 21 days until 16 April. Morena has, however, admitted that he is not going to put himself under any unnecessary pressure, with his team doctor Carl Tabane and the rest of experts advising him it could take between five to six months to fully recover. He is currently at his Joburg home following training programme set for him to drive his body back into shape after having undergone a successful surgery. “I’m making steady progress,” said the Bafana Bafana star from Randfontein. “I am happy to be back training, even though I am taking it easy like the doctors have advised. It is not easy because I am training on my own due to the lockdown, but at least I am doing something.” Morena’s morning training programme comprises cycling, work on building ankle strength, core, balance, stability of the ankle and cardio. He admitted there is still irritation in his Achilles tendon while training “but that is nothing serious but muscles reacting to being inactive for a while”. He added: “I am getting there. I should be ready in no time. I can feel the difference now. It is every injured player’s dream to be back in action soon – I am no different. “I communicate frequently with my doctors over the phone on my progress and what I am feeling. I have been told that I will be out for six months, and that is what I am expecting. But if I fully recover early, then I will be happy. I refuse to put myself on a tight spot and rush my recovery.” He said with or without him, Sundowns have a strong chance of successfully defending their title. “I have a strong belief and trust in my teammates. We can do this, in fact, we are going to win it,” he said.