SOUTH Africa’s marathon record holder Stephen Mokoka is hoping that his favourite race, the Sanlam Cape Town Marathon, will not be forced to be cancel due to the impact of Covid-19. The Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon, which was due to take place during the Easter holidays, cancelled its annual 10km, 21,1km and 56km races because of the threat posed by the virus. Despite the 42,2km Cape Town race only taking place on 18 October, there are concerns that the race might not take place as it is still unknown if the disease will be under control or not. The organisers of the Cape Town Marathon issued a statement that they will refund runners their money, if they decide to cancel the race. But they remain optimistic that it won’t be the case. Mokoka, who set a record of 2 hours; eight minutes and 31 seconds in the 2018 race, said this race remains his favourite. He bagged R265 000 for winning the race and an additional R100 000 for breaking the record in the Mother City. Like many other athletes who are forced to abandon their training and stay at home to comply with the government’s regulation of the 21-day day lockdown, Mokoka is enjoying his time at home with his family. With the Olympic Games now taking place next year between 26 August to 5 September in Tokyo, Japan, Mokoka is eyeing the Cape Town Marathon as his last event of the year. “I’m happy with the Olympic Games’ new date. It gives me more time to prepare for the Marathon,” said Mokoka, who has already qualified for the biggest global sporting event. He advised fellow runners not to eat and drink too much during the lockdown. He urged them to keep on working hard. “One is forced to eat a lot and drink a lot as they basically have nothing to do. I cook a lot for my wife and have to confess that I tend to eat a lot too,” joked Mokoka. Speaking about his favourite race, Mokoka said he will be sad if the Marathon is cancelled. “If the situation does not improve it’s in the best interest of athletes to cancel the event, but I would be sad if another big race is cancelled,” added Mokoka, who runs in the colours of Boxer Running Club.