KwaZulu-Natal
Premier Sihle Zikalala wants the investigation into how Covid-19 spread so
quickly through Saint Augustine's Hospital in Durban to be measured and
thorough after half of all virus-related deaths in KZN occurred at the
facility. On
Wednesday, Netcare CEO Richard Friedland said 47 staff members have tested
positive for the virus. The
hospital has closed its doors to new patients as a probe into the status of the
remaining patients is continuing. Professor
Salim Karim, a special adviser to the minister of health, would, together with
a team of epidemiology and infectious diseases specialists from the University
of KwaZulu-Natal, investigate the underlying cause and nature of the outbreak
at Saint Augustine's, News24 reported. On
Thursday, Zikalala said: "Regarding the investigation, we hope it will be
expedited. We don't want to rush things and say we will take these [types of]
actions without a proper investigation. Let there be an investigation. Once
that happens, a decision will be taken." He was
addressing a large contingent of media at King Zwelithini Stadium in Umlazi
where he went on a walkabout to distribute hand sanitisers and other products
which was sponsored by big business. Zikalala
warned the KZN government was not taking the matter at the hospital lightly. "We
are going to take major steps. The investigation is already on." Zikalala
said the government was in contact with the hospital's management. "We
have taken a decision to not admit new patients and therefore no one is coming
in. We have taken a view that patients there must be screened and tested. They
must not only be screened, they must be tested." He said all
discharged patients have been tested. "We
will then know the number of people infected. We then quarantine them either
there or in another hospital. The [health] department is working on that." Majority of
deaths in KZN from St Augustine's Five of the
nine Covid-19-related deaths have occurred at the hospital, with Friedland
previously saying 33 of the 47 infected staff members were self-isolating.
Fourteen are being "accommodated" at Netcare's facility "to
ensure they are able to safely self-quarantine". Fifteen
patients tested positive and have been accommodated at the hospital. One of
them has since recovered and tested negative. The
hospital is now in the process of contacting all patients, who have been
treated in its emergency department since 1 March, to determine if they require
testing. The
hospital shut its emergency unit on 2 April after staff members were found to
have contracted the coronavirus. SOURCE:
NEWS24