THE OUTBREAK of Covid 19 has left communities uncertain of the future! Many countries across the world had went on lock down to try and fight the rise in the spread of Covid 19 positive cases and many had advised people to wear masks to protect themselves and those around them. The struggle still remains that masks are limited around the world as its demanded has increased. The Minister of Health in South Africa, Dr Zweli Mkhize, has since made an announcement few days ago that masks are a must have and that people should wear them all the time in public. He added that people must use a triple layer face mask and leave the surgical and other hospital face masks to health officials which includes nurses, doctors and other medical staff. Now this family in hammanskraal were ahead of time. The fashion designer and dressmaker, Jane Moeketsi (50) and his son, Lesedi Moeketsi (30) had already started producing cloth face masks. The two say they started producing such three days before the Health Minister’s announcement. They say they saw this necessary as the supply of face masks was seen to be limited. The duo says they presented their idea to the community and orders for the masks started rolling in and since then they never stopped. Jane Moeketsi told Daily Sun that she saw a need to produce the face masks and appreciates the response by the community of Hammanskraal and beyond. “I am very grateful for the response from people and for God to give us this strength to contribute to the fight against this virus. “It started when I saw an opportunity in producing such with my son and since then we never looked back. “We realised that the facemasks were running shot everywhere and some really expensive to buy,” she said. Jane added that these masks could go beyond the Covid 19 error. “We see these masks as fashionable and can always be matched with an outfit. They are also fashionable because they made out of cultural garment material of all colours and cultures. “What fascinates us a lot is that they can be used multiple times after being washed and they only go for R 20 each,” said JaneLesedi added: “We are happy to produce such after we were given a go-ahead by the Minister of Heath. But we had already started working on them three days before the Minister could announce that they must be worn.”