A 3.8bn GIFT! SOME people have to hassle hard for wealth while to others, it comes in the form of a gift. LATE LAST YEAR, one of China’s richest families gave their 24-year-old son a $3.8 billion (Dh13.9bn) gift, turning him into a billionaire overnight. The founder of Sino Biopharmaceutical and his wife transferred about a fifth of the c ompany’s share capital to their son Eric Tse. The grant of 2.7 billion shares, detailed in a Hong Kong exchange filing at around that time, added to a tsunami of Asian wealth that’s being passed down to the next generation. In 2018, four Chinese tycoons placed more than $17bn into family trusts, while many of Hong Kong’s biggest developers are engaged in succession planning. One major advantage is that Hong Kong has no tax on gifts or inherited wealth. The son of Tse Ping and Cheng Cheung Ling, Eric Tse was born in Seattle, attended primary school in Beijing and secondary school in Hong Kong, then graduated with a finance degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He established the China Summit Foundation, a charitable organisation that supports education and cultural initiatives, and was a Schwarzman Scholar at Beijing’s Tsinghua University. Eric is also active on Instagram, where he shares photographs of himself parasailing and partying with the pop star Rihanna. Other selfie-mates include model Bella Hadid, basketball star Yao Ming and Monaco’s Princess Charlene. His most recent post is from Beijing, where he attended the 70th anniversary of the People’s Republic of China. He made clear though that he’ll try to keep a low profile and “will endeavour not to participate” in efforts by news organisations to include him individually on global wealth rankings, and would recommend instead that the fortune be ascribed to “the Tse Ping family,” according to a statement. Outside of his parents, that includes older sister Theresa. The combined value of Sino Biopharmaceutical shares held by the four is about $8.5bn, Bloomberg calculations show. Sino Biopharmaceutical also named Eric an executive director and member of the company’s executive board committee, effective the same day. His compensation is set at HK$3.9 million (Dh1.83m) a year, plus discretionary bonuses.