The Jaguar I-PACE EV400 AWD SE is the winner of the 2020 AutoTrader South African Car
of the Year. This is the first time that the competition has been won by a Jaguar and
also the first win by an electric car. The accolade is the latest in a long line of victories for the
all-electric I-PACE. It won the 2019 World Car of the Year, World Car Design of
the Year and World Green Car awards (the I-PACE was the first model ever to win
three World Car titles in the 15-year history of the awards). It also claimed the European Car of Year title last year. The Mercedes-Benz GLE400d 4Matic was placed second while the Toyota GR
Supra 3.0T came third. The win by a Jaguar and an electric car were two firsts for the contest,
which is organised by the South African Guild of Motoring Journalists. Given the lockdown, the winner of the 2020 AutoTrader South African Car
of the Year was announced during a virtual awards ceremony that was streamed
live - this was another first for the AutoTrader South African Car of the Year. There are a number of category winners in the 2020 AutoTrader South
African Car of the Year, and these winners were announced as well. The winner in the Urban Category was the Hyundai Atos 1.1 Motion. This
category covers compact budget-friendly passenger vehicles that are ideal for
in-town driving. Buyers of these cars typically rate practicality over luxury
and performance. The next category - Family - is especially popular. It consists of
mid-size sedans. Buyers of these vehicles expect quality, practicality and
comfort -with an element of advanced handling dynamics thrown into the equation.
The winner in this category was the Toyota Corolla Hatch 1.2T XR CVT. The third category - Leisure - was won by the Volkswagen T-Cross 1.0 TSI
Comfortline 85kW DSG. This category covers sports utility vehicles (SUVs) and
multi-purpose vehicles (MPVs). Owners of these SUVs and MPVs enjoy the freedom
of driving both on and off-road. This - combined a high seating position and flexible cargo space - makes
this a popular category amongst the buying public. The Lifestyle Utility Vehicles Category was won by the Ford Ranger
Raptor. These vehicles typically offer supreme 4x4 ability and can be either an
SUV or a single or double-cab bakkie. The highly contested Premium Car Category was won by the overall winner,
namely the Jaguar I-PACE EV400 AWD SE. Buyers of these prestigious mid to large vehicles want powerful engines,
luxury features and high-end trim options. The Premium SUV Category caters for vehicles that offer a combination of
versatility, comfort, style and performance both on- and off the road. Boasting
genuine 4x4 ability without low range, these vehicles are luxurious, spacious
and refined. This category was won by the Mercedes-Benz GLE400d 4Matic. The final category - sport/performance - was won by the Toyota GR Supra
3.0T. Whether it's a sportier flagship of an existing passenger range or a pure
stand-alone model, vehicles in this category have one common trait: superior
performance. Accordingly, thoroughbred sports cars are included in this
category.  The South African Car of the Year trophy, which has been awarded since
1986, is the country's most highly respected and sought-after motoring
accolade. While the competition has evolved over the years (categories were
only introduced recently), one thing has remained true to the contest; it celebrates
and rewards automotive excellence. Both the category and overall winners are
considered to be benchmarks within their categories. The 2020 competition was
no exception, with many of the winners having already achieved international
acclaim.