REJUVENATED Maritzburg United midfielder Keagan Buchanan is at a loss of words to explain why things didn’t click when he was at Kaizer Chiefs. Buchanan is enjoying a new lease of life at Maritzburg this season. He is in a good space and has been a key factor in the side’s good fortunes in the Absa Premiership. Buchanan’s well-weighted passes have been a huge plus factor to Maritzburg’s resurgent form, and soccer followers are asking why he didn’t display such performances when he was at Naturena. Buchanan credits his new-found form to Team of Choice coach Eric Tinkler and said Maritzburg are a good environment to play in. He said this season has been the happiest in his career and has described this campaign as one of his best. “I think at the time when I was there (Chiefs), the way the team was playing, their strength, my strength, were different,” said Buchanan. “At the time with coach Steve Komphela, my style maybe did not suit what he wanted. As a player, you need to respect that. I get 53 tweets a day, all of them asking: ‘why didn’t I do this at Chiefs?’ “Obviously I don’t respond, because situations are different and coaches want different things. “I can never say if coach Eric Tinkler was at Chiefs three years ago I’d been in this form, but that’s football.” Chiefs showed confidence in Buchanan when he joined from Bloemfontein Celtic in 2016. He was handed a long-term deal. On top of that, Chiefs gave him the much sought after no 10 jersey. But when Buchanan joined Chiefs, he was carrying a bad knee injury that kept him out for a long spell. The knee required surgery. When he eventually recovered, Komphela had found a system without Buchanan, making it difficult for the midfielder to break into the side. Chiefs then terminated his contract at the end of the 2017-18 season, as he featured in only 10 matches in two seasons. He joined Maritzburg at the beginning of the 2018-19 season. But after a few months, disaster struck again. Buchanan picked up another knee injury and was ruled out for the rest of the season. He worked hard during the off-season and has now played 18 leagues matches in this suspended term due to the coronavirus pandemic. Buchanan, who has had three surgeries to his knee, added: “The most important thing for me is to finish this season injury free, that would make me happy.”