Sun Landers have shared their views about the unique star that continues to shine at night during this period of lockdown. To some this a sign that God is trying to communicate with Mzansi while others think it symbolises God’s anger towards the nation which is faced by Covid-19. Speaking to Daily Sun, Prophet Floyd Mbazima and his wife prophetess Lorraine Mbazima from Miracle Centre in Thulamahashe, said the star clearly indicates that the year 2020 is a unique one with its difficulties. They said since the world is faced with the deadly virus, the star is a sign that people should pray hard so that a solution can come up from mount Zion. “If people pray, the solution to this virus will come and many other challenges will fade away.  The day the star stops appearing, it will mean God has answered our prayers,” they said. Archbishop Daniel Mashele of The New Apostolic Assembly in Zion in Julie's burg outside Tzaneen, Limpopo said: "The star is a revelation that people have sinned before God. We have disobeyed his ten commandments and now the world is a mess.” Traditional Healer Dr Annuary Ndlovu said: "People should not panic. There's nothing wrong with the strange star. It could be a sign of something good coming for us soon.”  Another SunLander, Jane Shilubane from Islington said she believes the unique star brings a fortune during this lockdown while Lucky Mathebula from Violet bank said maybe the star was sent by God to save the world from getting killed by Corona virus. But Professor Thebe Medupe, astronomical observatory in the department of physics at North West University said:" You just saw a spectacularly bright planet called Venus. Venus is closer to the Sun than the earth. On its orbit around the sun, Venus can get very close to the earth. Right now, Venus is extremely bright because it is very near the earth.” He said usually Venus is the brightest star and is always seen not far from the sun. “So, you are likely to see Venus as evening or morning star. As an evening star, Batswana called it Kopadilalelo, as a morning star, they called it Kgogamasigo. If you use binoculars to look at Venus this evening. It will appear like a crescent moon. Venus changes shape in a manner like our moon, crescent, half, quarter and so forth."