IT HAS been four months since Safa announced a strategy to turn its finances around. And to date, it appears all is going according to plan as the association has so far concluded a deal with two major sponsors, key to their financial recovery plan. According to Safa CEO Gay Mokoena, the association has signed a contract with SAB as well as the French apparel company Le-CoqSpotif to provide kits for national teams. Mokoena would not be drawn on the figures, but the sponsorship is understood to be in the region of R20 million, which is less than what SAB provided for the last deal. The drop could be attributed to Bafana Bafana’s declining brand equity. The new deal, however, does not include the fourth tier SAB League. “We have renewed our sponsorship with SAB in February. But we will talk about the details after the national shutdown,” said Mokoena. “Remember, we closed around 15 March and there isn’t much do to in terms of negotiations during the lockdown period.” Safa announced a recovery plan in December, following the signing of a new four-year contract with the SABC, which is seen as a catalyst to attracting other sponsors. They are due to announce Le-CoqSpotif as the replacement for Nike. But there is still no progress on the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality, who have been earmarked for a long-term partnership to host the Nelson Mandela Challenge matches, as well as sponsorship for the women’s amateur league. “We have agreed in principle with the municipality, ” Mokoena explained. Meanwhile, Banyana Banyana have a year left on their current deal with Sasol and it remains unclear whether the oil company will renew their sponsorship. It has been a challenge to run the women’s league without financial injection. The cash-strapped football association announced in December their austerity measures were bearing fruit after they managed to trim their expenditure by R80 million. They have signed an improved deal with Caf for Bafana’s 2022 and 2024 Fifa World Cup qualifiers, and were also still negotiating their satellite TV rights with pay-channel SuperSport.