 RESIDENTS of Vanderbijlpark in the Vaal south of Joburg,
came out in numbers when they saw men and women in blue, in their vicinity. This was an unusual sight in their kasi, as health officials
stormed in the early morning to bring testing services for COVID19, closer to
their doorsteps. Erecting gazebos as different testing stations, going door
to door and issuing out pamphlets as a way of raising awareness, these are some
of the activities which took place in the area. The visit was not the first to happen in their neighbouring
kasis as the entourage started their visibility in the Sedibeng District. On Monday many gogos and madalas didn’t want to miss the
opportunity of checking if they are positive for the coronavirus. According to residents, they always wanted to know where
they could get tested, however the thought of coughing over one thousand rands
for a test, demoralised them. The SunTeam interviewed many elders of the society who came
out in their masks to queue for their first test of the virus. Zinzile Khoza, a 64-year-old gogo said they appreciate the
care from the Sedibeng District Health Department to install testing stations
in their kasi. “We are warry of this virus, but we keep wondering if these
things we hear about testing stations only happen in kasis close to Joburg. At
least now, we can tell our other neighbours that they can also get checked. It
makes no sense that we lock ourselves indoors, while we don’t know if we were
positive on the virus or not,” she said.  Speaking to Daily Sun, Vusi Mbelu, Acting Director in Clinic
Services in the Sedibeng Health Department said their mission is to curb the
virus by bringing testing stations closer to the people. “We rolled out the mission in trying to curb COVID 19 across
the country. We have set up testing sites because people always asked where
they test when they want to know if they have coronavirus or not. So, we are
making these services available closer to the people,” he said. The scores of medical officials have been to two kasis in
the Vaal since Friday.  “This is our second location, we have been to Bophelong last
week and we have reached a substantial amount of communities. We are doing door
to door campaign. The lockdown means everyone needs to be at home, we shouldn’t
be expecting people to come to our sites, we should go to them and offer our
services,” he added.