YOU snooze you lose! Athletes who failed to meet Monday’s deadline to apply for the government’s relief fund will miss out! The Department of Sport announced the R150 million relief fund to assist athletes who were confirmed to participate at events that have now been cancelled or postponed due to Covid-19, and whose income is generated solely through specific sporting events. The applications were due to be submitted by midnight on Monday. In a statement, the department said applications have closed and they would not extend the deadline. The SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) and the Democratic Alliance were among those requesting an extension. In the statement, the department said it was not in a position to extend the deadline further, due to the urgency of the situation. “This means that submissions have to be assessed and adjudicated‚” reads the statement. “Those approved need to be processed and funds need to be disbursed to approved applicants to ensure they receive the relevant funds to survive the next three months. “Applicants whose projects are approved need to receive their funds to ensure all projects are completed by end of June 2020. “In order to fulfil these tasks and ensure the fund is effective and fully utilised by the end of June‚ it is necessary to maintain the published deadline. “The department will not accept any submissions after this deadline. Extending the deadline to 17 April (as requested by the DA) would seriously compromise this process as well as the timelines required for implementation.” “We have received requests to lobby the department to extend the due date and we have done that,” said Sascoc acting CEO RaviGovender. “The department is responsible for this, as Sascoc we have ensured that our national federations are well informed about the dates. “The requirements from the department compels the federations to drive this process, in fact they need to sign off the applications. We are not administering the fund nor control the deadline.” However, the sports administrator did not reveal which national federations required more time and why. “The adjudication process is very tedious and the department wants to ensure it gets through this process without delay so that payment can be urgently made to the athletes,” he said. More than 3 500 applications have been submitted.