THERE’S no doubt that over the years South Africa have had gems in the Under-17, U-20 and U-23 teams, shining at various World Cup tournaments and Olympic Games. Some of them were expected to carry Mzansi football, go all the way and play in the world’s top leagues. But along with the hype, comes massive pressure, and while some footballers embrace the attention, others fade away. Some careers took a nosedive due to long-term injuries. Also, ill-considered transfers moves have undone many great prospects dirty. Here are some of themuch-talked-about youngsters who failed to reach their expected potential when they made their breakthrough. Tebogo Moerane (2016 Olympian) In the 2014/15 Absa Premiership season, young Moerane (19 at the time) bulldozed his way into Bidvest Wits line-up. Moerane benched the likes of Onismor Bhasera in the Witswing-back position. His displays were impressive enough to convince Owen Da Gama not to leave him behind when going to the 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil. But his career plummeted, as he is currently clubless. Tashreeq Morris (2016 Olympian) At the Ajax Cape Town development structures, Morris was converted from a defender to a striker. In his first season in the PSL at age 21 in 2015, Morris made 29 appearances and scored nine goals in all competitions. He was also named the Nedbank Cup Young Player of the Tournament that season. His progress has been derailed by injuries. The Capetonian was also part of the 2016 Olympic team. He is currently with Cape Town City, and recently recovered from a long-term injury. Emmanuel Letlotlo: He made his name in the Kaizer Chiefs MultiChoice Diski Challenge in 2015. He was promoted to the first team but didn’t give us anything. Last year in July, he was released by Amakhosi and has been struggling to get a team since then. Sibongakonke Mbatha The 22-year-old former Bidvest Wits and Platinum Stars player has not reached his pick, despite showing a lot of talent when representing SA at all junior levels. Mbatha has been to two junior Fifa World Cup with SA Under-17 and Un-20. His loan move to India in 2018, where he played for Atletico de Kolkata, didn’t bear any fruits. He is currently in the NFD, playing for TS Sporting. Mzansi’s respected junior coach who worked with him, Thabo Senong, believes the lad will still shine – and it’s just a matter of time. Fagrie Lakay He made his breakthrough with Santos a couple of season ago. He played for the Under-20 and Bafana Bafana. But he has not lived up to expectations, as he’s injury-prone. He is currently with Cape Town City. Tlotlo Lepile With the likes of Pule Maraisane, he was part of coach Shakes Mashaba’s Under-20 squad back in 2014. But they didn’t reach stardom despite the potential they showed at that level. They were in that squad with Motjeka Madisha and Aubrey Modiba who are Bafana stars now. Lepile said his failed move to Sweden in 2016 crushed him. Nelson Maluleke and Notha Ngcobo: They were ahead of their time in the Under-20 team, showed great potential but never made it to the top flight.