ATHLETICS South Africa's (ASA) president Aleck Skhosana, Farrell Moses, Cecilia Molokwane and Jerry Segwaba are now free to contest the deferred SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) elections. According a statement from ASA, the ruling was released on Monday. The arbitrator Nazeer Cassim SC released his findings in which he ruled that Skhosana’s nomination was valid and he is eligible to contest for a position as a Board member of SASCOC for the next Olympic four-year cycle. Cassim based his ruling in particular on clause 12.2 read together with clause 12.12 of SASCOC’s Constitution. Moses, Molokwane and Segwaba, who had also challenged Sascoc decision’s Independent Nominations Committee (INC) which had ruled their nominations as ineligible, were also ruled as qualifying and eligible to stand same for the election.  The INC was made of Xoliswa Sibeko, Advocate Jason Mitchel and Samkelo Radebe. "For ASA this is the second successful arbitration award against Sascoc after Skhosana had been unceremoniously expelled from the Board in 2017 and had to be re-instated after Sascoc was challenged for a hasty and unconstitutional decision in removing him," ASA said in a statement. With the disputes relating to eligibility to contest elections to the Sascoc board now having been resolved, ASA looks forward to more stability at Sascoc. "ASA trusts that Skhosana, who is currently Sascoc's acting president, will be allowed to demonstrate his leadership capabilities, as he has done with ASA... and bring much needed unity to that organization," ASA said. "... especially in the face of certain members calling for a SGM to remove the current board, so that harmonious elections can be held at the earliest convenient time. ASA calls on all federations to support the current Sascoc board pending the elections as this ruling will now allow the Council to decide who should lead it by popular vote." ASA challenged the NIC decision and subsequent related pronouncement in order to correct an obvious oversight on its part in not properly vetting Skhosana and reminds Sascoc about corporate governance principles "which should trigger the Olympic body to refocus on its core functions". "We believe the Board must now be permitted to focus its attention to the daily business of Sascoc which is to support athletes in the Operational Excellence Programme," the statement read.  