 THE EDUCATION Department has come in for some serious criticism for proposing that kids should go back to school next week. Sadtu, Cosas and the portfolio committee on basic education agree that schools are not ready. SENDING THE KIDS BACK TO SCHOOL NOW IS PREMATURE AND DANGEROUS, THEY ALL SAY! Members of the committee tore into the basic education department’s proposal for pupils to go back to class next week. The teacher’s union rejected the plan, saying this wasn’t what it had agreed to during consultations and accused the department of negotiating in bad faith. Cosas said the plan was premature. Director-general Mathanzima Mweli, in a televised presentation to the committee, said the basic education department was ready for grade 7 to 12 pupils to go back to school under strict guidelines. These included pupils and teachers being screened and wearing face masks, daily hand sanitation of pupils going into classes, and sanitising classrooms. The department was working with the water and sanitation department, as well as Rand Water, to ensure there was water in schools so pupils could wash their hands, as prescribed by international guidelines. His department would work with the health department and national Treasury to ensure protective gear, face masks and soap were bought. He said these and other essentials had already been bought for provinces. More than 3 000 schools required water supply, and over 7 000 water tanks had been delivered. “Each pupil will get two cloth masks for quintile 1 to 4 schools, but we’ll be providing for quintile 1 to 3. Teachers will also receive masks “Anyone showing symptoms or having a temperature will be isolated and sent for testing.” Mweli agreed there was an overcrowding problem, but the department had secured mobile classrooms to ensure guidelines were followed. He said classes won’t exceed 40 pupils, and only two pupils would share a table. Mweli proposed that school holidays be reduced and winter exams moved to September. He said restrictions would vary between provinces and between metros, and they’d work closely with NGOs in making sure regulations were followed. But opposition MPs punched holes in the plan, questioning the sharing of a desk by two pupils and asking who was going to do daily screening of pupils as teachers weren’t trained to do this. Of particular concern was the overcrowding in township schools, with one MP suggesting the department should make pupils attend classes in shifts. Cosas said transportation, among other things, would be a problem. “If the department of basic education is serious about the safety of teachers and learners, all learners and teachers must be screened for 14 days before the opening,” it said. “Cosas acknowledges that schools must reopen, but a proper plan must be put in place.” The student movement said transport remained a problem as taxis may only carry a reduced number of passengers, and buying of protective gear and masks from other countries could pose a risk to pupils and teachers. It called for proper measures to be put in place to deal with overcrowding before the reopening but didn’t offer a solution. Sadtu spokeswoman, Nomusa Cembi, said members were not ready to go back to class, and the plan presented by Mweli didn’t reflect discussions the union had with the department.