AJAX Cape Town veteran striker Eleazar Rodgers has vowed that come rain or shine, the Urban Warriors will be back in the Absa Premiership next season. Ajax are leading the GladAfrica Championship with 44 points from 24 matches, which is seven more than second placed Swallows FC with six rounds of matches to complete the season. And the well travelled striker believes Ajax will continue where they left off before the outbreak of coronavirus forced the suspension of the Premiership and Championship, as well as the majority of leagues worldwide. “We (Ajax team) set ourselves the target to win the Championship at the beginning of the year, and nothing will change our goal,” said the 35-year-old. “We are now seven points clear with six games to go. It shows that we have been working hard since the beginning of the season and we aim to continue with that form to win promotion.” But the Capetonian has also warned his teammates not to rest on their laurels and think they have already made it. “We cannot afford to relax. We have to be disciplined,” he said. Rodgers’ experience has been key to Ajax’s form this season. The former Mamelodi Sundowns player has scored seven goals. “I am doing great at Ajax and I really enjoying playing football here since I signed with them at the beginning of the season,” said Rodgers. “The season has been good and I am glad that so far I could contribute to the team with good form and goals.” Rodgers, who has played professional football for 14 years, told SunSport that he is not thinking about retiring. Rodgers made his debut in the PSL in 2006 with Santos. Since then he has played for Platinum Stars, Free State Stars, Bidvest Wits and Downs. This is also Rodgers second stint with the Urban Warriors. He first played for Ajax in the 2013-14 season on loan from Downs. “I feel that I still have a lot to give in football,” he explained. “Yes, I can still play at the top level for many years to come. There is no secret as to what keeps me going. It’s just about making the correct choices in life, on and off the field. It also goes hand in hand with discipline and looking after yourself and keeping fit.” He added: “You should also be humble and continue practicing self control. You can enjoy life but not to the point where you lose yourself.” On Covid-19 Rodgers said: “We miss the fans a lot but let’s do what we have to do during this time to be safe. We will overcome this time of lockdown and we will see them all when the season kicks off again.”