LAW enforcement continues to maintain a heavy presence on the roads. In Joburg taxi passengers found themselves stranded after taxis were taken off the road for failing to follow Covid-19 travel regulations. Some senior officials such as Chief of Police in the JMPD David Tembe and Chairman of the Road Traffic Management Corporation board, Zola Majavu, were among  law enforcers deployed around different kasis. Speaking to Daily Sun at Freedom Park and Eldorado Park intersection Majavu said " while we are out here to enforce the law, we are also going to educate people about the seriousness of the virus and why people must respect the law placed due to this pandemic. Some people are generally ignorant on such matters, and we also came out to make sure that our cops are not heavy handed," he said. Majavu said some taxi drivers are gambling with the lives of passengers in the name of money. " There are about four ladies who are heavily pregnant and they were packed in a taxi filled to capacity. We also had a lady who was discharged from the hospital after undergoing an operation. It's sad to see such in this time of the virus," he added. Asked what will happened to those who break the law, Majavu said they will be brought to book. "Those who break the law will be dealt with decisively and will face the law. If people don't  want to listen, we throw the book at them," said Majavu. Tembe said whilst blowers have reported matters were people just continued with their lives and they had to respond to those claims. We were informed that car washes and parties continue to happen, hence we came out in our numbers to make sure we enforce the law. "These taxis who were stopped, we already operating before four o'clock and most them were full. These drivers didn't comply to the 70% expected from them," he said. Dozens of taxi drivers were arrested at the scene and were taken to local cop shops for not having permits and filling taxis to capacity."We arrests the taxi drivers who dont comply with the rules and regulations and their bosses will have to come forward to pay the find," he said.