HE MIGHT be jobless at the moment, but four-time league winning coach Gordon Igesund says he has not lost touch. The former Bafana Bafana coach has now dedicated his time on growing his football academy in Cape Town. However, despite the academy keeping him on his toes, the well-travelled coach said his appetite to coach in the PSL has not died, just yet. He has availed himself for any club that might be interested in him. The 63-year-old’s last coaching job was a disaster at Highlands Park, where he lasted seven months from October 2016 to April 2017, and relegated the club to the lower division. “People think I have retired, but I haven’t,” said Igesund. “I have been working hard on my academy for the past 18 months. We’ve got 300 boys whom we feed 200 meals a month. We are schooling them. It is a proper, proper academy and it is what I’m doing. But at the same time, I have been keeping myself abreast of what is happening in the PSL, and also new coaching methods in the world. We’ll see if something comes up. But my academy is up and running now.” Despite focusing on the grass root level, the Durban-born coach is the only mentor to have earned a rare feat in the PSL era. He is the only coach to have won a league four times with four different clubs. He first made his name when he led unfashionable coastal team and now defunct Manning Rangers to the podium in 1996-97. He followed that up with another league title with Orlando Pirates in 2000-01 season. Earlier in that season, Pirates won the BP Top 8 when they defeated Ajax Cape Town 2-1. The Soweto giants almost claimed a treble, but they lost the Rothmans Cup 4-1 to the same Ajax. A third league title followed with Santos for Igesund in 2001-02, as the People’s Team finished four points ahead of SuperSport United. He added a fourth league title with Mamelodi Sundowns in 2006-07 season. The following season, Sundowns won to the SAA Supa 8 when they defeated Pirates in Durban. He came close to adding a fifth league title with Moroka Swallows in 2011-12 season, but they were pipped on the last day by Pirates. After the game, Igesund was left in tears. His last trophy in the PSL was the Telkom Knockout with SuperSport in 2014-15 season. “My academy has been huge, huge investments. We do all the testing of players, high performance centre,” Igesund added. “But we’ll see what happens if something comes up in the PSL.”