KAIZER Chiefs on-loan midfielder Kabelo Mahlasela is dealing with a career dilemma unsure of whether he would still be with Polokwane City in Limpopo, or back in Naturena next season. The 29-year-old joined Baroka FC during the January transfer window period on a five-monthloan spell as he had been struggling for game time at Amakhosi under head coach Ernst Middendorp. Mahlasela, who signed with the Soweto giants in 2018 from Bloemfontein Celtic, is worried because his contract with Chiefs expires in June. And by the look of things, Chiefs are unlikely to renew the Sebokeng-born player’s contract with the German-born coach at the helm. “To be honest, I am enjoying my time at Polokwane City,” said Mahlasela. “You know, I have not been playing football for a while and now it feels good to play again. I am pleased with my contribution to the team. “As for my future, I don’t want to talk about that, as my focus is to work hard and enjoy playing football – only God knows. Let’s wait and see what will happen when the season ends.” Asked if he would like to stay longer at Rise and Shine, the experienced former Orlando Pirates player said: “I know coach Clinton Larsen well and we worked together at Celtic (Bloemfontein). I enjoy working under him. His management style at City has been great for me. But as for the future, I don’t want to think about it. Like I said, only God knows.” Mahlasela remains optimistic City will not be relegated. “We are very aware of the dangers in our position. It is only us who can help the team move away from that danger zone. “We are going to push hard and ensure this club is in the top flight next season. We have a good team capable of moving this team from the danger zone. It won’t be easy but we have to do everything humanly possible to avoid relegation.” City are 14th on the log with 23 points, equal to second-from- bottom club AmaZulu, as well as 13th-placed Baroka FC, which poses a lot of danger for them when the season resumes. But Larsen’s lads are only three points ahead of bottom side Black Leopards, with only six matches remaining to end the season. Mahlasela also appealed to South Africans to comply with the orders from President Cyril Ramaphosa over the nationwide lockdown because of the deadly coronavirus. “It’s not nice to just sit at home doing nothing,” he said. “I am back playing again and having a good time, now Coronavirus came and spoilt it all for me, when matches were suspended. But there is nothing we can do about it but protect ourselves from this virus. So we should stay indoors and wash our hands at all the time.”