UNIVERSITY  of Johannesburg (UJ) students are not happy to be taking online lessons saying it's a system meant for rich kids. They created a hash tag #BOYCOTTONLINELEARNINGUJ. This after both UJ and Wits announced that the newly formed lessons will take place from today due to unforseen circumstances caused by the COVID-19 lockdown. The president announced that the lockdown will end  at the end of April, but could still be extended further if deemed necessary. Students complained about the lack of laptops, data affordability and network problems for students in rural areas. "What about students who are at rural areas?? This online teaching must benefit everyone not all of us are able to go online because we are back at home in rural areas where there is no network," said Mafaku on the university's social media page. Junior Tapiwanashe said:"This shows how inequality is prevalent in this country, your decision sustains those who are wealthy and afford WiFi, laptops etc to be able to learn off campus , yet most of your students come from less privileged backgrounds and are supported by bursary that cover parts of their fees. He said this decision is undemocratic , selfish and inconsiderate. "rather use the money people paid for their fees to buy data and gadgets for them and cut salaries for lecturers who ain’t working," he added. Lau Motloung a postgraduate student said:"I find this very sad and grounded on economic benefits. I am a postgraduate, fully paid for my academic year, I can't access library for required books to conduct my research. I can access articles but the network is very horrible at the rural. Not to mention that I won't get classes online because I was communicating with my supervisor face-to-face," said Lau. She explained that it is only fair to work hand in hand with the president, if there is a need for extension for the academic year let it be. " This online learning won't work for all of us. Unfortunately come next year we will have to pay again. We are all frustrated by the lock down, can we at least be given considerate interventions," she said. In response to this, Dr Nolitha Vukuza from UJ said it understands that devices, data and connectivity were important for successful online learning. UJ management said  they were exploring possibilities of assisting NSFAS and missing middle students with acquiring data and devices."UJ continues to work closely with telecommunication service providers to zero rate UJ websites to ensure students can continue learning." On other other hand, Wits said it was aware that between 10% and 15% of their students don't have access to appropriate computing devices, adequate access to data or conducive learning environments. "Wits has established a Mobile Computing Bank which will enable qualifying students who do not have access to appropriate mobile learning devices to loan basic devices from the Bank. "These basic computing devices will be suitable for educational purposes and will be pre-loaded with the required learning resources before being delivered via the South African Post Office to students who absolutely need them." 