MZANSI has recorded two more deaths of the corona virus as more cases grow.Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize has said that two more people have died from coronavirus - one 68-year-old man from the Western Cape and one 57-year-old man from Gauteng - bringing the death toll to 27. The number of positive cases jumped by 99 cases to 2 272. He said the government has conducted 438 850 tests, and 4 537 people were referred for further care. There are 10 654 “tracers” deployed in the field - people who are tracking down those who have unknowingly come into contact with people positive with Covid-19. They have tracked down 4 537 people so far, Mkhize said. The coming week is "critical" for the government’s Covid-19 fight, because the number of positive cases that are found during intensive testing will guide the government's next move. The government is looking at “stopping the small flames” to avoid having a large, uncontrollable fire in relation to the Covid-19 pandemic, but the country, at least in the initial phases of the outbreak, is bucking international outbreak trends. Interventions could include encouraging the elderly into a self-isolation until as late as September, to ensure those vulnerable stay away from the virus. The lockdown could be relaxed or continued to be enforced depending on how the disease is spreading in the coming weeks, and the government is especially looking at how many people are being infected by those already carrying the virus. Professor Salim Abdool Karim, an epidemiologist and infectious diseases specialist who is working as an advisor for the government, delivered a presentation about the spread of the coronavirus in the country. In a wide-ranging and detailed presentation, Karim said the coronavirus grows very rapidly, and for which patients experience symptoms at a rapid rate. He said the lockdown being introduced - on 26 March - was shown to slow down the number of infections. He was speaking at a virtual meeting from Durban along with Health Minister Zweli Mkhize and was joined by members of the media, healthcare experts, clinicians, scientists and academics. He said the infection had shown to be increasing, in keeping with global trends, but that changed once the lockdown was introduced. But there is something different with the course of the infection in South Africa. Karim contrasted the progress of Covid-19 in SA with other countries like the UK and China, and said the data showed that South Africa’s epidemic trajectory was unique. On the day of the lockdown, the cases plateaued, Karim said. “Our epidemic has a completely unique trajectory,” he said. He said there were three possible reasons: the first could be that South Africa is testing less, or that tests were mainly being done in the private sector as opposed to public - and we were therefore not getting a sense of what is happening in poorer areas, or the reduction could be “genuine”. Karim’s presentation showed that it could not be the first possibility, since South Africa had dramatically increased the number of testing since the outbreak began. Regarding testing poorer communities, he said National Health Laboratory Service (NHLS) “sharply increased” its testing in the “townships and the communities”. “So it’s unlikely due to not enough testing and it’s unlikely because we’re not testing poorer areas,” he said, adding that it is likely a genuine bucking of the trend. Karim said the Covid-19 outbreak in SA came in three waves. The first wave was from people who travelled overseas, acquired the virus, and brought it back. This is coming to an end, however, since the closure of international travel. The second wave were those who came into contact with people who travelled overseas. The expectation was that these two groups would spread the virus widely inside the country, but that didn’t happen. Instead, what happened was that the cases of the travellers and their contacts did not spread. The third wave is local transmissions - those infections from people inside the country. Karim explained that the epidemic needs to be introduced into the country by travellers (apart from the China, where it began). But in South Africa, once the travellers arrived, they were cared for properly by doctors and suitably quarantined. He said the third wave - internal transmissions - were just not happening in South Africa as it was in other countries. Karim said the “reproductive rate” of the infection - that is, how many people is the infected person infecting - is leading to about one new infection. That could be the reason for the slower spread in South Africa. “That is why we instituted interventions that led to a situation where people weren’t interacting with others. Each infected person becomes a dead-end. We’re not seeing the growth in the disease.” Karim said, however, the government was concerned about Cape Town, Johannesburg and Durban, which have big populations, and where a big outbreak could happen. Karim warned, however, that once we end the lockdown - whenever that may be - then the public would be at risk because there is no immunity. He said South Africa likely cannot escape an exponential spread of the virus. “Our population will be at high risk after the lockdown. We cannot escape this epidemic, not unless South Africa has… some mojo that protects us that is not present anywhere else in the world.” Karim explained that the difficulty with Covid-19 is, when someone contracts the virus, they become infectious after 4-7 days, which is even before they display symptoms. He said the lockdown has bought us time, and we now have time to flatten the curve. “It has given us time to (hopefully) find new ways to test, or get a vaccine or treatment,” he said. “If 10 000 people have the virus, within a few days it will be 30 000, then 90 000… this virus can spread exponentially.”Karim said South Africa has four stages of Covid-19 response. The first was preparation, which was educating the public and creating lab capacity. Stage two was encouraging social distancing and instituting a shutdown. Stage three was intensifying the curtailment of human interaction, and the fourth stage was door-to-door testing. Going forward, stage five is to identify hotspots and intervention strategies. Stage six is medical care, like expanding hospital bed numbers and field hospitals. Stage seven is expanding the burial capacity and regulating funerals, and managing psychological and social impact. Stage eight is the ongoing vigilance of the virus. The medical care stage is a critical one, Karim said, adding that people who are living with HIV and TB may be more vulnerable. He added that we may even have an annual Covid-19 season, in the same way we have an annual flu and cold season. He said there may be a partial lockdown until September for the elderly, and also those with serious respiratory problems, and maybe encourage them with self-isolation. Karim added that there will be ongoing house-to-house testing, health worker surveillance and surveillance of schools, prisons, mines and big companies in the coming months.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/coronavirus-all-the-latest-news-about-covid-19-in-south-africa-and-the-world-20200312 