THE Minister of Agriculture, Land Reform and Rural Development, Thoko Didiza, has announced the department’s interventions to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19. She was briefing the media in Tshwane . She said her Department has ring-fenced R1.2 billion for assistance to mainly target financially distressed small-scale farmers. "Of the R1.2 billion,  R400 million has been allocated for farmers within the Proactive Land Acquisition Strategy (PLAS) programme and the remainder will be channelled towards all other farmers that are mainly within the following commodity sectors such as poultry, Day old chicks, Point of lay chickens, feed, medication and sawdust," she said. She said other commodity sectors are the livestock, feed and medication, vegetables seedlings, fertilizer, pesticides, herbicides and soil correction. She said other commodity sectors will be evaluated on a case by case basis as the Department continuously monitors the impact of COVID-19 on the sector at large. Didiza said qualifying criteria for farmers are the South African citizens who have been actively farming for a minimum of 12 months and currently in the production season or cycle. She said they must be registered on the farmer register, commodity database or provincial database. "Those who are not on the Farmer Register will be registered to benefit. “Communal farmers, Smallholder farmers with annual turnover between R 50 000 and R 1 million also qualify," she said. She added that the adjudication will prioritise women, youth and people with disabilities. The Minister said the exclusion of the funding will involve the mechanisation, infrastructure and overhead costs. "This is not comprehensive support but intervention package amid COVID-19," she said. She also added that farmers who are preparing for the 2020 summer production season will not be supported. "The aim is to provide immediate to near-term support to smallholder farmers currently affected by COVID-19,” she said. "The applications for this funding will be open from 08 April 2020 and will close on 22 April 2020. No late entries will be accepted," she said.