CHIPPA United have appointed Abram “Wire” Nteo as second assistant to coach Rhulani Mokwena. This was revealed by the Chilli Boys COO Lukhanyo Mzizi who quashed rumours that Mbuyiselo Sambu has been demoted. The former Bloemfontein Celtic midfielder joined the Port Elizabeth-based side following a stint with Siwelele’s MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) side. Nteo, who is armed with a Safa B License, also gained valuable experience while coaching GladAfrica Championship side Royal Eagles. Said Mzizi: “Mbuyiselo Sambu is still part of the first team. He has done well coaching the MDC side since the start of the season and has continued there while also working with the first team. Abram Nteo is the second assistant and together they will help the team get success.” However, Mzizi is concerned that the prolonged Absa Premiership season due to the coronavirus pandemic will delay the renewal of players’ contracts which expires in June. The PSL, like most leagues around the world, has been suspended due to the outbreak of Covid-19. “The majority of players’ contracts come to an end and this is a disturbance if they can’t commit to the club. We also have players that are out of contract, but we are looking at (resolving) it. The president (Cyril Ramaphosa) and the PSL chairman (Irvin Khoza) emphasised about saving everybody’s lives during this difficult period and we are all worried about it.” The COO says management will continue to pay players salaries in full even though the club won’t be able to generate any income during this tough period. “There is no revenue now, but we are committed to paying our players from the club’s savings.” Mzizi revealed that Mokwena has uploaded a training programme used by English Premiership runaway leaders Liverpool to ensure his players are fit at their homes during the lockdown. “The coach has downloaded the app Liverpool players are using and he will be able to asses who is working or not at home. “Even though they might not be 100 percent fit when training resumes, I think they should be okay.”