Mpumalanga community safety MEC, Gabisile Shabalala has raised concerns over non-compliance in several townships in the province. Shabalala together with Mpumalanga police boss, Lieutenant General Mondli Zuma visited one of the 17 permanent roadblocks in the province which connects Mpumalanga and Limpopo on Saturday (11 April).  She said Embalenhle and Emalahleni townships continue to be problematic when it comes to adhering to the regulations of the lockdown. Shabalala said these townships have been problematic even before the Covid-19 challenge. "They are problematic in terms of crime, alcohol and the usage of drugs. They remain problematic and that’s is why we've got many programs on those areas. We still must give them an opportunity to digest and absorb the staying at home,” she said. "Our interest as the government is to save our people whether they have rights or not. Remember their rights are currently paralysed and we are using programs and methods that are going to force them to remain indoors but at times it is difficult because they always tell us about the essential goods they need to have from the shops," she said. She further commended community members who continue to adhere to the rules of the lockdown. “We still got those who force to cross to other provinces and the regulations were very clear that you only move when you have to attend a funeral other than that we are not going to have any functions taking place in our province," she said. Shabalala further appealed to the public to only go out when it's necessary saying: "People still believe the essential service is going to give them the freedom of moving around the streets. This is a serious virus and it has a potential of killing everyone in the country. We want to believe that as we are moving on, they look at how other people are dying in other countries and maybe they will come to a point of realising the importance of staying at home." Mpumalanga police boss, Lieutenant General Mondli Zuma emphasized that any gathering except for funerals is still not allowed. “Whatever gathering of any sort is not allowed, whether its church, or you are paying lobola. We will have to arrest them,” he said. At least over 700 people have been arrested since the lockdown period began in the province. Shabalala said the department together working with the police will continue visiting different areas to enforce law.