The Western Cape education department has vowed to continue to roll out its National Food Nutrition Programme (NFNP), even though the Independent Civic Organisation of SA (Icosa) laid a criminal charge on Monday, claiming it contravenes national lockdown regulations. Icosa laid a charge against Western Cape Education MEC Debbie Schäfer, saying it was "concerned about media reports in which the MEC and Premier Alan Winde are being quoted as saying that they are continuing with the NFNP" despite President Cyril Ramaphosa having declared a national lockdown. According to Icosa national spokesperson Dawid Kamfer, the organisation received a letter from Schäfer in which she expressed her intention to continue with the NFNP. "The behaviour of the DA-led provincial government is irresponsible and should be stopped. They are risking exposing the lives of our children to Covid-19," Kamfer said in a statement. Schäfer's spokesperson, Kerry Mauchline, told News24 the department was aware of the case, as well as other organisations that opposed the rollout of the feeding scheme. Last week, Cosatu in the Western Cape said it was "shocked and highly disturbed" by the way Schäfer had handled the feeding scheme saga in the province and called for her removal. "The MEC's position is that [the feeding scheme] does not contravene lockdown regulations. We are all worried and frightened, but the fact is that we've had this call from communities and these children are in dire need [of food]," Mauchline said. Correct protocols followed She added that, on Thursday, nearly 100 000 children were fed. "In order to achieve this, it is very important that we follow the correct protocols." In a statement issued last week, Schäfer outlined these protocols as: Having sufficient adult supervision available to make sure pupils are following all the safety protocols;Ensuring an orderly queuing system, preferably in a staggered manner, to reduce the number of pupils arriving at the same time;Pupils must bring their own food containers from home, which are not touched by staff/volunteers;Ensuring that pupils remain at least 1.5m apart from one another;Ensuring that no more than 50 children come at a time;Providing soap and water for pupils to wash their hands, or hand sanitiser;Pupils will not eat at school – they will go directly to school, collect their meals, and go home."I have been overwhelmed by the support we have received from the vast majority of our schools. Staff and volunteers have gone the extra mile to provide meals today, and I offer them my sincere thanks. It is clear that they really care about our province's children. "We have had such an overwhelmingly positive response to our initiative, after weeks of requests from desperate communities, that I cannot understand how any organisation can be opposed to this," Schäfer had said.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/lockdown-wc-education-dept-goes-ahead-with-school-feeding-scheme-despite-threat-of-criminal-charges-20200413