AJAX Cape Town star Abednego Mosiatlhaga is one of the players who voiced their concerns over what would happen should the GladAfrica Championship, and other leagues around the world, not be completed due to the outbreak of coronavirus. Since the deadly virus forced sporting events across the globe to either be suspended or postponed, there have been many questions raised about what would happen if there was to be no resumption to the action this season. This, of course, is not beyond the realm of possibility as there is no telling as to when the virus will be contained and when it will be safe for players and supporters to take part in their favourite sport again. Mosiatlhaga, who has been on fire for table-topping Ajax in the Championship, insists that it is important to ensure that the season is completed come hell or high water. “I just think we should get back on the field when it is safe to do so, whenever that may be, and finish the season,” said Mosiatlhaga. “I’ve seen in Belgium they have cancelled the rest of the season and crowned the team at the top as champions. “I’m not sure that would work here at home because our leagues are tightly contested, there are quite a lot of games left and it is hard to tell which team would go on to clinch the title. “Chiefs, for instance, might be at the top of the table, but you can’t really say without a doubt they would have gone on to win the league. “It is the same with us, we’re currently top of the Championship but the teams below us feel they can catch if the season resumes. “It would not be fair to crown any team champions. There is no telling at the moment how the season would finish.” Mosiatlhaga is currently the leading scorer in the Championship with 16 goals. He is desperate to return to the field and continue his fine form and has been doing his best to keep in shape during the lockdown. “The club has given us a training program to follow so that we return in good shape,” added the former Stellenbosch FC forward. It is obviously a concern that we can’t train the way we would like. It is unlikely that we will be in the best shape when we return but the same will apply with our opponents.”