IN ADDITION to the extended lockdown imposed by the government to contain the coronavirus , Absa Premiership log leaders Kaizer Chiefs have issued a blanket ban on press interviews with players and club officials. CAJ News African can reveal one of the club’s main sponsors is believed to have influenced the decision of the embargo. “The club has effected a lockdown on all players, prohibiting them from granting any interviews to the media. This is an instruction from our sponsor,” Vina Maphosa, the club’s corporate communications manager said. Chiefs, the country’s most popular and most supported football side, attract a lot of sponsors. A quick look into the Chiefs’ list of sponsors, one would see the country’s largest mobile network operator Vodacom, Nike, Hollard, Carling Black Label, Nissan, SuperSport and Powerade, respectively. Out of all the sponsors, Vodacom is the main sponsor. Contacted for comment, Vodacom denied ever instructing clubs to not do interviews with journalists. The cellphone operator stated it would not interfere with clubs’ independent day-to-day running. However, Maphosa said interviews that had nothing to do with bringing solutions to the ravaging Covid-19 would not be entertained. He pointed out that the Naturena-based side had hundreds of requests from the media. These, he said, would be scrutinised in due course, pending whether they will be approved. Maphosa said Chiefs understood the sponsor’s concern in light of the emotive issue of Covid-19. South Africa is currently the epicentre of the virus on the African continent. The country has confirmed 58 deaths from 3 465 confirmed cases at the time of publishing. Gauteng, the country’s economic hub, which is home to Chiefs, has the most cases. CAJ News can reveal that in recent weeks, officials from the South African Football Association (Safa) and other Premiership sides, have been reluctant to conduct interviews. A coach with a PSL side based in KwaZulu-Natal this week pulled out of a scheduled interview with this publication claiming harassment. Safa also could not fulfil pledges of an interview, ignoring repeated attempts to solicit their input via email and text messages in two weeks now. The South African National Editors’ Forum (Sanef) expressed regret at the restricted flow of information from some football authorities and clubs. “Sanef would call this (attitude) unfortunate and unnecessary,” Hopewell Radebe, the Sanef Gauteng acting convenor, told CAJ News Africa in an interview. “Sport across the world has always supported governments in the fight against coronavirus. So, denying journalists interviews would be a huge disservice to themselves (stakeholders) and the public.” He said last year, Sanef facilitated openness between the football fraternity and media. “Players could play a role in speaking about Covid-19,” Radebe said. He cited other sporting personalities in rugby, cricket and motor racing who are playing key roles in helping awareness about Covid-19. Chiefs and Orlando Pirates last week teamed up with broadcasting giant, Multichoice, on an initiative to raise awareness on the pandemic. – CAJ News