SFISO Ncwane used to refer to his wife Ayanda as reality TV star, Kim Kardashian. But when the gospel icon died, Ayanda turned her life around and upgraded her looks to look even more beautiful. Whenever she posts her photos on her social media pages, her fans always go crazy and compliment her dress sense. It doesn't matter whether she's in her evening gown, casual wear or a formal suit, she makes sure she set tongues wagging with her ever glamorous look. And it looks like she inspires a lot of women as she now has 1 million followers on her Instagram account. Read: SOMIZI GRANTED BAIL FOR LOCKDOWN COMMENT After Ncwane died following a short illness, Ayanda took over the gospel business. She is now the owner of Ncwane Communications, which records the award-winning gospel group Abathandwa. Ayanda has proven that a great loss is not the end of the world. She said her little brother Phupho is her personal stylist. "He make sure that when I go out, I turn heads. He makes me look elegant and he knows what suits me," said Ayanda. Serving as an inspiration to other women is also her goal. Read: TJOVITJO NOW ON NETFLIX "I get compliments from women most of the time. It shows that women are now starting to learn to draw inspiration from one another. They are learning to stop the pull down syndrome. And it makes me feel happy that I show other women that being a widow doesn't mean that we shouldn't be beautiful and inspire others," she said. Setting the tone as we March to the new month. ??: @zile_queen A post shared by  Ayanda Ncwane ???? (@ayandancwane) on Mar 1, 2020 at 3:06am PST   God is not quiet and He certainly has not forgotten you, your turn is coming DO NOT turn on the panic button yet beloved ????????. Madam loves you ?? A post shared by  Ayanda Ncwane ???? (@ayandancwane) on Mar 5, 2020 at 5:38am PST   Congratulations my darling @gertjohancoetzee ?? ?????? on the launch of your new cologne #DoublePlatinumGJC #ProudlySouthAfrican product ???? ???? @skinscosmetics.sa A post shared by  Ayanda Ncwane ???? (@ayandancwane) on Feb 27, 2020 at 10:50am PST   Greetings from Madam ?????? A post shared by  Ayanda Ncwane ???? (@ayandancwane) on Feb 27, 2020 at 3:38am PST   Sunday church day. Sanibonani from West Africa ????. A post shared by  Ayanda Ncwane ???? (@ayandancwane) on Feb 9, 2020 at 6:52am PST        