 The Eastern
Cape government is searching for more than 100 people who breached lockdown
laws by attending a funeral in Majola in Port St Johns, after one of the mourners
tested positive for Covid-19, according DispatchLIVE. The country
is under a 21-day lockdown to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. In
terms of lockdown regulations, no more than 50 people are allowed to attend a
funeral. Judy
Ngoloyi, spokesperson for Health MEC Sindiswa Gomba, told DispatchLIVE that the
case of the mourner, who returned to East London from Port St Johns, was
included in the 45 positive cases in the Eastern Cape. "Since
the incident, that area has been identified as a hotspot area. Following
President Cyril Ramaphosa's call for door-to-door screening, testing and
awareness, especially in areas where we have confirmed cases, that process has
started in that area following this incident," Ngoloyi said. Meanwhile,
HeraldLIVE reported that the Eastern Cape health department traced 400 people
who attended a KwaDwesi funeral of a nurse three weeks ago. Three mourners have
since tested positive for Covid-19 According
to the publication, members of a family who attended the funeral have still not
been tested, even though they have symptoms, because they do not have airtime
to call the department. They spoke
to Councillor Nqabakazi Zuma, who contacted the municipal office. The family
was advised to go to Livingstone Hospital. Nosisi
Mdodana, told HeraldLIVE that she hoped the department would come to their
house because her father was old. "Our
other relatives [who were at the funeral] said they have been contacted and are
on some waiting list to be tested," she said. Her father,
Phakamile, 76, said he didn't undergo a test at the local clinic when he went
to collect his medication because of the long queues. "We're
not scared of being tested but there's no way, at my old age, I'm going to go
and stand in a long line somewhere and possibly contract the virus in the
queues because people aren't practising social distancing," he said. On Monday
News24 reported that Nelson Mandela Bay council speaker Buyelwa Mafaya urged
residents who attended the KwaDwesi funeral to be cautious because the number
of infected people is escalating. "We
are aware of concerning reports that a large number of people are worried that
they may have been exposed to Covid-19. If you are in this group, please go to
your nearest health facility as soon as possible," said Mafaya. "Please
ensure that you are covered with a mask or scarf or any cloth when you go to
the health centres," said Mafaya. Also on
Monday, provincial health spokesperson Siyanda Manana said gatherings such as
funerals are some of the places where transmission takes place, without people
realising it, reported News24. Manana
urged city residents and those in the province at large, who had recently
attended mass gatherings, such as church services and particularly funerals,
"to come and be tested"."People must phone 0800 032 364 or 0800
299 999, so that they can get tested," he said. SOURCE: NEWS24