At a time when people everywhere are confined to their
homes due to COVID-19, looking for ways to stay entertained, the question is—can
I still poke? Is it safe? American Sexual Health Association reports that people can
still poke, but with precautions. What we know right now is covid-19 that is a respiratory
disease, so direct contact with saliva can transmit the virus. While it has not
yet been found in semen or vaginal fluid, it has been found in feces of people
who are infected. As always, condoms and dental dams can reduce the risk and
reduce contact with saliva and feces during anal and oral sex or oral/anal
contact. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene
has offered some excellent guidance on safer sex during these times, which you
can read in full here. But here are a few basic tips from NYC Health on how to
enjoy sex and to avoid spreading COVID-19: You are your safest sex partner. Masturbation will not
spread COVID-19, especially if you wash your hands (and any sex toys) with soap
and water for at least 20 seconds before and after sex. The next safest partner is someone you live with.Having
close contact—including sex—with only a small circle of people helps prevent
spreading COVID-19. You should avoid close contact—including sex—with anyone
outside your household. If you do have sex with others, have as few partners as
possible. If you usually meet your sex partners online or make a
living by having sex, consider taking a break from in-person dates. Video
dates, sexting or chat rooms may be options for you. ASHA expert H. Hunter Handsfield also offers some good
summary advice: “We would strongly recommend sexually active persons be very
selective in their sexual partnerships, pay attention to partners’ health, and
limit new partnerships to the fewest possible. The lowest sexual risk of course
will exist for mutually monogamous couples.” For couples from whom pregnancy is a concern, don’t
forget contraception as well. Once again, condoms (both internal and external)
can fill that role, and telemedicine options are available as well, if you
can’t venture out to a clinic or pharmacy. 