The Department of Basic Education may only be able to start
phasing in Grade 7 and 12 pupils from 1 June, according to Minister Angie
Motshekga. Motshekga and her higher education counterpart, Blade
Nzimande, briefed the nation on Thursday, outlining the plans to ensure
teaching and learning resume as the country fights the coronavirus pandemic. But the return to school for Grades 7 and 12 from June
depends on the department's plans to ensure that schools are safe and Covid-19
compliant. Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga on Saturday said
Grade 12s should be ready to write their exams as her department is doing all
it can to ensure that 2020 doesn't go down the drain. The department plans to have personal protective equipment
(PPE) delivered to all schools in the country. It will have schools deep cleaned, and also make sure that
all necessary support is provided for teachers, non-teaching staff and pupils. Motshekga said parents had been concerned that pupils would
be returning to schools from May, but that it would not be the case. She said the department had decided to postpone the May/June
National Senior Certificate rewrite examinations and it would now merge with
the November/December exams. This will see more than a million candidates sitting for the
final exams at the end of the year. Preparations for exams The department could not complete its preparations for the
exams due to the lockdown. The preparations include the printing and
distribution of question papers, the appointment of invigilators, and assessing
the general readiness in marking centres. Motshekga stressed that the department would need to make
sure it is aligned to the risk-adjusted plans. It also had to take into account
the epicentres of the virus in the various provinces and metros. Based on all the work the department still needs to do, it
is proposed that office-based staff return to work on 4 May, in line with a
directive from the Department of Public Service and Administration, Motshekga
said. She added that staff will ensure that all the groundwork is
done to ensure that schools are ready in all provinces. Once that is done, the school management teams will return
from 11 May to prepare for the return of the pupils. Return dates Teachers will then be expected to return on 18 May, followed
by the Grade 7s and 12s on 1 June. Motshekga, however, emphasised that once the administrative
work was completed, the school calendar would be gazetted until then. The suggested dates were only a "proposal" and
subject to possible changes. Speaking on private schools, Motshekga said the department
had also consulted with the schools, and expected it to only operate if
Covid-19 compliant. She said it would depend on the schools whether they wanted
to open during Level 4 or Level 3 of the lockdown, adding that this would be on
condition that it accommodates the acceptable number of pupils. The minister also urged parents, who have children attending
fee-paying schools, to pay because the fees are used to pay staff employed by
the school governing body. She urged parents to make alternative arrangements with
schools, should they be unable to pay. SOURCE: NEWS24