 Mpumalanga Health MEC, Sasekani
Manzini says the province is concerned over the rising numbers of positive Covid-19
cases in Nkomazi. Manzini said this while she was
receiving medical equipment donations at Evander Hospital on Thursday. "Our main challenge in the
province is Nkomazi, but now we are seeing Pixley wanting to overtake Nkomazi.
It's a concern for us as a province because we wanted to lock Nkomazi, in fact
we have already locked Nkomazi to minimise those cases," she said. Mpumalanga has so far recorded 31
cases with 11 in Nkomazi, 7 in Mbombela 6 in Pixley Ka saka Seme and 2 in
Emakhazeni. Areas such as Bushbuckridge, Govan
Mbeki, Lekwa, Emalahleni and Steve Tshwete have recorded one case each. The
total number of recoveries is 18 and no deaths have been registered. "It shows that the reason there
is a lockdown is to flatten the curve so that we don't have more cases. Reality
is that once you have got more people who will need our facilities, we don't
have that capacity as a country. We don't want people to be infected and
critical, rather be infected but not critical," she said. Sasol has donated medical equipment
worth R4 million to Evander Hospital in Mpumalanga, in order to assist the
government in the fight against Covid-19," she said. Amongst the things that the company
donated are three vehicles that will be used for screening and testing with
air-conditioners, hospital beds and extractor fans. Sasol vice president, Simon Baloyi
said as soon as the epidemic started, they jumped into action and it was critical
for them to jump into action is because they understood the seriousness of the
disease and their international operations. "We saw what happened in Italy
by that time. We knew that the disease is serious, this not like flu but a
serious disease which doesn't have a cure or vaccine as we stand. This means
it's us the people that are going to make a difference," he said. Baloyi said this was to assist the
department in combating the disease. "We understand the challenges
that the system faces, we have to continue flattening the curve to make sure
that we don't overwhelm our health facilities because that's were the battle
front of this virus is, it's always at the health facilities and that is where
the virus will be fought. If there is no space, beds, ventilators then we are
likely to lose lives," he said.