THERE are not too many players who can seamlessly transition from the lower divisions to the Premier Soccer League (PSL). The gulf in class is usually too big and players from lower divisions struggle to make an impact in the top flight. But that gap has been steadily decreasing in recent years with more players, particularly from the GladAfrica Championship, who are managing to impose themselves in the Absa Premiership. This as the Championship has become increasingly competitive with the standard of football improving. Clubs that have been promoted to the Premiership, in recent years, have also managed to survive immediate relegation back to the second division. However, PSL clubs are still reluctant to buy players from the Championship, especially those without much Premiership experience. SunSport looks at some of the best players in the Championship this season who are ready to make the step up to the big time. ABEDNEGO MOSIATLHAGA (AJAX CAPE TOWN) He is one of the players with Premiership experience. However, He could not impose himself during his previous stints in the top flight. He was loaned out to the Championship by Bidvest Wits where he has been a consistent performer. Mosiatlhaga helped Stellenbosch FC gain automatic promotion to the Premiership last season, but the club opted against signing him permanently. This season, he has been showing his hunger to play in the PSL, scoring 16 goals for Ajax to become the top goal scorer in the division, so far. Mosiatlhaga looks destined for the top flight, with Ajax favourites to be promoted this season, should the season be completed post the Covid-19 chaos. MOEKETSI MAKHANYA (JDR STARS) He has been one of Championship newcomers JDR Stars’ best players this season. He has already proved he can make the step up without too much trouble, having just come from the ABC Motsepe League with the Hammer Boys last season. Makhanya is currently second in the top scorers list behind Mosiatlhaga, having scored 12 goals for the Tshwane outfit. He is one of the players who will be on a few PSL clubs’ shopping list at the end of the season. GRANT MARGEMAN (AJAX) The Ajax Cape Town midfielder is already on his way to the PSL having signed a pre-contract with giants Mamelodi Sundowns. He has been a consistent performer for the Urban Warriors in the Championship, constantly pulling the strings in their midfield. The SA Under-23 midfielder is one of the most highly rated youngsters in Mzansi, but he will have his work cut out trying to break into the star-studded Downs team However, having had a bit of experience in the top flight with the Urban Warriors, Margeman should have little trouble imposing himself at that level once again. GIVEN THIBEDI (SWALLOWS FC) The Kaizer Chiefs youngster currently on loan at Swallows FC is not doing his ever growing reputation any harm with impressive performances this season. He has been a vital cog in the Dube Birds midfield that has dominated a number of their opponents. Thibedi is one of the first names on coach Brandon Truter’s starting X1, such has been his impact in the team. And with the imminent departure of George Maluleka, who is headed to Sundowns, Thibedi could make himself an option for PSL clubs.