INTERNATIONAL football could be back next year! Information reaching SunSport suggests that all national teams across most parts of the world could stay idle until next year. But that will depend on the containment of the coronavirus that has ravaged the world extensively. The SA Football Association (Safa) boss, Danny Jordaan, admits there are possibilities of not playing in any of their qualifiers – 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) and 2022 Qatar World Cup – until all travel restrictions have been lifted. But this would give domestic club competitions the chance to resume. Fifa vice-president Victor Montagliani, a Canadian who is president of the governing body for North and Central America and the Caribbean, has been heading a working group formulating plans to deal with the implications of soccer being largely shut down since last month. Montagliani, Concacaf’s president, told GlobalNews he believes the September, October and November windows for national team matches could be scrapped. September is still in the books,” he told The Associated Press. “But I would garner to say that I’m not sure it’s there on solid ground the way things are trending right now.” The return of fans into packed stadiums could be dependent on a vaccine for the Covid-19 disease being ready – and that might not be until 2021. With regards to Bafana Bafana, Banyana Banyana, Olympic team and other junior national teams – Under 17 and U-20 – Jordaan said this will depend on the minister of transport Fikile Mbalula. “I don’t think anybody has a choice here,” Jordaan told SunSport yesterday. “Mbalula must first tell us when does he think international flights will be allowed back in the country. “As long as he has banned international flights, it means we cannot play Sao Tome, Sudan or Ghana in Afcon 2021 qualifiers. “We cannot play anybody. But even before you come to the match, most of our players are in Europe, so we will have to fly the Percy Tau and the Bongani Zungus here in the country. “And also, they cannot fly out of Europe as there are no international flights that side, too. Effectively, you cannot have international matches.” Montagliani said even if any federation or confederation gets the green light to play a football match, “I highly doubt that first football match will be with fans”. A full resumption of soccer this year might not be possible in parts of the world’s hardest hit by the pandemic, including Europe and North America. “If you take that across international boundaries, that’s a significant issue,” Montagliani said in a video interview from Vancouver, British Columbia. Scheduling will be discussed further by a working group featuring the six confederations, according to Montagliani. “I’m fairly confident the March window in 2021 will be fine,” Montagliani added. The qualifying format for the World Cup in Qatar might have to be curtailed with the time frame tightening to play matches to reach the tournament that starts in November 2022. “We’re likely going to be having to seriously look at reformatting some of our events,” said the Fifa official. But Jordaan is more worried about Safa making money since they depend on selling football and broadcast rights. “It means we will encounter financial problems. Effectively no football and no income,” said Jordaan. – GlobalNews