SHE HAS twenty kids to take care of and a two-roomed house to do it in.“How can we self-isolate in this cramped house? It’s impossible,” said Sylvia Plaatjie.“IF ONE OF US GETS THE VIRUS, WE’LL ALL GET IT.”With no income, Sylvia (34) takes care of her own kids, along with her nieces and nephews in her house in Alexandra, east of Joburg. She said they relied on social grant money, which helps to put food on the table, but due to the lockdown, the family has seen a drastic shortage of food. “The kids are always at home,” said Sylvia. “They usually get food from the school’s feeding scheme, but now that schools have been closed they have to eat here at home.” She said they not only struggle for money and food. “Now that the kids are growing up, we have privacy issues as well,” Sylvia told Daily Sun. “The girls sleep in the bedroom, the boys in the front room.” Sitting on the sofa with torn arm rests and worn out cloth, Sylvia said in the morning when the kids bath, those in bedroom have to get out as the bedroom is temporarily converted into a bathroom. With the confirmed positive Covid-19 cases in Alex, the family also lives in fear. “Even when we sleep, we are packed in like sardines,” she said. “Should one of us get coronavirus, it means all of us would have it,” she said. On Tuesday, Joburg Mayor Geoffrey Makhubo and MPL Sizakele Nkosi-Malobane, visited the family to see for themselves the conditions under which the family lives. Rain poured heavily as the mayor addressed the media in the cramped house. The doorstep was flooded and the mayor and government officials had to tip-toe as they made their way into the house. Some of the kids who were sitting on the couch held a large pot above their shoulders to catch the drops of water that were dripping from the roof. It was clear to the officials and all the other people crowded into the small house, that social distancing and compliance with lockdown regulations would be almost impossible for the family to maintain. “We will come back to see how we can intervene,” Makhubo promised. “Social development and the social workers must come see what we can do for this family.” “To take care of their immediate needs, social development brought food parcels to keep them fed.” He said they would welcome any help they can get for the family and other families in Alexandra who may be suffering the same hardships.