  IT WAS supposed to be a quiet family funeral. But then the children got into the grave, opened the coffin and poured petrol on the body of the madala before setting it alight. THEN THEY DANCED AND CLAPPED HANDS AS THE FLAMES LEAPT FROM THE COFFIN! Mourners fled the scene as the body of Colman Kilani (62) was set alight inside his coffin. Colman’s sister Nondazi Kilani (54) told Daily Sun her brother was a loving man, yet he was burnt to ashes by his children. “This is not part of our culture,” said Nondazi. When she and the other elders confronted the kids, they said the decision was made for them but couldn’t say why. Colman died on 5 April after struggling to breathe. The funeral took place in Mgwali Village near Stutterheim, Eastern Cape, on Wednesday last week. Nondazi said the kids were part of family meetings after Colman’s death, and they all agreed on the arrangements which included lockdown regulations. “Despite the children refusing that the body of their father pass by his family home where he was raised, we thought everything was in order but the children helped each other set his body alight,” she said. She said people fled in shock. “I stood there in disbelief. This was my brother. A humble man who loved his whole family and had time for everyone,” she said. “He didn’t deserve this. We’re still confused and hurt.” In the video that has since been shared by the Funeral Industry Reformed Association, mourners, some wearing masks, are visibly amazed while the family kept singing. Fira director Johan Rousseau said the family conducted an illegal cremation and blamed lack of regulations. He said they had been pleading with government for 20 years to set guidelines for the funeral industry, municipalities and the community. “We need to be guided by legislation. People can’t just burn the deceased,” said Rousseau. Eastern Cape Health MEC Sizwe Kupelo said: “A body can’t just be disposed of any old way.” ANC Simanyene branch secretary Mlamli Fanti said: “The Mgwali community and ward 13 are saddened. This behaviour is illegal and unacceptable.” Elders of the family have laid a criminal charge with the police. Colonel Sibongile Soci confirmed that four suspects aged between 20 and 40 were bust and charged with malicious damage to property and violation of a grave and a corpse. “The accused appeared in the Stutterheim Magistrates Court and are out on warning.” The siblings are expected to make their second appearance next month. Their phones were on voicemail. The office of the Eastern Cape premier condemned what they described as an illegal act. “This is the burning of a corpse. It’s not cremation. It’s a crime. There are laws regulating the cremation of people,” it said. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi said: “To get rid of the bad luck they’ve invited into their lives, they’ll need to cleanse and ask for forgiveness from their father.”