MARATHON world record holder Eliud Kipchoge, the only man to finish a marathon under two hours, is itching to get back on the road. Kipchoge, like many sports people around the globe, has been forced to put his running shoes away for a moment as the world continues to battle with the deadly coronavirus pandemic. The virus has wreaked havoc on the entire globe, forcing sporting events to be cancelled. Kipchoge, who has now been out of action for eight months, said it was difficult to not be able to do what he loves, which is running. However, he is aware that safety comes first. He has been keeping fit but he admits it has been a challenge to train on his own without his trusted teammates to push and motivate him. “It’s unfortunate that we can’t do what we love right now,” he told K24 TV in his native Kenya. “I’m running because of passion at the same time trying to inspire many people. It’s hard. “Life has changed, this is the time when I would be training but now it is different. All the sportsmen are at home for one reason – Covid-19. It’s a different life completely. “It’s a big difference training alone. I value teamwork. You rise above anything with teamwork. “I just go out alone now, it’s hard but we have to respect the government’s instructions and stay at home in order to beat the pandemic.” Kipchoge had targeted the London Marathon as well as the Tokyo Olympics this year as the main races he wanted to run and win. However, both events have been postponed. Kipchoge said he is eager to run sooner rather than later and his team are currently working on ensuring that happens as soon as it is safe to do so. “I will run one of the races in the fall but negotiations for that are still ongoing,” said Kipchoge. He insisted, though, that: “My number one concern at the moment is safety, that’s why I am at home right now. “I’m keeping myself and my family safe, I encourage people to be at their homes and for the whole world to be safe. “During my time at home I have also found out that I am actually a good cook. I like cooking for my children. “I would like to urge everyone to stay at home. Train in isolation if you have to train and please follow government directives.” Kipchoge, who is one of the greatest road runners of his generation, will be looking to further cement his name in the history books in next year’s Olympics. Out of the 13 marathons he has run, Kipchoge has won 12. Asked whether the Tokyo Olympics, which will take place a few months before his 37th birthday will be the last of his illustrious career, he said: “I don’t want to pre-empt what will happen beyond 2021 but you will still see me around. As time goes, things might change. But for now, I’m still around.”