While South Africa enters lockdown, one of the sectors of
the economy where there is currently demand, is the used car market, where
consumers are searching for cars in the sub-R200 000 category. According to George Mienie, AutoTrader CEO, searches for cars
R200 000 and under continue to perform the best. "This is the largest segment – by far. We have recorded
over two million searches in this price category this year alone," he
reveals. Having said this, which are South Africa's most wanted cars
in the sub-R200 000 price bracket? This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Maruti Suzuki, Volkswagen Polo And Vento, Lamborghini Sian The top automotive news of the day- Maruti Suzuki has said that it will stop production for two days in September owing to the slowdown in sales. Mienie reveals that the most searched for car is currently
the Volkswagen Polo: "This comes as no surprise; the Polo was also the
top-selling used car in South Africa in 2019," he reveals. In number two position is the BMW 3 Series: "This
German luxury car was the third most searched for vehicle in 2019 and the sixth
most sold last year," Mienie says. The Volkswagen Golf is currently the third most searched for
car in South Africa.  "It was the fourth most searched for vehicle and the
eighth-most sold vehicle in this country last year – so it's a perennial
favourite," Mienie notes. The fourth most searched for car at the moment is the Toyota
Hilux. "It is the top-selling new vehicle in South Africa, and
it was the most searched for model in the used vehicle market in South Africa
in 2019," he points out. In fifth spot at the moment, when it comes to the most
searched for used car in the sub-R200 000 price category, is the Volkswagen
Polo Pivo.  "Like its Polo sibling, this Volkswagen product is
popular in South Africa. It also sold the third-highest number of models in the
six months ending December 2019," Mienie says. According to Mienie, it is interesting to see that the used
car market still offers good value for money. "With R200 000 in your pocket, you can acquire a very
good used car," he says. AutoTrader is currently running a campaign to #WinAnyCar
valued at under R200 000. For more details visit the AutoTrader website and
social pages.  Most searched cars under R200k  1. Volkswagen Polo 2. BMW 3 Series 3. Volkswagen Golf 4. Toyota Hilux 5. Volkswagen Polo Pivo 6. Ford Fiesta 7. BMW 1 Series 8. Mercedes-Benz C-Class 9. Kia Rio 10. Ford EcoSport  SOURCE: WHEELS24