Musician and poet Ntsiki Mazwai has yet again opened another can of worms. This time around the controversial Mazwai sister has questioned President Cyril Ramaphosa if he can survive on only R350 per month. “I wonder if the president could survive on R350 a month,” she said. READ: KING MONADA AND HENNCY C COLLABO PAYS OFF! Her questions follows the announcement that was made by Ramaphosa that a special Coronavirus Social Relief of Distress grant of R350 a month will be paid to individuals who are currently unemployed and do not receive any other form of social grant or UIF payment. The media personality who recently took a swipe at South African men and said they have small 4-5s says R1 000 per month per individual is more realistic. Shortly after sharing her thoughts people started dragging her and calling her a “complainist.” “Wena Nsiki you are a complainist, always criticising, yaz unqenisa njengokugez,” one fan wrote. READ MORE: THE KOLISI'S DONATE FOOD PARCELS! While some said that she is too privilege to understand that some people are grateful for the little that President Cyril Ramaphosa has to offer. “Says someone who is in a position of privilege. A lot of people are very grateful for that 350. South Africa is better than most other African countries where people are getting nothing,” the fan wrote. But the controversial poet who recently alleged in a letter that she wrote that the lockdown will benefit Ramaphosa and his friends did not take the comments laying down: “A lot of people are hungry after so many weeks and easy to manipulate.” SEE TWEETS BELOW: I wonder if the president could survive on R350 a month......  Guys R1000 PER ID FOR 6months is realistic ?????  Says someone who is in a position of privilege.. A lot of people are very grateful for that 350.And south africa is better than most other African countries where people are getting nothing  You're all angry at me because you're hungryAnd deep down know that 350 is not enough. You have no balls to attack Ramaphosa so you bully me. I see you https://t.co/rh9CmrcimB        