VETERAN sports administrator Ntambi Ravele believes that the suspension of SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) acting president, Barry Hendricks, is a big victory for women administrators in general. Ravele’s bid to take Hendricks and TSA (Tennis SA) President Gavin Crookes to arbitration succeeded. This week, the Sascoc board were left with no choice but to suspend Hendricks for political interference and for deliberately attempting to block Ravele’s Sascoc presidential candidacy, unlawfully. According to Sascoc, Hendricks abused his powers as his actions brought the organisation into disrepute. Ravele can put the nail in Hendricks’ coffin if she wins her arbitration case against him. In February, Hendricks is said to have met with Crookes to influence him not to endorse Ravele’s Sascoc’s presidential candidacy. But Ravele didn’t take the matter lying down, as she stood up and fought for her rights together with her legal team. She wrote two letters to the Minister of Sports and Recreation Nathi Mthethwa, asking him to intervene in the matter. “I wasn’t prepared to sit down and watch Hendricks abuse his powers just like that. I won’t rest until I see free and fair elections,” warned Ravele. She said even if she didn’t become Sascoc’s president, she wanted to see free and fair elections and not the dirty tactics that have been used by other candidates. Ravele said she wasn’t going to sit and fold her arms. She is now looking forward to arbitration where she’s ready to meet Hendricks pound-for-pound. Ravele is a rose among thorns and has proven she can put up a good fight in a male-dominated industry. “I just want justice to prevail. I’m happy my complaint will be given the respect it deserves,” she said. Ravele, who has served in almost every sporting federation in Mzansi, said she has plenty of experience and wants ro take Sascoc to the next level. According to her, this will enable the athletics body to attract sponsorship and take care of local runners. Hendricks, who has been placed on special leave, insists he has nothing to hide. “I just want to clear my name,” he said. According to Sascoc, Hendricks abused his powers as his actions brought the organization into disrepute. Ravele can put the nail in Hendricks’ coffin if she wins her arbitration case against him. In February, Hendricks met with Crookes to influence him not to endorse Ravele’s Sascoc’s presidential candidacy. But Ravele did not take the matter lying down as she stood up and fought for her rights together with her legal team. She wrote two letters to the Minister of Sports and Recreation Nathi Mthethwa to intervene. “I was not prepared to sit down and watch Hendricks abuse his powers just like that. I won’t rest until I see free and fair elections,” warns Ravele. She said that even if she does not become a Sascoc president, she wants to a see free and fair elections and not the dirty tactics that have been deployed by other candidates. Ravele said that she was not prepared to sit down and fold her hands without a fight. She is now looking forward to arbitration where she will meet Hendricks at arbitration. Ravele is a rose among the thorns and she has proved that can also stand up and put on a good fight in a field that is dominated largely by men. “I just want to see justice prevail. I’m happy that my complain will be given the respect that it deserves,” stressed Ravele. Ravele, who has served almost every sporting federation in Mzansi, said that she has plenty of experience and all that she wants is to take Sascoc to the next level so that they can be able to attract good sponsorships and take care of athletes. Even though he has been put on special leave, Hendricks insists that he has nothing to hide. “I just want to clear my name,” said Hendricks.