HIGHLANDS Park shareholder Sinky Mnisi claims his boys are always getting the wrong end of the stick when they play against the so-called big-three – Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns – at home. Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa is supposed to be a fortress for Owen Da Gama’s charges. But according to Mnisi, they are getting a raw deal when they play the giants of South African football in their own turf. Mnisi, who is not one to shy away from making himself heard, counted numerous incidents to back up his claims. Highlands suffered a heartbreaking 1-0 defeat to Mamelodi Sundowns in their Nedbank Cup quarter-final clash at Makhulong Stadium last month where Keletso Makgalwa grabbed the solitary goal in extra time to break the home side’s hearts. Mnisi says that defeat still haunts Mnisi and keeps him awake at night, considering that Musa Nyatama’s goal was disallowed by referee Victor Hlungwani. Mnisi said he had a good look at the disallowed goal and was left disappointed by the kind of officiating on that particular day. “Nyatama’s goal was not offside, never,” said a furious Mnisi. “We got the wrong end of the stick against Sundowns and it’s something that we are always getting when the big teams, Chiefs and Pirates come here. “We should have won that cup game against Sundowns and that still makes me angry to this day, I’m still upset about it. “I can count the incidents that have continuously cost us matches against the big clubs here in Tembisa until the cows come home. “In a league match against Pirates, Tshegofatso Mabasa scored a goal when he was miles offsides and we lost the game. “Before we got relegated three years ago, we were robbed of two penalties against Sundowns and as a result of that, we went down. “In that year, Chiefs came here, and we were also not given what was due to us and we also lost against them.” Mnisi is hoping that when the big guns visit Makhulong Stadium in the future, the home team will not get raw deals against them. The only thing that he is asking is that they must be given a fair treatment so that they do not have to cry foul at the end of the game. Meanwhile, Siyabengena/Siyabahlaba, as club is fondly known, say that their players are at home with their families during the lockdown and they have been given strict programs to follow by the technical team.