MARITZBURG United have shown signs of intent by tying down one of their most prized assets Richard Ofori. Ofori extended his stay with Maritzburg until the end of the 2020-21 season. The 26-year-old skipper joined the Team of Choice from Wa All-Stars in 2017 from his homeland on a three-year deal, with a one year option to renew. It is that option Maritzburg have exercised as they have an exclusive right to do so despite the player having a little say. This is standard procedure as the player and the club agreed to it when he joined. “Yes, Maritzburg have exercised their option on Ofori,” said the player’s agent Hussein Chamseddine. “Remember, this was not his decision, but that of the club. It is done worldwide.” This doesn’t mean Ofori cannot leave Maritzburg at the end of this season, even though his option has been exercised. The Ghanaian number one has been targeted by Gauteng teams – Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns. Both teams desperately need new blood in goals. At 34, Sundowns’ number one goalie Denis Onyango is no longer a youngster and coach Pitso Mosimane told SunSport in December last year that he was looking for a new goalkeeper. At first, he was keen on Kaizer Chiefs captain Itumeleng Khune, but he was put off by his string of injuries. Pirates, on the other hand, have Wayne Sandilands, but he is turning 37 in July. He has been the preferred goalie this season ahead of Joris Delle and Siyabonga Mpontshane. The two have not covered themselves in glory thus far. Delle has featured in three league matches while Mpontshane has not. But SunSport has revealed that Pirates are leading the race for Ofori’s signature. Pirates were clever by loaning out Tebogo Tlolane to the Maritzburg outfit knowing they might get someone in return. Ofori would now be a better buy. Last season, Pirates had the same arrangement with Eric Tinkler’s Team of Choice when they loaned out Thabiso Kutumela in the second half of the season. The Soweto giants then went out by signing Siphesihle Ndlovu and Fortune Makaringe in an exchange deal for forward Kutumela.