The call for residents to stay indoors and physically distance themselves from one another is falling on deaf ears as residentscontinue with their lives as usual. When cops are in the area residents get indoors but as soon as they leave, it becomes business as usual. “We cannot be inside our houses forever, it’s not easy because these houses are too small and we are big families. It’s like a jail but when we are outside we still try and keep the distance on the streets,”said Zimkitha Bayikani from Philippi. Residents claimed that it is easy to maintain physical distance outside than in their homes. Another resident Xola Mzuzu (35) from Europe squatter camp said he stays in a shack with his three children and his wife. “We sit on the same couch so that we watch TV, we don’t have much space inside so we are always squashed and the problem with zinc material we use to make our shacks, when it is hot they follow that temperature, if it is cold the house become cold as well. So we are forced by circumstances to stay outside,” added Mzuzu. The problem is affecting several kasis around Cape Town. Khayelitsha Development Forum chairperson Ndithini Tyhido said they are disgusted by residents who are defying the calls to stay home. “We note with utter disgust the behavior displayed by some within our communities of attempting to interpret the regulationsas published by the people's government and still engaging in activities that seeks to dodge the regulations at great risk to themselves and others,” said Tyhido. He said some are not even following the sanitation measures such as washing hands. “Some among our residents chose to ridicule ours and our government’s calls for stricter adherence to the conditions of general washing of hands with soap covering your mouth coughing with a  flexed elbow and keeping of two distance between people lockdown and the regulations as published by CoGTA,” he said. Tyhido thanked some residents who are taking the calls seriously. “We really thank the majority who despite their socioeconomic conditions adhere to the regulations,” he added.