WHEN people die, it’s often considered to be God’s will. But the death of Sibusiso Amos (40), who died allegedly at the hands of police, cannot be God’s will. This is what Pastor Smadz Matsepe told the mourners during the funeral service in Vosloorus, on Tuesday. “It is not God's will that unarmed men should be killed by authorities. It is not God's will that children should be injured by bullets.” Yesterday, family friends and community members gathered in Zulu section to pay their tribute and comfort the Amos family. Keeping the number to 50 people to comply with the lockdown restrictions seemed like mission impossible, especially in kasi setup. There was some level of compliance though, as mourners were sanitised when they got to the funeral venue. Some of the people even had masks on, but keeping social distancing was one of the things that seemed hard to do, given the space that was in the small tent. Since not everyone could fit in the tent, some stood in the street. Police visibility was unavoidable at the funeral, every now and then police told mourners to keep space between each other. Controversial Pastor Matsepe, said being at Sibusiso’s funeral reminded him of the 1970s. He said it reminded him of the times when authorities killed black people and wanted to tell you how to mourn. He was referring to the lockdown regulation, which limits the number of people who attended funerals to just 50 people.  Family member Vulindlela Amos (77), uncle to Sibusiso, told mourners that that he was killed exactly two months after he was released from prison. He said he died in a similar manner to another member of the family, who died a few years back, but the difference was that Sibusiso was shot in the yard, while the other family member was shot in the street and died in the house. “What disappointed us is that after they shot him, they didn’t even call an ambulance, or the local police.” He said as the family they don’t know what the killer was thinking, but they have forgiven him.  He said it was painful after the incident happened, but the people who have been coming to comfort them made it easy for them to deal with the pain. “Even the family of the one who did this, came to convey their condolences, we told them we don’t have problem with them because they didn’t send him to do that,” he said. 