Napoleon Hill once said: "It takes half your life before you discover that life is a do-it yourself project." The award winning self-help writer highlights the importance of self-reliance and his quote could be mischievously turned around sexually during this lockdown period. As the president further extended the 21-day lockdown till the end of April, a lot of heads dropped with disappointment as this announcement was made. Our anticipated alcohol reprieval was declined and those of us who were really looking forward to catch up with our partners will need to put that champagne on ice for a while. With all the raging hormones jumping about during this now extended lockdown, couples and partners have to now resort to self-catering methods (masturbation) to get the job done. But is this method healthy? Let's have a look. Masturbation by definition is the self-stimulation of the genitals to achieve sexual arousal and pleasure, usually to the point of orgasm (sexual climax). It is commonly done by touching, stroking, or massaging the penis or clitoris until an orgasm is achieved. Now according to recent statistics, 95% of males and 89% of females masturbate regularly, so with the lockdown extension being passed by the president, will masturbation be an option? Here are some positives around masturbation aka self-catering:  Masturbation causes dopamine, a chemical associated with pleasure, which is released into your body. Simply put, dopamine makes you feel good and puts you in a better mood. On top of that, the hormone oxytocin, which is released during orgasm, lowers cortisol levels. Cortisol is a main stress hormone, and is usually present in high levels in stressed-out people. Touching yourself and climaxing can boost these chemicals and, in result, help you feel more at peace.  Some research suggests that regular ejaculation may lower the risk of prostate cancer, though doctors aren’t exactly sure why. A 2016 study found the risk of prostate cancer decreased by about 20 percent in men who ejaculated at least 21 times a month. A 2003 study also discovered a similar link between frequent ejaculation and lower prostate cancer risk.  Releasing endorphins is a well-known way to help you relax, which is why working out regularly helps you sleep better and more deeply. Sure, sex is physically exhausting in and of itself, but the act of having an orgasm can also cause sleepiness. 