POP singer Danny K was allegedly left high and dry when a R25 000 photoshoot deal soured. The Brown Eyes hitmaker, real name Daniel Koppel, opened a case of fraud at the Norwood Police Station in July. According to a police statement seen by the SunTeam, the 42-year-old singer told cops he was approached by a person, who is known to Sunday Sun but cannot be identified, for a photoshoot deal. The shoot took place in Norwood, Joburg. According to the statement, the person who is a partner to a former Bafana Bafana player told Danny K he wanted to sign him up for the photo shoot and an agreement was sent by email. Read the statement: “Mr (name withheld), Mrs (name withheld) and Mr (Bafana Bafana legend) then said they would pay complainant R25 000 but after the shoot they did not pay Danny K. They told him they want him to be an ambassador for Emirates Airlines and PCP Company but that was false and they did not pay him.” Danny K said the entire deal was a big scam. He said the man and his business partner and the former Bafana Bafana player gave him fraudulent contracts from various companies, including Emirates. He said the pair stopped taking his calls after they failed to pay him for the shoot but promised him more contracts which amounted to R100 000. “I eventually got in touch with the CEO of Emirates South Africa, who denied the contracts I was signing were theirs. This is a legal issue and I’m waiting for justice to happen,” he said. Danny K said former Bafana Bafana striker Benni McCarthy told him he had suffered the same fraudulent activity. “I eventually handed that matter over to my lawyers. They wasted a lot of my time and really pissed me off.” When called for comment, the man denied any fraudulent activity. He said that Danny K signed an agreement which stipulated that he would be paid only if the show they were shooting aired. “It wasn’t a photoshoot, it was a legitimate TV show but never aired in any of the stations we thought it would. I was surprised when I saw that Danny K was actually claiming R200 000 after we explained that the show was not bought by any station.” He said the Emirates deal fell through the cracks but Emirates South Africa didn’t know about it because it was a continental deal. He denied that McCarthy’s case was similar and said the deal also fell through because he was contracted to Cape Town City at the time. Gauteng police spokesperson Kay Makhubele didn’t respond at the time of going to print.