WITH
the Western Cape currently sitting at 657 confirmed positive cases of the
Coronavirus, the shortage of protective gear continues to rise. But
one woman has raised her hand and has offered to assist by freely supplying
masks to impoverished kasis in Cape Town. Through
her NGO called Lulwazi Lwethu, philanthropist, Lulu Nongogo has made fabric
masks in an effort to flatten the curve in the fight against the Covid-19
pandemic. The
masks are re-washable and re-usable, ensuring that they can be used for longer
periods by destitute residents who can't afford to buy masks. Already
Lulu has distributed 1000 masks to various kasis which include Khayelitsha,
Guguletu, KTC, Nyanga, Philippi and Delft. This
week Lulu also donated 300 masks to the KTC Day Clinic where people were
educated about the sympotoms, dangers and precautionary measures to take
against the deadly virus. Lulu said when she first launched the campaign, she
discovered that although people were aware of the the Coronavirus they didn't
take it serious.  She
told Daily Sun: "There was quite a lot of ignorance and jokes about the
virus at first. But I think now that people are seeing cases being reported in
their own townships they are starting to take it serious. They now realise that
everyone can be infected and are taking precautionary measures."
Accompanied by workers and volunteers from her NGO, Lulu goes from Kasi to Kasi
spreading the message of sanitizing or washing hands with soap regularly as she
distributes the masks. And nothing brings joy to her heart more than seeing
people heeding the call Lulu
is grateful for the co-operation she receives from patients in clinics and
residents in various communities. "The
campaign has had a huge impact in them. We are also grateful to the various
ward councillors." Lulu's
great work has also been praised by Cape Town Mayor Dan Plato who said the City
of Cape Town needed more organisations like hers to come on board and assist
communities during this challenging period.