HERE is some important advice from athletics coach Michael “Sponge” Seme: Avoid eating too much or else you will gain a lot of excess weight! This cannot be taken as lightly as when someone says don’t look up, because you will see the sky is blue. It is an important warning to athletes during this lockdown period, when they are sitting home doing nothing. Seme, who discovered Mzansi golden girl and multiple Olympic 800m medalist Caster “Cobra” Semenya, said sitting at home and doing nothing puts athletes in danger of eating too much and getting fat in the process. Seme,the founder of the famous Sponge Group that trains prominent athletes such as Stephen Mokoka, Glenrose Xaba, Sikhumbuzo Seme (his son) and Collen Mulaudzi, advised athletes to avoid being lazy during the lockdown. “I fear some athletes will come back to training out of shape. When you’re sitting at home, the only thing you can do is to eat and watch TV. “The family members are always frying food and drinking lots of different stuff. “Remember that athletes are only human, and they also take part in these activities. “But my advice to them is they must do push-ups, run around the yard and drink lots of water and try to get enough sleep,” said Seme. The modest coach said it’s unacceptable for athletes to get fat as it could ruin their chances of scoring big, paying invitations to take part in major races around the world when life returns to normal. “It’s normal for coaches like me to have big bellies, but athletes must avoid constant eating and drinking beer, as it is not good for them. “They must exercise discipline and remind themselves athletics is a career that helps them to feed their families.” Seme, who these days is working for the Kwa-Zulu Natal athletics federation as their academy coach, said he felt for athletes as most of them rely on sport as their only source of income. But he pleaded with them not to go out and train. “Please don’t risk going out to jog as it can be dangerous. I know there are no events happening because of the coronavirus. Let’s us follow the government rules and regulations and stay at home.” Seme has given his athletes a training programme to follow during this difficult time. He stressed the importance of sticking to the training programme so they can maintain their fitness. “I communicate telephonically with my athletes almost every day and I encourage them to keep on working hard even though they are in self-solation,” concluded Seme.