 The City of
Ekurhuleni closed the Duduza Clinic in Nigel, Gauteng, indefinitely after a
nurse tested positive for Covid-19. According
to mayoral spokesperson Phakamile Mbengashe, the facility and the surrounding
area will be sanitised during the period of closure to kill any traces of the
novel coronavirus on surfaces. The nurse
had attended the prayer breakfast at the Divine Restoration Ministries in Bloemfontein
on 10 March. More than
60 of the 859 churchgoers who attended the prayer gathering, where five
overseas visitors infected with the Covid-19 coronavirus were present, have
since tested positive for the virus. Reverend
Kenneth Meshoe, leader of the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP), Steve
Swart, an ACDP member of Parliament, lay preacher Angus Buchan as well as his
wife Jill, are among those who tested positive. The nurse
underwent a polymerase chain reaction test for Covid-19 on Monday after being
identified as a contact of the Bloemfontein gathering. The results came back
positive on Tuesday and the nurse has subsequently been placed under quarantine
and is under medical observation. Clinical
staff who work at the Duduza clinic and have displayed symptoms of Covid-19
have been tested and are in self-isolation as they await their test results.
Staff who have not displayed symptoms have been placed on special leave to
self-isolate until further notice. Mobile
clinics Potential
contacts are being traced and will be tested for Covid-19 to prevent community
transmissions. Two mobile
clinics will be deployed to the area to serve the community for the period of
the closure. Staff from
surrounding clinics will be deployed to the mobile clinics and will be required
to wear personal protective equipment and implement stringent hygiene protocols
when working with the public. "We
continue to call for calm within our communities as we respond to cases of
Covid-19 in and around Ekurhuleni. What is of the utmost importance is that we
isolate the virus wherever it rears its ugly head," said executive mayor
Mzwandile Masina. "As a
city, we wish our nurse a speedy recovery. It is important that I reiterated
that the fastest way to avert community transmissions of Covid-19 is to stay
home and adhere to the regulations of the 21-day nationwide lockdown,"
said Masina. Masina will
visit and inspect the mobile clinics in Duduza on Thursday. SOURCE:
NEWS24