THREE patients who were quarantined at a Durban hospital are glad to be released. The patients were quarantined at an isolation ward in Clairwood Hospital south of Durban for 14 days said it was like hell. These patients had been diagnosed with Coronavirus (Covid-19) after being in contact with the teacher who died from Covid-19 two weeks ago claim that they were being served stale food which contained maggots and flies. Speaking to the Daily Sun in an interview over the phone one of the patients (34) who asked not to be named said he noticed the maggots while eating last week Friday. "While  I was eating, I spotted maggots in the food. I decided not to eat the food anymore and only drank water, tea and fruits," said the patient.  The patient said there were three of them in the isolation ward and were all discharged yesterday (Friday) and will now continue quarantining at home. "But we are worried about the damage this will have on our health as patients diagnosed with this deadly virus," said the patient. Another patient (40) said she saw a fly in the food that was eaten by another patient last week Wednesday. The patient said after that she then decided to ask her family to bring her food daily. "If it wasn't for my family I would've starved to death because I couldn't eat the hospital's terrible food," said the patient. The patient also revealed that even the nurses were too scared to come to them as they were told to do their own beds. "They would just bring the linens and we had to do it ourselves. They were not availble all the time for us if we needed to ask something," said the patient. The patient said they do not have the symptoms yet, but were in isolation because they had tested positive with Covid-19. "I'm glad that the doctor discharged us yesterday (Friday). I would rather die in the comfort of my home than be fed such terrible food," said the patient. The KZN Health spokesman Ntokozo Maphisa said the department has instituted an investigation into this matter. "The Department is also worried that at no point was any of its staff or senior officials notified of any challenges with the quality of the food, and that the first time hospital management became aware of the matter was when it appeared on social media," said Maphisa. He said the Department wishes to assure the public that it will endeavour, as it has always done, to ensure strict adherence to hygiene and the highest safety standards for patients' food, which is paramount.