NOT even the current coronavirus pandemic can spoil Stellenbosch FC goal ace Iqraam Rayners’ dream debut season in the Absa Premiership. Before the deadly virus brought the season to a halt, the 24-year-old from Mitchells Plain had settled into life in the top-fight of Mzansi football well. He might not have exactly set the PSL alight, but Rayners is proving to be one of the better performers. The speedy forward had registered five goals and provided six assists in 22 matches for the Premiership rookies. This might be some way off the 19 goals he managed in the GladAfrica Championship last season to finish as the division’s top scorer, but the importance of this season’s goals has perhaps been just as big. His goals are contributing towards saving the Cape Winelands outfit from the dreaded relegation axe that was hovering above them earlier in the season. Rayners insists that he will always look back at his first season in the PSL fondly, regardless of how it ends. “It’s been a good season for me and the team, so far,” Rayners said. “The goal, obviously, is to keep the club in the PSL, come the end of the season. We all have been working hard to try and achieve that. “It has not been easy, but I have enjoyed every minute of it. It has always been my goal to play in the PSL. “I’m happy with how things have penned out so far. Obviously, I would have liked to score more goals to help the team. “But we have done well to get ourselves out of the danger zone we were in at the beginning.” Rayners is aware that the Stellies are still not out of the woods just yet, despite currently being 11th on the Premiership standings. They had managed to collect 27 points from 24 matches before the enforced break due to the pandemic. The PSL season was suspended last month due to the Covid-19 outbreak. “The situation now with the virus is not ideal but the important thing right now is the safety of everyone,” added Rayners. “We need to follow the regulations and hope that things get back to normal soon. We all miss football. “We all want to get back to the field and do what we love. We want to finish the season.”