SUSPENDED AmaZulu coach Jozef Vukusic says it’s frustrating sitting at home without knowing when he will resume his job. Vukusic was placed on special leave by Usuthu management on 3 March for internal matters they refused to divulge to the public. His assistant Ayanda Dlamini was given the huge task by management to help the team move away from the Absa Premiership relegation zone. Dlamini gave them hope when he guided AmaZulu to a huge, surprise 1-0 victory over Soweto giants and league leaders Kaizer Chiefs in his first league game in charge. Vukusic didn’t want to dwell on his future with the Durban-based outfit. He also could not shed light on whether he will be in charge of Usuthu’s remaining six league matches or not. AmaZulu are second from bottom on the Premiership table, tied with Polokwane City and Baroka FC on 23 points from 24 matches. He joined the club in September last year when he replaced Cavin Johnson, who was shown the door after losing the opening five league games. Vukusic collected 18 points in 18 matches at the helm where he recorded five wins, three draws and 10 defeats. “I don’t want to comment about this issue (his suspension), management said I must keep quiet,” he said. “We are on lockdown and we don’t know when the league will resume. I am in Durban and my biggest problem is my family who are also on a lockdown in Slovakia. We communicate via video call and it’s tough because life is not normal for us. But personally I am okay.” Sports events worldwide have been suspended due to the deadly coronavirus. The 55-year-old stressed that not being able to go to the beach has also added to his boredom. “I try to do some exercises, watch football matches on TV, do analysis and prepare some concepts. Then after that I watch movies and then communicate with my wife and daughter. I don’t go out that much, before I used to go to the ocean to enjoy jogging and swimming.” Vukusic says it’s more difficult not knowing when the season will resume or end, since he had already made plans with his family. “I had planned to go home on 9 May and it’s not nice not knowing when the season will finish. Soccer is now second because the important thing is to solve this issue of coronavirus. We all miss soccer and the fans.”