UNIONS are calling for their workers to refuse to work if they are not provided with protection during this outbreak of Coronavirus (Covid-19). The unions said workers cant risk their lives and those of their families simply because the health department is not providing them with mask. DENOSA'S KZN provincial secretary Mandla Shabangu told Daily Sun since the virus erupted the department has been saying that South Africa is ready should the virus come and they have been warning them. He said now that the virus is here they are not ready. "About 22 hospitals and clinics across KZN have informed us that they are not provided with masks. We have therefore asked them to withdraw their services," he said. He said some told them that they have been told to re-use the masks. "Others tell us that they were asked to put them into microwaves and re-use them. That is totally wrong," he said. He said they have asked those working as front liners not to work if they are not given N95 masks. And NEHAWU national spokesman Khaya Xaba told Daily Sun that they have  written to the Minister of Health, Dr Zwelini Mkhize to demand that the Department of Health complies with the Occupational Health and Safety Act. He said they are shocked that their members who include doctors, nurses, cleaners, ambulance and morgue workers are still highly exposed to occupational risk as they are forced to work without the necessary Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). "We sent a letter to the minister but there was no response. Today we are going to the High Court on an urgent basis seeking an interdict on behalf of our members against their unlawful and reckless exposure to occupational risk to their health and safety," said Xaba. He said government has a role to play in protecting their members. "While our members are on the front line of fighting the virus it is important that they are given all the necessary PPE’s and sanitisers. The safety of our members is a non-debatable matter and we will fight until the bitter end," said Xaba. Meanwhile, patients who go to KwaMashu Community Healthcare Centres are complaining that they are forced to line up outside before the clinic opens at 8am. They said it would've been better if they were allowed to line up within the clinics  premises because as they stand in the snaking lines outside the premises they will be victims of robbery. They also complained that the elderly and those that are too sick to stand are not provided with chairs. One of the residents Andile Dlamini from J section KwaMashu north of Durban said he arrived at 5am at the clinic because he had a running stomach at night. He said but he had to stand in the long line as they were not allowed inside. "Social distancing is also not oberved here. We are standing close to each other," he said. And another patients who was at the old clinic said she Cr arrived at 6 am to fetch her ARVs but arrived to find the long line. "They are taking ten people at a time. It means we will stand here the whole day. Our privacy is also violated here as we are standing next to the road," she said.The KZN MEC for Health Nomagugu Simelane-Zulu told Daily Sun that they are not aware of the situation faced by KwaMashu patients but they will follow-up on it and see what can be done in this regard. "But we have recently started informing clinics and hospitals on how they should tell people to adhere to social distancing," said Simelane Zulu.