NORTH West Premier Job Mokgoro has appealed to people to come together and fight the Covid-19 virus. He was speaking to people at the Rustenburg Taxi Rank where he also handed out sanitisers, gloves and face masks. The premier was leading a delegation that was rolling out a massive screening campaign that is expected to last this whole week in the province. He spoke out on communities stigmatising those affected by the virus. He said people are being transported daily who could be carrying the virus. "If a passenger enters a taxi with a positive status, people will be quick to stigmatise them. Just like people were doing to innocent people infected with HIV/Aids. Our government is pleading with all of us to practice safety measures. This is a virus that thrives on surface areas. And often travels through saliva," he said. The premier added that it is important for South Africa to come together and fight the virus. He said people should stop name-calling and gossiping about those infected. "These are natural things we cannot run away from. People don't get the virus because of being naughty or irresponsible. Some of these things people didn't see it and touched someone infected," he said. Taxi operator Thabo Dlamini said it is important for them to be provided with resources to fight the virus as the biggest carriers of people. "This is a smart gesture from the government. As taxi drivers, we deal with many people and we don't know who might have and who might not have this virus. We need every resource available to make sure our passengers are safe and that there is no transmission of this virus," said Thabo. North West Chairman of the South African National Taxi Council (Santaco) Paul Sebegoe said taxi operators will continue providing their services to the public. He pleaded for drivers to be left alone to do their work. He said if there are problems as leadership they should come together and solve them. "We do not mind parking our taxis and stop working because we don't have the resources. But some people need our services. We are observing the issue of the 70% loading capacity. Even though it is hurting our pockets. But for the sake of our government and leadership we will continue to provide the services," he said.