IF Mamelodi Sundowns thought Emiliano Tade was in football retirement, then they had better check his profile. The Argentine is enjoying his best form, banging in goals for New Zealand club Auckland City. Plagued by injuries, Tade made a shock announcement to quit Sundowns and return home in Auckland in December, to focus on “other things besides football”. According to Downs coach Pitso Mosimane, Tade explained that football was too much for him with niggling injuries and that he couldn’t carry on anymore. But it would seem the 31-year-old had no other plan than to continue playing football, seeing as he rejoined former club Auckland City where he was announced as a high profile signing earlier this year.In fact, Tade has been impressive for his new team, netting five goals in seven matches. However, the question remains: was he genuine in his decision to have his contract annulled... or did he dupe Sundowns into terminating his two-year deal? The Brazilians spent well over R10 million in signing on fee and on monthly salaries for Tade, and this excludes his R15 million transfer figure from AmaZulu. Terminating his contract would mean Auckland City never had to pay Sundowns a cent for Tade’s transfer as he travelled back to New Zealand as a free agent. “Emiliano had a good few years in South Africa and came to a situation where things were changing for him personally and was looking ahead to what that mean for him,” said City coach Jose Figueira, when he welcomed Tade back. “We had a conversation about him coming back and I’m delighted he made that choice to come back.” According to City, Tade felt the time was right, “now being on the other side of 30” to make a return to a club where he previously scored an amazing 107 goals in 162 appearances. Tade sounded happy to be back, saying his return really felt like coming home. “It felt like a dream for me. I’ve been talking to a lot of friends and with my fiancee and this felt like I have been away on a short trip, and everything feels familiar – I’m home,” Tade told AucklandCityfc.com. “Jose played a huge role in my return and was perhaps the most important factor. I spoke to him about coming back and my intentions to play in New Zealand again, and we worked on the visa situation.” At the time of his departure, Sundowns said they had no right to stand in Tade’s way, even though his departure was financially a big loss for them, adding that it was the right thing to do at the time.