FORMER SuperSport United coach Gordon Igesund was left shocked and surprised that Dean Furman will leave the Tshwane giants at the end of the current Absa Premiership season. The Premiership, like most leagues worldwide, is suspended due to coronavirus pandemic. However, the Durban-born coach has no doubt the outgoing club captain made his mark in the side and will go down as a club legend. Furman told SunSport last year that this was his last season with the club and will return to the United Kingdom to be with his family, ending four and half seasons with Matsatsantsa. Since Igesund brought the 31-year-old midfielder to SuperSport in the second half of the 2014-15 season from Doncaster Rovers, Furman has won two MTN trophies as well as two Nedbank cups. “I brought him because he has character as well as being a fighter. He doesn’t have the flair of other South African players, but he’s no nonsense player,” said Igesund. “He is a top holding midfielder. He wins the ball quickly, gets it back quickly, plays it early and he can make good passes. “The closest player to Furman for me at the moment is Hlompho Kekana (Mamelodi Sundowns captain). “He does all the dirty work in the team. He’s a type of player that any team needs.” Igesund, who is the only coach to have won the PSL title four times with four different clubs during his era, knows Furman’s strengths and weaknesses well. It was the former Orlando Pirates coach who not only brought Furman to SuperSport when he was in charge of the club, he also gave the player his big break when he was coach of Bafana Bafana. Furman made his Bafana debut against Brazil in September 2012 and has since made 56 appearances, scoring four goals. One of those was a penalty against Mali in the Nelson Mandela Challenge in October last year, in what was coach Molefi Ntseki’s first game in charge. At the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals in Egypt, he was the most capped player in the squad, featuring in three out of five Bafana matches. At first, many people were sceptical of Furman. But he proved the doubters wrong and will leave a huge hole in SuperSport’s side which will be difficult to fill. “Sadly, I got a lot of stick when I brought him in. But the rest is history. I wish him the best in his next chapter (of his career),” revealed Igesund.