AT THE beginning of the season, not many would have given new kids on the block JDR Stars a chance in the GladAfrica Championship. The Tshwane-based outfit who were promoted from the ABC Motsepe League were expected to struggle at the higher level. However, the Hammer Boys, as they are affectionately known, had other ideas and it looked like it was the Championship that was not ready for them. They brushed aside more fancied opponents to get off to a flying start and signal their intentions for the season. “It felt good to keep proving people wrong with every win we managed to get,” said Stars’ owner and coach Nditsheni Nemasisi. “We knew coming into the Championship that we would be underestimated. “But that only seemed to work in our favour. Every time we stepped onto the pitch, we were determined to pull off an upset.” Of course, this season has not been all smooth sailing for the Hammer Boys. Their impressive start to the season was undone by a dip in form that saw them fall down to fifth place, where they currently lie after 24 matches. This, however, was something Nemasisi was expecting. “I have been running this team for some time. I knew that we would go through a difficult phase at some point,” said Nemasisi. “That phase is always there but how you deal with it determines where you finish at the end of the season. We have to stay focused and not panic. I told the boys before the break due to the coronavirus that no one wins the league with 90 points, at some point things will be tough. “We have done very well, so people are expecting more from us. We have to deliver at the end.” At 38, Nemasisi is the youngest owner of all 32 teams affiliated to the Premier Soccer League (PSL). He has aspirations of becoming the first owner/coach to take a club from outside the professional ranks all the way up to the land of milk and honey. “I don’t know if there is someone who has done that before, but I want to achieve it,” added Nemasisi. “I’ve always wanted to coach in the PSL and once I achieve that, then maybe I can step aside and let someone else take over the coaching duties. But I doubt my passion would allow me to not be involved with football in any way.”