Gone are the days when you would sit for hours on end at a sangomas hut, waiting to spend thousands of rands on umuthi to keep your partner. Gone are the days when you would need to visit Dr Love, whose advert you saw in a pamphlet where he promises to bring your long last lover back or keep your lover's eyes on you. Times have changed and should you want to create a love potion to keep the love in your relationship burning, then here are a few love oils you can mix for yourself in the comfort of your own home:  Should you want to get the mood right like Johnny Gill, then all you need are these perfect blends of oils to make her fall in love with you. With three drops of Sandalwood oil, three drops of Jasmine oil and four drops of cinnamonbark oil. You have created the perfect love potion to get her to say your name like Destiny's Child.  Should you want to save a couple of rands on buying a bunch of roses for her, then you can create a rose petal scent wit a bed of roses potion. All you need is two drops of Patchouli oil, five drops of geranium oil and two drops of bergamot oil and you would've created a bed of roses scent to get her in the mood.  Should you want that fresh summer feeling in your relationship, then put together this beautiful potion that will bring Summer in Winter. All you need is two drops of cedarwood oil, five drops of Chamomile oil and two drops of Sweet Orange oil to rekindle that fresh summer romance.  Should you want something that will keep your hands on each other, then you have to mix this potion that will say touch me now. All you need is two drops Frankincense oil, five drops of ylang ylang oil and three drops of lavender oil and the touching will never stop.  South African house music trio Micasa in 2011 released a smash hit called Heavenly Sent. The song speaks about how a boy meets this beautiful girl whose beauty is out of this world. Should you also want an out of body experience with your partner, then this potion is for you. With three drops of lavender oil, three drops of eucalyptus oil, three drops of sweet orange oil, two drops of peppermint and two drops tree tea oil. You are ready for a one way ticket to heaven with your partner.