A 33-year-old former security guard from Botshabelo, Free State was arrested hiding at his friend's places on Thursday. This is after his girlfriend Dikeledi Dieketseng Masakala  (32) was found dead three days after she left her home with the suspect. The suspect has been on the run for 12 days with no trace. Dikeledi's sister Mapaseka Masakala (30) said they are happy following the arrest of the suspect. "Our prayers have been answered, we had hope that my sister's evil boyfriend's run would soon came to an end. What he did was senseless and we hope that the law does it's job and gave him a life sentence. I have not been able to sleep after discovering my sister's dead body last week. At least we as a family would be at peace knowing the suspect is behind bars" The suspect is reported to have been seen relieving himself two days ago by concerned residents who alerted police about the suspect's whereabouts. Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said, "A 33-year-old suspect is in custody for alleged murder of his 32-year-old girlfriend. Police were summoned to a shack in Section L, Botshabelo on 14 April 2020 after Dikeledi Masakala aged 32 was found dead on the bed. According to preliminary  investigation she left her home on 11 April 2020 at about 15:00 to visit her boyfriend and she had informed her family that she will be back before dark. She did not come back and on the 14 April 2020 her family went to the said shack to look for her. The shack belonging to the suspect’s uncle was locked and he was called to come and unlock his shack. Upon unlocking the door the family found their daughter dead on the bed and police were summoned to the scene. “A case of murder was opened for investigation, and the boyfriend was apprehended in the early hours of Thursday 23 April 2020 sleeping at his friend’s place at Section U, Botshabelo. He is expected to appear before Botshabelo Magistrates’ Court soon. Police appeals to community members to report missing people immediately to their nearest police station," said Makhele