VETERAN Mamelodi Sundowns winger Anthony Laffor says he is ready to fight for his place in coach Pitso Mosimane’s starting line-up. The Liberian has never kicked a ball this year as he’s been recovering from a knee injury sustained at the end of last year. Said Laffor: “I have gone through rehab and went to see the doctor. “I started training before the forced break due to coronavirus. “I did everything well as I was part of the players that went to camp before the break.” The 35-year-old insists his future still looks bright in the Brazilians’ colours and he has no plans of going anywhere. “I renewed my contract last year for a year and half. I still have a year to go before my contract lapses. But it’s frustrating now because we are not playing. “It’s not only in South Africa, but all leagues throughout the world have also been closed. I have been training hard at home and I try not to think about the virus. I still have a lot to offer the club.” Although Downs have what it takes to overtake Premiership leaders Kaizer Chiefs in a bid to retain their title, Laffor stressed they will tread carefully. The Tshwane giants are four points behind Amakhosi on 44 points from 21 matches and have a game in hand. “We don’t know what Chiefs are doing. We will focus on ourselves and take one game at a time.” Laffor is pleading with Mzansi’s football fraternity to adhere to President Cyril Ramaphosa’s instructions to overcome the deadly pandemic. “I have made an awareness about the virus on my Facebook page. My family in Liberia are okay, but we already have two cases there. This virus is real and if they don’t take it seriously, numbers will increase like here in SA, where we have more than 1 000 cases now. The most important thing is to focus on avoiding the virus right now, so our fans should stay at home, washing their hands thoroughly because this is no joke. “They should follow the rules and regulations to stay safe. I just hope and pray we are all safe when the season resumes,” said Laffor.