TWO nyaope boys have make it a habit to steal from a local church. Electric box, Clothes and chairs were stolen from Victory Bible Church in Reagile Section in Ledig outside Rustenburg in North West on Sunday. Two addicts were seen breaking into a church building day light while everyone should the in their homes during these trying times when the country is fighting the spread of COVID-19. When a neighbour started shouting, ba utswa ditilo tsa kereke( They are stealing chairs from the church) a neighbourhood that had locked themselves in their houses due to the lockdown came out in numbers. "We wanna deal with these boys. We are tired of having to deal with young boys who don't  have respect," community members shouted. "When they crave a fix and don't have money they make a plan to seal from the community" When the community was ready to take the law into their own hands, someone suggested that they rather take them to where they took everything they had stolen. A neighbour of the church Mable John said when their dog kept barking she got suspicious and went outside. "I saw two men around the age of twenty, the one was handing out chairs to the other one over the fence." "I immediately asked someone to call the pastor and neighbours came out of the their houses" "What is frustrating is that the law doesn't seem to be of any help to us.You open a case they arrest them, the next day you see them on the streets again, said Mable. Victory Bible Church pastor Salva Vilamculos  who stays few houses from the church said she was heartbroken. "When called around 12:00 in the afternoon that people are stealing from the church on Sunday I cound not hold my tears,"she siad. The emotional pastor said it was not the first time this happens. I struggle to believe that people we know and live with are the ones stealing from the church. Its Easter Sunday, we are adhering to the lockdown regulations and thieves see it as an opportunity to break in, she said. "Am really devastated, that there people who don't have  respect towards the church or even God." "I don't understand why someone could steal from a place God watches all the time," "We called the police, a case will be opned. We wil let the law take its cause, and we hope justice shall be served," She said. SEE VIDEO BELOW: 