ACTOR and kwaito artist Israel ‘GP Ma Orange” Matseke Zulu is fuming after he was falsely accused shooting one of Stjwetla residents dead.  The accusation comes after one of the resident was shot allegedly shot and killed during an altercation between the Stjwetla residents in Alex and those from Malboro Extension over illegal connection of electricity.  But he came out guns blazing and dismissed he has killed a person using an AK-47 rifle.  In a statement, Ma Orange said he was woken up by calls of worried family members and fans today who saw the allegation thorough social media.  On Facebook, a user by the name of "Helper Baloyi" said, “GP MaOrange killed a person today Morning by AK47 in Setswetla".  The post further alleges in subsequent replies that I killed this person over illegal electricity connections.  “While the incident indeed happened outside my house, I would like to indicate that at the time the confrontation started on Sunday morning and guns got drawn, I was in my house sleeping.  “I am told that these people are the same ones who came a day earlier on Saturday and tried to force to connect electricity illegally around our areas in Malboro extension.”  He said on Saturday the community stood against the Stjwetla residents and insisted that illegality cannot happen under their watch.  The substation the Stjwetla resident wanted to connect from had apparently had problems due to overloading, it has blew up a few times in the past.  When they returned today Sunday I am told there was a scuffle and guns were pulled. One person unfortunately died when one of the guns went off.  The police attended the scene and are better off with details of what happened.  “However I refute the reports on social media that I am the one who killed a person and i used an AK47 to do so.  “These false reports have the potential to damage my brand and reputation, they are malicious in nature, and may even create unnecessary enemies for me. I am an Actor and Musicians and reports like these may make it difficult for me to make a living.”  Ma Orange went to the Alexandra Police Station to open a case with the police over the allegations.  “I want people to stop spreading fake rumours about me on Social Media as they are not only damaging but also create unnecessary panic from family and friends,” he said.