The country's biggest metropolitan municipalities, including
Johannesburg, Cape Town and eThekwini, could remain at the highest risk levels
in terms of a new coronavirus risk level management system announced by
President Cyril Ramaphosa on Thursday night. According to two Cabinet-level documents seen by News24,
these cities, as well as the metropolitan areas of Buffalo City (East London)
and Mangaung (Bloemfontein) could remain at level 5 – the highest – when the
easing of lockdown restrictions commence next Friday. In his address to the nation on Thursday, the president said
roughly 75% of Covid-19 cases in South Africa are concentrated in metropolitan
municipalities which, as a result, pose the biggest risk of a sharp increase in
infections as economic restrictions are partially lifted. Densely populated cities around the world have borne the
brunt of the Covid-19 impact, with healthcare systems quickly becoming
overwhelmed as the virus spread rapidly. Ramaphosa highlighted the critical situation in these metros
in a televised address on Thursday night, during which he announced a phased
approach to lifting the lockdown, due to end on 30 April. He said that, as of 1 May, the lifting of the lockdown will
be based on a risk assessment in each of the country's districts, cities and
provinces. Each one will receive an assessment from level 1 to 5, with 5 being
the highest risk. The country is currently at level 5, which means it is in
full lockdown, but will move to level 4 on 1 May, Ramaphosa said. The risk assessment levels work as follows: The five levels of coronavirus risk assessment According to a presentation document prepared for Cabinet
and seen by News24, the hardest hit districts from around the country include
eThekwini (Durban) in KwaZulu-Natal with 416 cases as of 20 April. In Gauteng, the Sandton and Alexandra areas have the most
cases with a total of 187, followed by Northcliff and Randburg at 120.
Ennerdale and Orange Farm were at 98. In the Western Cape, the Cape Town metro was identified as
having 229 cases. Bloemfontein had 89 coronavirus cases. East London in the
Buffalo City metro tallied 102 cases. Emphasising the need for people not to travel, Ramaphosa
said that the significant spread of the virus was, significantly, linked to two
events in the Eastern Cape and the Free State. "We know, for example, that just one funeral in Port St
Johns and one religious gathering in Mangaung contributed to a spate of
infections in their respective provinces. "It is therefore essential that we do everything in our
means to restrict the movement of people and – although it runs counter to our
very nature – to reduce the contact that each of us has with each other,"
Ramaphosa said. "If people do not travel, the virus does not
travel," he added. Covid-19 tracker: All the latest figures as the coronavirus
spreads in SA Health Minister Zweli Mkhize sent a specialist team, led by
senior epidemiologists, medical doctors and other specialists, to the Eastern
Cape this week to address the steep increase in cases there.  Documents from the Presidency seen by News24 indicate the
situation in the metros is so serious, that they could remain on a higher level
than the rest of the country, where significantly lower numbers of cases are
being found. The metros, and the country, are all currently rated a level
5 risk. As of 1 May, the national level would be reduced to level 4. However, the president gave no indication of what will
happen in the metros when the phased out approach kicks in, and no final
decisions have been taken as to whether any parts of the country will remain on
full lockdown. What is clear is that the lockdown will be lifted in various
levels, which could differ from province to province, city to city, and even at
district level. SOURCE: NEWS24