SUPERSPORT UNITED midfielder Aubrey Modiba’s collapsed move to Mamelodi Sundowns affected his performance at Matsatsantsa a Pitori. The Limpopo-born footballer was determined to play for his Tshwane rivals, but the move didn’t materialise. And he had no choice but to continue with life at the three-time league champions. His performance in the field of play took a nosedive and management and the technical team had to come in and help the talented midfielder to get his act together and reshape his career. Modiba has penned a four-year contract extension until 2024. CEO Stan Matthews explained how the player was badly affected by the failed move. “The boy’s performance was affected in a big way. His head dropped and he was no longer the Aubrey we once knew. But after having a heart-to-heart discussion with him and offering him a new contract, he started to see things differently,” said Matthews. Modiba is now part and parcel of the club and is hoping to repay the faith shown in him by Matsatsantsa a Pitori. Said Modiba: “It’s difficult not playing football now due to the Coronavirus and we are hopeful that we’ll be able to return to the field of play soon. “It’s not easy for everyone, but we must accept things the way they are. Right now, I’m committed to and my focus is on Matsatsantsa a Pitori.” One player who dealt with the setback of a collapsed move to Sundowns and didn’t allow it to affect his performance on the field, is Bidvest Wits striker Gift Motupa. Just like Modiba, Motupa could have also ended up playing for the nine-time league champions. But just like his fellow footballer, who also hails from Limpopo, things didn’t go as planned. When asked how he had moved on, Motupa said: “Life happens. You need to be professional and keep playing, focus on the job at hand and not worry about things that are beyond your control.” Matthews said: “It’s not easy for players, but you have to help them understand that they need to get their house in order and focus on the game. Footballers are human. They also go through stuff.”