For almost everyone around the world, Covid-19 has turned our lives upside down. The majority of working professionals and students have had to work and study from home due to lockdown regulations. If you were told two months ago that you’ll have an opportunity to work from home for three weeks, for some people that would sound like a dream. And although this "dream" has become a reality for some people, staying indoors, staring at the same corners of your house and chilling in your pajamas all day can get boring very quickly. This boredom can result in you becoming unproductive and lazy. If you have been feeling or have been unproductive since the lockdown started, it’s okay. You still can change things around to get your mind, body and soul use to the temporary situation. Part of being a more productive person, or to go back to being productive as you used to be is creating a set routine. Majority of us had set routines that helped us be productive in our day-to-day lives. Wake the same time, go to work the same time, have lunch the same time etc. Developing a good lockdown routine can help you become more productive if you have not been. Do keep in mind, in developing your own new lockdown routine, it’s important to keep your new routine almost the same as your pre-lockdown routine. For example, if you start work at a specific time, still start work at that time during lockdown, if you went to sleep at a specific time, still go to sleep at that same time too. Here’s an example of a good lockdown routine: -  Set your alarm at the same time you would when going to work. - Start exercising in the morning. Exercise will help give you energy, release endorphins, and relieve stress. - Eat breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks the same time you did pre-lockdown. If you took an hour lunch break during the day, do make sure you still do the same. - Take tea and bathroom breaks throughout the time you spend in front of your computer, laptop and books. - Knock off the same time everyday as you normally would. - Spend your evenings resting or developing a new hobby or getting better at your current skills. - Go to sleep at the same time you did pre-lockdown. 