GLADAFRICA Championship side Jomo Cosmos are one of a few teams that desperately needed a break to rethink and re-evaluate their strategy for the remainder of the season. Before the deadly coronavirus brought everything to a halt, Ezenkosi were struggling in the second tier of Mzansi’s football and in danger of being relegated further down. They were on a three game losing run and had managed to win just two of their last eight matches in all competitions, a woeful run of form that was showing no signs of improving. Ezenkosi might have survived the dreaded drop from a similar position last season, however, the signs are looking ominous this term with no guarantee they could pull off the great escape twice. They are desperate not to follow in the footsteps of Moroka Swallows and Santos, other former PSL sides to fall as far down as the ABC Motsepe League. And as those clubs have found out, it is a tough task to claw your way back to the top after plunging as low as the third tier. As things stand, 15th placed Cosmos along with bottom side Royal Eagles, are hot favourites to suffer the drop once the league resumes. But Cosmos boss and coach, Jomo Sono, is as optimistic as always, telling SunSport: “At the end of next season, I’ll gain promotion or I will retire.” He added: “I know our position on the log but I am not even worried about relegation. I can assure you I’ll be back in the PSL because I’m going to get promotion, you can hold me to that.” The lengthy break could work in Cosmos’ favour as it has given them a chance to recharge their batteries and go back to the drawing board to correct a number of their mistakes. It is also a chance to remind the players, just in case they had forgotten, that in Cosmos, they represent one of the biggest brands in Mzansi’s diski circles. Cosmos captain, Ange Lebahi, told SunSport that he and his teammates need to rebuild the brand and ensure the club returns to where it belongs. “As players, we need to fight and get results. If we continue this way, it’ll end up looking like we lack the drive and the club boss (Jomo Sono) will get other players to do the job,” Lebahi added.