MZANSI's prisons are dealing with 78 cases of the corona virus. In just a week since the East London Correctiona Centre reported the first case in prisons,the numbers have now shot up including another three facilities. The Medium C Female Centre official who tested positive attended a funeral in Port St Johns where she interacted with people from overseas. The Eastern Cape health department and provincial continues to call everyone who attended the Port St John's funeral as well as another in a kasi in Port Elizabeth to come forward for testing.Department spokesman Singabakho Nxumalo said "There are 78 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in East London, St Albans prison in Port Elizabeth and head office in Pretoria. This includes 53 inmates and 25 officials. "The department has activated its disaster management response strategy and health care teams are on site to monitoring those inmates likely to be admitted," he said . "The appropriate safe escorts will be employed to limit the risk of officials and hospitals receiving inmates in need of care." "We are now splitting out-of-cell time for the distribution of food. This will mean that units or wings are divided in order to avoid concentration of inmates and officials in open spaces," said Nxumalo. Twenty-five Correctional Services officials, 23 of whom are in East London and one in St Albans prison have now tested positive for Covid-19, bringing the total number of cases within the Department, including the four inmates tested positive in East London to 29. An insider at St Alban's prison told Daily Sun that the deadly virus left staff frightened. He said "We dont know who have this virus among us, let alone offenders. It become worse when our colleagues who we have been in interacting with have been place in quarantine." "In addition to the fear of contracting this virus we also face a reality of us being short staffed we used to be short staffer before this virus now it became worse because our colleagues have been place in quarantine that put our lives in danger." "We are working under dangerous and stressful environment, where everyone from staff to inmate are in a state of panic," said the Warden. An inmate at St Albans Maximum said "Government says people must avoid crowded places but here we are breathing overcrowding, cells are accommodating more offenders than they are disigned to hold means that we are vulnerable to this virus."