WELL-TRAVELLED coach Vladislav Heric is set to be fired as Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila coach, when he returns from his home country, Serbia. This was revealed to SunSport by a source close to the GladAfrica Championship side’s president Masala Mulaudzi. Heric was appointed Tshakhuma coach for the remainder of the season in December. But the former Free State Stars and Black Leopards coach is believed to have fallen out with Mulaudzi, who is well-known for not hesitating when it comes to showing coaches the exit door. “Mulaudzi is no longer happy with Heric,” said the source. “He’s angry with Heric after he defied his order in their 1-0 league defeat by JDR Stars at the Giant Stadium in Soshanguve on 14 February. Mulaudzi ordered Heric not to sit on the bench as he had just returned from special leave in Serbia. “Mulaudzi wanted assistant coach Lucky Nelukula to continue with the team as he has been doing well in Heric’s absence. But Heric coached and they lost, and that angered Mulaudzi.” Added the source: “Heric could have been fired by now. He was helped by the coronavirus crisis which forced him to return to Serbia to look after his dad, who is not doing well. Heric has been charged and is due to face a disciplinary hearing where he will be fired.” If indeed Heric gets sacked, the53-year-old will be the third mentor after Erol Ekbay and Moma Medic were in charge of the Venda-based side earlier in the season. Tshakhuma are currently fourth on the log with 38 points with six games remaining. They are 10 points behind runaway leaders Ajax Cape Town who are on 48 points. But Vhadau Vha Damani are now fighting for a promotional play-offs spot and Mulaudzi is putting his trust on Nelukula. SunSport tried to get comment from Tshakhuma CEO Sello Chokoe but his phone has been off the whole week. Nelukula said he doesn’t know anything about him taking over the team. “I don’t want to talk about that. All I know is that Heric is our coach and has been on special leave,” he said. “What I can tell you is that, as a technical team, we support our coach all the time. Every coach, who has been here we supported him. “What’s important to us is to see Tshakhuma in the Absa Premiership. Nothing else.”