THE nation
will have to endure the lockdown a little longer to save lives and get the
country back on its feet again. This was
the plea by President Cyril Ramaphosa as he extended the lockdown to curb the
spread of the Coronavirus for another two weeks when he addressed the nation on
Thursday night. Ramaphosa
also announced that the total number of new confirmed cases has risen to 1934. The
president explained that even though the lockdown has achieved desirable
results in decreasing the infection rate of the disease from around 42% to 4%,
it would prove disastrous and reverse the gains if the lockdown was to be
lifted soon. “After
careful consideration of the available evidence, the National Coronavirus
Command Council has decided to extend the nation-wide lockdown by a further two
weeks beyond the initial 21 days. “This means
that most of the existing lockdown measures will remain in force until the end
of April,” he said. The
president thanked the nations for having patient and compliant with regulations
published, saying he understood how this has affected their lives. He said
extending the lockdown was imperative to further curb the spread of the virus
although he was aware of the economic knock by the measure. “We will
use the coming days to evaluate how we will embark on risk-adjusted measures
that can enable a phased recovery of the economy, allowing the return to
operation of certain sectors under strictly controlled conditions. “ I am
keenly aware of the impact this will have on our economy. But I know, as you
do, that unless we take these difficult measures now unless we hold to this
course for a little longer, the coronavirus pandemic will engulf, and ultimately
consume, our country “President Ramaphosa: We all want the economy to come back
to life, we want people to return to work, we want our children to go back to
school, and we all want to be able to move freely again,” he said. Ramaphosa
said the immediate priority must remain to slow down the spread of the virus
and to prevent a massive loss of life. This must be done while preventing the
economy from collapse and saving people from hunger. “As we
confront this disease in our country, we are part of a great global effort that
is bringing humanity together in ways that many never thought possible. “For many,
it will be difficult to spend this time without their friends and family. I ask
that you keep in your thoughts tonight all in our land who are vulnerable,
destitute and alone. I ask that you give what you can to alleviate their
burden,” he said. He said the
country will have to draw from its strengths, abundant natural resources,
advanced infrastructure, deep financial markets,  proven capabilities in information and
communication technology as well as the depth of talent among our people. He further
appealed to the people to continue keeping others safe by respecting
restrictions. Ramaphosa
said the government’s strategy was threefold in fighting the virus. “ Firstly,
an intensified public health response to slow down and reduce infections.
Secondly, a comprehensive package of economic support measures to assist
businesses and individuals affected by the pandemic. Thirdly, a programme of
increased social support to protect poor and vulnerable households. “As the government, together with our many
partners, we have used this lockdown period to both refine and intensify our
public health strategy to manage the coronavirus,” he said. He also
unveiled stimulus packages to help those affected by the lockdown and that he,
Deputy President David Mabuza and all cabinet ministers will take a one third
pay cut for the next three months. The funds will be donated to the Solidarity
Fund.