A second female official from the East London Correctional Centre has tested positive for Covid-19. The second patient who is a direct contact with official from medium C female prison known as Westbank that tested positive for of Coronavirus earlier this week. The first official tested positive was part of a group of 100 people who flouted lockdown regulations and had travelled to attended a funeral in Majola, Port St Johns during the last weekend of March. Department spokesman Singabakho Nxumalo said "Department and the National Institute for Communicable Diseases has tested 73 officials, after the confirmation of a positive case of COVID-19 at a female correctional facility in the East London Correctional Centre. "The figure is inclusive of the 32 officials who were asked to self-isolate at home, as they came into contact with the first positive case," he said "A second female official, who used the services of a private laboratory for testing much earlier in the week, has received her results and it is also a positive case. As a result, this brings the total number of COVID-19 positive cases to two officials. Nxumalo said "The inmates were also screened, and a total of 31 had already been tested so far. The screening and testing for officials and inmates is ongoing, and measures are in place to provide support to those who may test positive for COVID-19." One inmate from the centre said "We are worried as inmates because the first patient boyfriend is working here in Maximum section and he had numerous contact with us on numerous occasions before he was told on Sunday to stay away from other people." "We came to to toe with these officials meaning our life are at huge risk because we came into contact with those officials and only officials had been given musk and gloves, what about us who are living in overcrowded cells," said inmate Nxumslo said "Testing will be conducted on all who residing within Correctional Services premises. Prevention measures will continue to be intensified, whilst a mass-screening schedule for all correctional centres shall assist the Department in its efforts of averting the transmission of the virus."