Class-action lawsuits have been filed against three universities
by students who argue the schools have failed to adequately refund or reimburse
students for tuition and other fees they paid to have in-person, on-campus
classes and other activities. The lawsuits were filed this week against three New York
based universities. Columbia University, Pace University and Long Island
University, all private institutions located in the New York City area. CNN reports that the students argue that not only is
online-only instruction less valuable and should cost students less, it is not
what they paid for. The students are calling on their universities to
acknowledge what is being lost in the transition from in-person, hands-on
learning to online instruction, such as interaction with professors, access to
campus facilities, housing, meals, and social interaction, and asking them to
adjust the financial burden accordingly. Although the undergraduate students acknowledged that the
closing of their campuses was necessary given the spread of the coronavirus,
the plaintiffs argued that transitioning classes online starting in March and
closing campuses forced students to miss a significant portion of the semester
that they had paid for. While Columbia University has announced that it will be
issuing full pro-rata refunds for room and board fees, the university Financial
Services team made clear on its website that tuition will not be refunded as
long as instruction continues, but it said it would rebate a portion of the
facilities and student life fees. "Tuition and fees will continue to pay for the delivery
of instruction, as well as the associated costs of academic support services.
As long as instruction continues, tuition will not be refunded," the
Financial Services team wrote on the university website. In the lawsuit against Columbia, the student, who filed the
class action suit anonymously, argues that the university "breached the
contract with Plaintiff and the Fees Class by moving all classes for the Spring
2020 semester to online distance learning platforms, constructively evicting
students from campus, and closing most campus buildings and facilities, without
reducing or refunding fees accordingly." The lawsuit claims that the university has "refused and
continues to refuse to offer any refund whatsoever with respect to the tuition
that has already been paid." The student also pointed out that continuing to pay for an
on-campus undergraduate degree in social work for the spring, summer and fall
semesters, which costs approximately $58,612, is considerably more expensive in
comparison to the university's online program, where the tuition for the same
degree costs $48,780. the Columbia student argued that while the university has
refunded some of the fees, "such refund has come with no explanation,
appears to be arbitrary, and in any event, is wholly insufficient." In the
filing, the individual noted that out of $1,065 in mandatory fees paid by the
student, only $119 was refunded. Long Island University student Nicolas Irizarry filed a
class action suit against his university on April 21, seeking refunds because
he says his educational experience dramatically changed due to the coronavirus
outbreak. Irizarry had paid approximately $21,827 in tuition and fees to Long
Island University and has not been provided a refund for any portion of his
payment.