HIGHLANDS PARK have placed their entire squad in a hotel during the 21-day lockdown due to the Covid-19 outbreak. In order to monitor the fitness levels and to check on the progress of their squad, management decided to keep them in one place during the lockdown. The technical team have given the players strict programmes to follow during this frustrating period. Sinky Mnisi, club shareholder, said all his players were under the same roof at a location in Joburg, as they wait for the government to end the lockdown period. “I can confirm that all our players are in the same place here in Joburg. “We didn’t release any of them to go home and spend the lockdown period with their families. Instead, we’ve opted on keeping them in the same place for various reasons,” said Mnisi. The outspoken Mnisi, who also worked as a public relations manager for the now defunct Dynamos, said the club’s fitness trainer Simone Conley was working hard with the players to make sure they remain in tip-top condition. “The team is fine, as they are in the capable hands of our fitness trainer Simone. “There is no movement of players, as they are following the rules and regulations of President Cyril Ramaphosa to stay put in order to prevent the rapid spread of this deadly virus. “The technical team have given them a strict programme to follow.” Mnisi joked: “I think that we will be one of the fittest teams when the league programme eventually resumes.” Before the Premier Soccer League (PSL) suspended their matches, the Lions of the North were eliminated 6-5 on penalties in the Nedbank Cup quarterfinals by Mamelodi Sundowns, after their game ended in a goalless draw after 120 minutes at Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa last month. They were supposed to have played against the Tshwane giants at the same venue in the Absa Premiership’s round two at their fortress in Ekurhuleni, but the virus outbreak has forced postponement of matches. The Lions of the North are eighth on the log table with 31 points from 24 matches. Mnisi added that their ultimate objective was to finish the season in the top-8.