MZANSI celebrities are heartbroken over Vinolia Mashego’s death. Popularly known as V-Mash, the veteran actress and TV presenter was found dead in her home in Mamelodi, Tshwane on Monday. The 56-year-old’s death came as a shock to many. ALSO READ: SKEEM SAM ACTOR CHARLES "BIG BOY" MAJA HAS DIED Speaking to Daily Sun, her friend and kwaito singer Mshoza, who worked with V-Mash on Jam Alley, said: “I found out late at night. I wasn’t watching TV yesterday and was basically offline. “My sister called to let me know. I was heartbroken and still am. “I’m worried about all the people we used to work with, I wonder how they are coping with this tragic thing. It’s a big loss. I looked up to her and she opened the industry for a lot of presenters. “She played a huge role in the entertainment industry.” Nimrod Nkosi, who worked with VMash on Jam Alley, said he felt bad for her family. “I had spoken to her about three weeks ago. We were talking about her gig on Moja Love. I didn’t think anything would happen to her. I really feel bad for her family, especially her father,” said Nimrod, 3Sum singer Amstel said he was broken by the news of V-Mash’s death. “I met V-Mash when I was very young. I had gone to her dad’s house in Mamelodi Gardens. I saw her, but I was too shy to approach her. “I got a chance to meet her again when I was starting out in the industry and told her I was once at her father’s house. “We clicked from there on. I’m grateful to those who gave her a chance to be on TV again because I was hoping she would made a comeback,” he said. DJ Ganyani said like most people, he knew V-Mash from TV, but was fortunate enough to work with her. “I started working with her on events and the last time I shared a stage with her was in October. I was very fortunate to have met and worked with her,” he said. Yvonne Chaka Chaka, who was part of the Giyani: Land Of Blood cast with V-Mash, said she hoped a memorial service would be held after the coronavirus calms down. “I knew Vinolia from when she was at school. It’s very sad that she’s gone. It’s unbelievable. We also worked together on Giyani. Unfortunately, we didn’t have any scenes together. Right now, we are on the Giyani WhatsApp group, discussing what we’ll do about the funeral because we can’t all go. I hope they do something for her after everything calms down. She was a people’s person and people should be able to say bye to her.”