HAVING gotten his tenure off to a flying start, Orlando Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer is itching to go again as he looks to make an immediate impact at the club. The 49-year-old German, who was appointed Pirates’ head coach early last month, has a monumental task on his hands to turn the Soweto giants’ fortunes around. Before his appointment, Bucs were struggling to put a run of wins together with a string of mediocre displays eventually leading to interim coach Rhulani Mokwena’s demise. However, in his first match in charge, Zinnbauer was able to lead Bucs to only their fifth win in 14 matches when they beat Black Leopards 3-1 at Orlando Stadium before the Christmas break. That break, though, meant the former Hamburger SV and St Gallen coach, who is eager to turn Bucs’ season around, could not build momentum as quickly as he would have wished. “For me, the break is not good. I’m ready to work again with the squad and team, and it’s not so good for me,” Zinnbauer said after the Leopards win. The German will be desperate to get proceedings underway again when the Absa Premiership resumes this weekend. He will be hoping his side pick-up from where they left off before the break when they meet Bloemfontein Celtic at Dr Molemela Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Pirates, who have been alarmingly inconsistent this season, are searching for their first back-to-back wins this campaign. They are currently fifth on the Premiership standings with 20 points, 15 adrift of arch rivals and log leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Zinnbauer, though, is confident that he can get Bucs back challenging for honours alongside the other giants. “We have good players‚ we have the perfect structures here at the club. I think that we have all that we need for the next step to bring the success back,” Zinnbauer told the media. Meanwhile, their opponents this weekend, Celtic, will look to stop Bucs dead in their tracks as they too are desperate to climb up the table. They currently sit just outside the top eight in ninth position with 17 points from 14 matches, one adrift of Maritzburg who are in eighth spot. 