A copy of strict hair rules for black pupils - purported to
have been issued by Hoërskool Delmas in Mpumalanga - has angered social media
users. The rules, which have been circulated widely on social media,
restricts "African learners" from donning certain hairstyles,
including Afros, dreadlocks and braids. "Hair may not be 'stacked' on the head so high that the
child behind you cannot see the board and your hairstyle does not entitle you
to sit at the back of the class," the rules state. 'Braids, faux locs, yarn twists and high buns' Other prohibited hairstyles include poetic justice braids,
faux locs, yarn twists and high buns. A person who claims to be a pupil at the school tweeted that
the school had a photo album of hairstyles which black girls and boys are
allowed to have. The document refers to these photos, which are allegedly
available for viewing in the classrooms of one Mr Stefan Joubert and Ms
Wessels. The school's website lists among its personnel Mr SG Joubert
and Ms Ella Wessels. An anonymous WhatsApp claims that, in October last year,
African girls at the school were asked for their input about the "African
Girls' Hairstyles Folder" which was "vital as the hairstyles have
evolved from the early 2000s till 2019 and needs to be updated". According to the message, the girls prepared a presentation
in this regard. The message claims that official school rules were handed out
on November 29 and "everything seemed normal". It then claims that a new set of rules was issued on January
14 and that parents were "forced" to sign it off. These new rules
included the hair restrictions, which were apparently adopted by the school's
principal. However, the school has vehemently denied that the rules
form part of its code of conduct. "This is a huge mistake," principal Cas Badenhorst
told News24. "We are in the process of correcting this. Those are not our
rules that went out [on social media] - something is wrong here." The principal also denied the contents of the WhatsApp
message. "I was not involved in any of this. I distance myself
from that [document]." Badenhorst said the school's code of conduct was in the
process of being finalised and would be available by the end of the week. The school governing body's (SGB) chairperson Riaan
Grobbelaar told News24 that the rules were bogus and the SGB had never
considered or approved it. "The school allows for diversity and these matters are
always discussed with parents and learners. We are sensitive to different
cultural needs and practices. The document on social media is fake and not part
of Hoërskool Delmas' code of conduct." Jasper Zwane, head of communications at the Mpumalanga
Education Department, could not be reached for comment.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/anger-over-racist-hair-rules-for-black-pupils-at-mpumalanga-school-20200116    