SANGOMAS AND PROPHETS have looked into the future and have seen visions. It seems after a tough year of violence, crime and unemployment, Mzansi can look forward to a better year. THERE MIGHT BE SOME LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL! Gobelas and sangomas have thrown the bones and they all agree – a great year lies ahead! Their bones showed peace, a better financial year, a decrease in the unemployment rate, and forgiveness among South Africans and foreign nationals. Gobela Makhosi Mahlangu from Rathanda, Ekurhuleni, said her bones showed that 2020 will be better and brighter. She threw 10 bones and told Daily Sun if they are facing upwards, that symbolises good, if faced down, it’s bad, and if one is neutral, then the outcome will depend on the behaviour of some individuals. She threw them and six of them faced upwards, three faced down and one was neutral. “It will be a good year,” she said. “I see a great number of people being blessed financially and the country will also make good deals with other countries which will help better our economy. The recession will decline.” She said the scourge of violent attacks on women will decrease. “Some of the violence is created through poverty. Since poverty will decrease, so will the violence,” she said. “The old year was horrible. Many people lost their lives or their jobs and we experienced a recession. But the new year will definitely be better.” She said although political parties quarrel a lot, there will be peace among them this year. “As much as they fight all the time, they all want a developed country and this will bring them together,” she said. Gobela Phumzile-Nomadlozi Dube and one of her thwasas, Tsitsi Makhosonke, saw peace and a great financial year ahead. Phumzile said her ancestors kept showing her a rainbow. She said the year might start badly but will definitely get better. “In January people may lose money but will recover quickly,” she said. “Colours of the rainbow are vibrant and beautiful. Each one differs from the next. “This conveys a beautiful message of inclusiveness and cohesion. It also shows how beautiful diversity can be. “People will work together in order to achieve a common goal. It will turn into a success.” Gobela Lenn Khokhovula said: “A lot of people had problems, but I assure you that all your tears will be wiped away.” He also saw a rainbow as he threw the bones. “Before a rainbow appears, there is usually heavy rain and suffering. This will happen in Mzansi,” said Lenn. “That rainbow provides us with hope and motivation. It’s a symbol of good luck. “Rainbows are often thought to bring good fortune, so Mzansi relax. This is going to be a great year.” Sangoma Nomakhosi Nyembe also saw a great year but said there will be many deaths in June. “Many people will experience sorrow but will later recover and find peace,” said Nomakhosi. “Sadness will be erased and they will also prosper financially.” 