A NUMBER of mums across Mzansi welcomed their bundles of joy on New Year’s Day.  “I’m very happy I had a son. My boyfriend has been nagging me about having a boy,” she said. Portia Makgoale (29) gave birth to a baby girl at the same hospital.  She told Daily Sun: “I’m filled with joy. She is my second child and I feel very blessed.” Gauteng Health MEC Bandile Masuku encouraged new mums to breast-feed, especially for the first six months of their children’s lives.  Five baby girls and one boy were born in Tshwane. The first child was born at Dr George Mukhari Hospital and was named Ivy. Her mum Chenjerai Dhliwayo (25) said: “I’m happy and I’m running out of words.” Memory Motupe (29) said she wasn’t expecting her first child to be born on New Year’s Day.  Karabo Molatse (18) said: “Having my first baby on the first day of the year means I’ve started a new chapter.” Martha Nkuna, who had her fourth child, said she went into labour while dancing to Makhadzi’s Haka Matorokisi.  Yolokazi Lumkwana (23) said she was happy her baby boy Ungawo had been born on New Year’s Day. Thandeka Mkhize (29) said she was excited to welcome her second child into the world. Yesterday afternoon the number of babies born in KZN stood at 95. Onelapho Gcamu (33) said: “I got a baby boy and I named him Asithandile.”  Sizakele Nyandeni (32), who gave birth to a baby boy at exactly 12am, said: “I named him Happy Sibusiso because I believe he’s my happiness and blessing.” At Tintswalo Hospital in Acornhoek, seven babies were born. Kgotso Magopane (21) and Lucia Thabane (26) were among the proud mums.  Baby Onthatile was the first to be born at 2.11am to Masadiapula Mothibi (21) from Jouberton. Setshego Welemane (39), who had a baby named Banele, said: “I had to be helped by the nurses. I was struggling.”  New mum Maki Sebata (20) said: “I decided to name my baby boy Bokamoso, meaning future. He’s what I am looking forward to.” Selinah Sebati (41) named her son Hlohonolofatso, which means blessing. Seipati Mareka (36) named her girl Oyama, which means lean on me. Health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said the first baby was born at Pelonomi Hospital.