Sbahle Mpisane is finally moving on from the trauma of the car crash she had last year. She miraculously survived the accident and went on an intensive training routine, so she could walk again. The fitness trainer has been keeping her more than one million Instagram followers up to date with her recovery process. Now, it seems she is finally putting that chapter of her life behind her. This she detailed in an Instagram post, in which she encouraged her followers not to be stuck in one place. She posted: "Sometimes we focus on becoming who we were in the past before any trauma occurred and stay stuck in trying to be who we once were thinking that was the best version of ourselves. That person doesn’t exist anymore, there’s a new you trying to be born. I BREATHE LIFE INTO THAT PERSON. Don’t stay stuck in the past!!! Take whatever you’re going through, what happened and allow it to empower you and grow. Growth never stops when you are destined for more and to become a better version of yourself than anything left behind. FOCUS ON YOURSELF. Even if it takes time to heal always move forward. The future you is waiting to be born and you have the power inside you to become the best version of yourself." Sometimes we focus on becoming who we were in the past before any trauma occurred and stay stuck in trying to be who we once were thinking that was the best version of ourselves. ———————— ———————— That person doesn’t exist anymore, there’s a new you trying to be born. I BREATHE LIFE INTO THAT PERSON. ———————— ———————— Don’t stay stuck in the past!!! Take whatever you’re going through, what happened and allow it to empower you and grow. Growth never stops when you are destined for more and to become a better version of yourself than anything left behind. FOCUS ON YOURSELF. Even if it takes time to heal always move forward. The future you is waiting to be born and you have the power inside you to become the best version of yourself. A post shared by  FitnessBunnie (@sbahle_mpisane) on Jan 28, 2020 at 11:34pm PST 