MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane says he “knew” that SuperSport United would beat Kaizer Chiefs. SuperSport threw the league race wide open for Sundowns after defeating Absa Premiership leaders Chiefs 2-1 at Mbombela Stadium on Saturday. On the same day, Sundowns made light work of AmaZulu by trouncing the Durban side 3-0 at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium. The reigning champions and nine-time league winners are now on 31 points, four points behind Chiefs who are on 35 with the same number of games played (15). Mosimane has previously maintained that the league title has never been won at this time of the season and he knew that they’ll be a lot of twists and turns along the way. Certainly, with four months to go, it is shaping up that way. He also promised that they’ll fight tooth and nail to defend their title and it looks like they’re picking up form at the right time. Sundowns are also masters of knowing how to manage their games. Said Mosimane: “The gap looks good because at some point we were 12 points behind. “Now how many points (between us)? Four. But it is a bit early for anybody to talk about the championship. No one must talk about the championship, because we still have to play Chiefs, Orlando Pirates and Bidvest Wits, we also have SuperSport, it is tough. “Same as Chiefs, they’ve got a derby (Pirates to play against). Pirates are getting their confidence back, you know what I’m trying to say. And I knew about the game of SuperSport that could cause Chiefs to slump.” “Those guys disturb you. They beat us also (in the MTN8 semi-final second leg), so you got to respect them, hey.” Mosimane now focuses his attention on Wits who they host at Loftus Verfeld tomorrow (7.30pm). Mosimane is wary of the Clever Boys who are fourth on 26 points after beating Stellenbosch 2-0 in Cape Town also on Saturday. But Gavin Hunt’s Wits have three matches in hand over both Downs and Amakhosi. A win for Downs would see the gap cut to a single point. In January, there’s a fixture congestion. Both Chiefs and Sundowns have lot of games, it is a month that could prove to be make or break for any side hoping to win the league. On top of that, Sundowns still have Caf Champions League group stage matches, one in particular a mammoth clash against Wydad Casablanca at home on 31 January. Mosimane is worried about his swelling injury list. They have injured players such as Mosa Lebusa, Phakamani Mahlambi, Rivaldo Coetzee and Gasto Sirino. Mauricio Affonso picked up a hamstring on the eve of the Usuthu game. “It is the same thing you can ask the Wits coach Gavin Hunt about fixture congestion. You always pay the price when you are playing in Caf competitions,” he added.