FORMER International Boxing Organisation (IBO) welterweight champion Thulani “Evolution” Mbenge anticipates a busy and exciting year ahead. Mbenge had unfavourable moments last year, losing his IBO world title on foreign soil in the hands of Sebastian Formella from Germany due to a lack of action. A lot was been expected from him after he was crowned Boxing SA Male Boxer of the Year after a great display of boxing in 2018. Despite winning the sought-after local boxing accolade, his career didn’t enjoy similar success last year. The talented fighter from Mdantsane, in East London, Eastern Cape, fought once and after his first career defeat he vanished into thin air. His first career defeat was a blessing in disguise as he found time for his Evolution Sports merchandise. Said Mbenge: “I’m expecting a hectic year, juggling between growing my business and getting my international career back on track. I know it won’t be easy but I’m up for the challenge. “I established this business while I was an amateur years back, but didn’t give it proper attention as I was busy building my name in boxing. After I lost to Formella, I decided to focus on my business. “It’s important as boxers to invest our earnings in business so that when our fighting days are over we’re able to survive,” he said. The former SA and ABU undefeated champion has been out of action for six months. He’s expected to make a ring return in a few months’ time. “People have been asking me about my next fight. The waiting is over. “We’ve received a few international offers but nothing has been finalised. I hope to be back in action soon. “The aim is to get three to four international fights and see where these take us.” His mentor, Sean Smith, is in talks with an American promoter to guide Mbenge’s boxing career. “The local market is terrible for top fighters. Promoters can’t afford to pay them. Hence I’ve decided to look for international promoters for action,” Smith said. “Our fighters have proven beyond doubt that we’re in the same level as international competitors.”