RECENTLY freed Abathembu King Buyelekhaya Dalindyebo has
reportedly snubbed meeting his son and acting King Azenathi, since he was
released from jail just before Christmas. City Press reports that a delegation featuring Prince
Azenathi and other senior Thembu leaders was turned back when they attempted to
visit the recently freed king at his home in Nkululekweni, Mthatha.  He spent four years at the East London Correctional Centre
after he was convicted of assault with grievous bodily harm, kidnapping, arson
and defeating the ends of justice. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison after
the Mthatha High Court dismissed his appeal. This week, a senior Abathembu traditional leader and
chairperson of the amaDlomo royal family, Nkosi Thandisizwe Mtirara, confirmed
to City Press that he had accompanied the acting king to visit Dalindyebo. “I was part of the delegation that went to visit the king in
Nkululekweni. We were informed that the king was still tired. We decided to
leave him and allow him to rest. We are still waiting for his phone call,”
Mtirara said. “We thought we would see him and discuss important matters,
but he was tired and promised to phone us when he was ready.” Azenathi has since called a meeting of the Abathembu nation,
which has been scheduled to take place on Thursday, when he is expected to give
direction on what will happen now that his father has been released. The SunTeam has over the years followed the drama
surrounding the royal family since before Dalindyebo was imprisoned in December
2015. Two months before his imprisonment, the senior Dalindyebo
had announced that his son Azenathi take over the throne should his legal
battles lead him to jail. Once inside prison Dalindyebo the changed his mind opting
for his wife Queen Nokwanda to take over the throne. But the Abathembu seniors decided to stick with Azenathi, a
decision that was supported by government who formally recognised the prince as
the acting leader. In the king’s four year absence, his son got married became
a father to a boy. Dalindyebo’s brother Prince Mthandeni also contested the
throne but eventually let his nephew lead the nation.