PATRONS COULDN’T believe it when the lights dimmed and a coffin was wheeled into their favourite drinking place. And then they watched in stunned silence as the lid of the fancy coffin slowly opened. READ: ZUMA VISITS CAPITEC BRANCH WITH DUDU MYENI OUT CAME A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN A SEXY RED OUTFIT! The heart-pounding performance can be seen from a leaked video which is making rounds on social media. This was after a stripper made a grand entrance while inside a coffin to perform to the patrons in a tavern in Hammanskraal, Tshwane, last week. The stripper, only known as The Undertaker and named after the famous wrestler, was welcomed with loud cheering. According to information gathered by Daily Sun, the strip shows are usually private events and no phones and any sort of filming or recording equipment is allowed. In the video, men are seen bringing in a customised coffin with Louis Vuitton stickers into the tavern. Then the lights go down and, just like WWE RAW, the music of The Undertaker adds excitement to the moment. The coffin opens and the lady is seen moving her legs with red stockings in the air, then dangling out of the coffin, showing her panties. As she pulls her hat down over her eyes, the crowd cheers.   The lady herself said it started with her love for arts and dancing and grew into something else. “It started six years ago while teaching young ones art and dance. But we could not raise enough money to keep us going,” she said. “I started dancing at private clubs and private pubs. Sometimes I dance naked and sometimes I do it with sexy clothes on.” She said she got many invitations through her manager. “People always recommend me because what I do is art and entertainment,” she said. She said she liked different themes for different audiences. “I watched The Undertaker on TV and thought I could use the theme for a woman.” She said she had already performed with the coffin three times, twice in Mabopane and once in Hammanskraal. “I’m going to continue with what I love. I want to create a brand out of it.” A patron told Daily Sun they were used to strippers but the coffin stole the show. “I think this was a festive special for us,” he said. “People come in numbers when there are strippers and it boosts business, but the coffin scared me. Blacks people worry about bad luck.” He said what the video showed was nothing. “The real show was inside the venue when the stripper did her thing!” Social media went crazy after seeing the video. READ: MFR SOULS IN SCARY ACCIDENT! Masipa Wa NW wrote on Facebook: “So undertaker, the strip dancer went on another level la didimala dimpya ke lona tsa Hammanskraal.” Oageng Mokaa wrote: “I saw her this one time doing her thing. I’m scarred for life.” Kgamedi Thabang wrote: “Shut down Hammanskraal . . . that undertaker lady is the one, comrades.” Lerato Chokwe replied: “No kasi should be closed. Ramaphosa did not create Hammanskraal.”