SUPERSPORT United captain Dean Furman would like nothing more than to start the new year by bringing high flying Kaizer Chiefs back down to earth. United take on table-topping Amakhosi in what is perhaps this weekend’s headline Absa Premiership fixture at the Mbombela Stadium on Saturday (6pm). Furman admits, though, that it won’t be easy and United will have to be on top of their game if they are to inflict only the second league defeat on Chiefs. Polokwane City remain the only team to have beaten Amakhosi in the league so far this season, however, Furman is confident that United are more than capable of doing the same. “They are in fantastic form,” admitted Furman. “It won’t be an easy game that’s for us sure. Chiefs are playing really well at the moment. I’m expecting a good turnout as well so it will be a good game. “It won’t be easy for them either, they know we are also a good team that can hurt anybody in the league. We’re looking forward to getting our year up and running with a win. “It’s a good opportunity for us to climb up the table and get closer to them. We need to make good use of it, but again, we will have to play the game that we know we can.” Matsatsansta a Pitori will be looking to bounce back from a disappointing 1-0 defeat to Chippa United before the Christmas break. The defeat saw them lose ground in their pursuit of Amakhosi and are now 11 points adrift of the leaders, and four behind second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns having played one more game than both teams. Furman insists that there is very little room for error now for United if they are to add the league title to the MTN8 title they already have in the bank. “It’s good that we already have something to show in the form of silverware but we are not satisfied, we want more. “Of course, winning the league title would be a massive achievement but we have to fight hard for that. The period that we are about to enter is a crucial one in our season, we can’t afford to have too many bad days at the office. “The games will be coming thick and fast now, we just have to ensure that we’re up for every single one of them, starting with Chiefs on Saturday.”