BAFANA BAFANA head coach Molefi Ntseki has weighed in on the showboating debate that has divided Mzansi soccer right down the middle. The football fraternity was this week involved in a heated opinions discourse after Orlando Pirates midfielder Fortune Makaringe showed off in Pirates’ big game against Mamelodi Sundowns at Orlando Stadium midweek. Downs coach Pitso Mosimane was furious with Makaringe’s antics in the midst of the second half of the game. He felt disrespected by what the former Maritzburg United star did. SA legends Jomo Sono and Mlungisi “Professor” Ngubane as well as football fans, weighed in on the matter that has gripped local football this week. Some are in support of the player, while other influential figures were in Mosimane’s defence. But Ntseki, who is seating in the hot seat of Mzansi football, also had his say on the matter. Ntseki is against showboating and warned that it had no room in Bafana. Explained Ntseki: “Football has evolved. We have to respect the opposition and the supporters to avoid unnecessary violence and showing off when it’s not necessary to do so. For me, it’s disrespect toward the opponent, if you sit or stand on the ball just to get the attention of the supporters. I have a big problem if your showboating doesn’t lead to a goal or cause havoc in defence. “For me, it’s allowed if any footballer can use his skills to help score or create a goal for his teammates. But if it doesn’t create a goal or boost the attack, then I don’t want it in my team. “I don’t want individuals who are happy to entertain the entire stadium by showing off.” While there is no room for showboating in Ntseki’s Bafana squad, he made it clear that he isn’t against dribbling wizards in the PSL. All he wants is footballers to use their skills for the benefit of the team and not merely please fans and disrespect the opposition in the process. Added Ntseki: “I appreciate that we have skilful players in our league. Bra J and Professor used to mesmerise players back in the day, and I respect that. “But my understanding is that it’s not helping the game, if it doesn’t break the defence and create goals. Let’s use our qualities to win games, dribble past players and score goals. Showboating tends to incite violence from the affected team and that’s not good for the modern-day game.”