NEW Baroka head coach Dylan Kerr hopes Home Affairs will approve his work permit before their crucial Absa Premiership clash against Absa Premiership rookies Stellenbosch on Friday (8pm). The teams will battle it out at Athlone Stadium, in Cape Town. The Englishman is frustrated that he has not been allowed to sit on the bench during the team’s last three league matches since he replaced Wedson Nyirenda. His side beat their Limpopo rivals Polokwane City 1-0 in their last league game at the weekend with assistant coach Matsemela Thoka in charge. Previously Bakgakga lost their their other two league fixtures in 2020 against Golden Arrows and Cape Town City. The former Black Leopards coach was appointed to help Baroka avoid relegation, but if he misses the match against Stellies it will be a huge setback since they are now desperate for points. “I am hopeful to be on the bench on Friday,” said Kerr. “I know the team needs me.”Kerr revealed that he is not happy with the way his side have been playing in the previous three matches. “We need to improve from those performances and I cannot say I am happy with the two defeats and one win,” he explained. “We need to work hard and start to be consistent. A lot needs to change. But I am optimistic that everything will be fine when I get my permit.” Thoka also revealed the coaching job is now becoming more stressful for him. “We are missing the coach and we can’t wait for him to be officially in charge of the team. It’s not easy to fill another’s man’s shoes,” said Thoka. Baroka have now moved to 12th spot with 17 points tied with AmaZulu and Cape Town City. However, Kerr’s lads are far from safety as they are only a point ahead of bottom joint sides Polokwane City and Black Leopards. Leopards host high flying log leaders Kaizer Chiefs on Saturday at Thohoyandou Stadium (3:30pm), while Rise and Shine face Arrows at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday at the same time. Former Black Leopards Dylan Kerr says he is frustrated to make the bench for his new club Baroka FC. 