COMING TO the cops for protection was her worst mistake! Instead of helping her, she was dragged around the floor on her back, humiliated, threatened and told to shut up. AND THEN, COPS KLAPPED HER WHILE SHE LAY DEFENCELESS ON THE GROUND! WATCH: REVEREND DIES WHILE PREACHING! If it wasn’t for a 42-second video taken by a pregnant woman waiting in the office, the beating may have gone unnoticed. But the video shows two men in blue assault and manhandle the woman at a client service centre in Evaton, Vaal. One officer gives her hot klaps while another tries to put what appears to be a wig on her head.  The footage also shows other officers watching the apparent assault. Following the incident, the woman was allegedly taken to another local police station. The People’s Paper traced a witness who was at the cop shop during the altercation. The witness, who was at the cop shop to open a case, said the woman was retaliating from verbal abuse before she was beaten. “Just after I got there a man and a woman came into the charge office,” said the woman. “The husband told the cops that he brought his wife so that they could speak to her,” she said. The witness said the woman told cops that the man assaulted her when they argued. He sometimes held a knife in front of her and, in fact, she wanted to open a case against her husband. “Cops told the woman to shut up and listen to the husband’s statement. The man said the woman took his car keys, so he decided to bring the woman to the cop shop. “Cops told the husband to get a protection order and they will help him. The woman said she will also take him to children’s court because he doesn’t take care of the kids and that’s why she takes the keys,” the witness said. Then cops told the man to let go of the woman and to leave the cop shop. “Cops told the woman not to follow the man. She asked how was she going to get home. They told her to stay out of the car.” The woman then left the cop shop and a male warrant officer told the constable he should have hit the woman. “The warrant officer said the woman was disrespectful towards them by talking back,” she said. The witness said the cop then went outside and assaulted the woman. “The constable dragged the woman back into the charge office and started beating her, while the warrant officer told the woman to let go of the cop and allow herself to be beaten. The warrant officer then told the constable to assault a pregnant woman who was sitting and taking a video,” said the witness. Gauteng police spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said the cops involved were identified and investigations were underway. “The members captured on video have been identified and the departmental investigation is underway. The measures taken against the police officers will be guided by the outcome of the investigation. The provincial commissioner has reaffirmed the police’s zero tolerance for gender-based violence,” she said. The assaulted woman was said to be at a local hospital. Daily Sun tried to get a hold of her but could not do so at the time of going to print.