 The ANC's
chief whip in Nelson Mandela Bay, Bicks Ndoni, 61, died on Monday at the
party's regional offices, also known as Florence Matomela House. Ndoni's
colleagues and members of the Nelson Mandela Bay council shed tears and sang
songs as they surrounded the hearse which had come to collect his body. In tribute,
they lifted their right fists and sang "Hamba kahle Mkhonto"
(farewell comrade). He
reportedly died during a meeting of the Zola Nqini cluster, which includes
Despatch and Uitenhage, where he first served as mayor. An ANC
insider said Ndoni arrived at the meeting and announced he had just come from
the doctor. He added
Ndoni had attended the meeting but said he could not stay long as he had a
sharp chest pain. "He
later started preparing to leave but as he was getting up, he collapsed into
the chair he was sitting in and held on to his chest... it was all so shocking
to witness his final but very brief moments," said the insider. A shaken
ANC regional co-ordinator Luyolo Nqakula said Ndoni had not been well and had
just come from the doctor but came to the meeting, nonetheless. Addressing
fellow mourners, Nqakula said Ndoni's life and contribution should always be
remembered with pride. Ndoni was
also a regional task team member in the ANC. "He
took his last breath with his boots on as he was in an organisational
meeting," said Nqakuka. "His
last words must never be forgotten. We are still shocked, we are still
traumatised by comrade Ndoni's departure," said Nqakula. Ndoni was a
long-serving ANC councillor who had served the city since the dawn of
democracy. Bicks Ndoni ANC
regional coordinator Luyolo Nqakula in Nelson Mandela Bay officially briefing
mourners after chief whip Bicks Ndoni died on Monday. (Nosipiwo Manona,
Correspondent) He became
the first mayor of Uitenhage in the transitional period in the 1990s and was a
councillor in the first democratic council in Nelson Mandela Bay. He served
as deputy mayor before a DA-led coalition took over the metro after the 2016
local elections. Ndoni was
named chief whip of the council in August 2018 after a new coalition voted out
the DA. His death
comes at a critical time for the ANC in Nelson Mandela Bay as it is fighting to
retain its position in the current coalition. Nqakula
hailed Ndoni as a great man whose contribution to the struggle had been
exemplary.