MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane will need to put behind their midweek defeat to Orlando Pirates and focus on the Tshwane derby if they still hope to defend the Absa Premiership title. Downs tackle city rivals SuperSport United in a league derby at Atteridgeville Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). Mosimane seems to be playing mind games after his charges lost 1-0 to Bucs at Orlando Stadium as he said they have bigger things – the Caf Champions League to worry about than stress about the nine points gap between them and leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Downs are still in second position with 32 points from 17 matches. “Why should I worry about nine points when other teams don’t worry about nine league titles. We have nine titles, we can lose four, hey and still leading (in titles). We want to put that star (Caf Champions League) that no one has. I always tell players that we might not have it (title) this year, what about next year. Liverpool hasn’t won the title for so many years, but this year they are going for it. Are we doing that bad? We are in the champions league, top of the group, that’s a big one. “This one (league) we can always come and miss then get it,” said Mosimane. He said they need to avoid making costly tactical decision again since SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo could take advantage of their weaknesses. “We made a very big tactical mistake on the goal (scored by Gabadinho Mhango) where my central midfielder went out to go press and the ball was put where he just left and Memela (Luvuyo) is smart, came with a turn between the lines and the centre back should have followed him in two v two and they both refuted and Mhango went through to score.” Mosimane has breathed a huge sigh of relief as his key midfielder Themba Zwane will be available after he missed the Bucs clash due to suspension. But the outspoken mentor revealed that tough as teak defender Motjeka Madisha won’t recover on time for the game after he sustained an injury following a tussle with Pirates winger Vincent Pule. He went on: “We lost Madisha. Pule should have walked (got red card) because he left the ball and went for Madisha. Victor Gomes (referee) had a good game, but he missed that one. I don’t know if Madisha will be available. We missed Themba Zwane.”