THE 2020 edition of the Nedbank Cup is almost upon us. The Premier Soccer League yesterday announced the dates, venues and times for the much anticipated Round of 32. The action will commence on 05 February when defending champions TS Galaxy tackle last year’s semi-finalists Chippa United at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium (7.30 pm). The Rockets will be determined to replicate last season’s impressive run which them make history by becoming the first team from Mzansi’s second division to clinch the Ke Yona Cup. On the following day, 06 February, an all GladAfrica Championship tie will take centre stage when Ajax Cape Town face TS Sporting at Athlone Stadium (7.30pm). Undoubtedly the headline fixture for the round, though, will be between Tshwane rivals Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United on Saturday, 08 February. Loftus Versfeld Stadium will be the battleground as the two sides renew their rivalry having been locked in battle this past weekend in the league. The match will kick off at 8.30 pm.Both sides already have a trophy in their cabinet after SuperSport clinched the MTN 8 while Downs grabbed the Telkom Knockout title. That, though, will only make for a great spectacle as they both look to keep their chances of clinching a domestic treble alive with the league title also up for grabs for both. NEDBANK CUP LAST 32 DRAWPolokwane City v Baroka FC (Peter Mokaba Stadium)Zizwe United v Happy Wanderers (Athlone Stadium)Stellenbosch v Maritzburg United (Athlone Stadium)Orlando Pirates v Bidvest Wits (Orlando Stadium)Amavarara v Super Eagles (Sisa Dukashe)Vaal University of Technology v Golden Arrows (Dobsonville Stadium)Chippa United v TS Galaxy (Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium)Bloemfontein Celtic v AmaZulu 9Dr Molemela Stadium)Mbombela United v Cape Town City (Kanyamazane Stadium)Black Leopards v North West University (Thohoyandou Stadium)Mamelodi Sundowns v SuperSport United (Loftus Versfeld Stadium)Kaizer Chiefs v Royal Eagles (FNB Stadium)Highlands Park v Uthongathi FC. (Makhulong Stadium)Passion FC v Real Kings (Kameelrivier Stadium)Ajax Cape Town v TS Sporting (Athlone Stadium)Jomo Cosmos v Hungry Lion (Ole Park Stadium) 