University can
be pretty daunting when you’re fresh out of high school and not used to being
independent, not to mention the multiple things that are involved with being a
university student. Nothing can ever prepare you for the drastic life change
but there are a few tips and tricks to help you navigate and win at varsity
life. Learn how to
budget Sometimes you
have to sacrifice going out now and then to focus on the more important things.
Being the life of the party is fun and all but not when you’re going home to
have a bowl of noodles for dinner. The best way to keep track of your spending
is to create a monthly budget, here you cost out how much you need for food,
transport, toiletries etc. Make sure you’ve also got a little saved up for
unexpected expenses. Get
the energy flowing There’s no one
that can prepare you for all the activities that take place in varsity - all
the studying, social activities, parties, rallies etc. They all require your
time and energy but there’s only one of you so how do you manage being sociable
and network with your mates and still have the time to study and keep the
grades up? One
250 ml can of Red Bull contains 80mg of caffeine – about the same as in a cup
of coffee, just the right amount to keep you going and maintain optimum energy
levels. Study and prepare As much as you
should have fun and enjoy your time in varsity it’s important to remember why
you are there in the first place. Make sure you’re always prepared for class.
When you’re in the lecture room take as many notes as you need to. The notes
you took in class coupled with your textbooks will help you with your studying. Teamwork makes the dream work Unlike intimate
high school classrooms, university lecture rooms are packed full of students
that can even go up to 500 students per class. The lecturer doesn’t have the
capacity to give personalised, undivided attention to every student, so you
have to get out of your comfort zone. In your first year it would be a great
help for you to find a group of classmates that you can study and share notes
with.  Find a mentor Never be too
proud to ask for help, a third year student will know more about surviving
varsity than one fresh out of high school. Get as much information as you can
from them around how things work and how you can get the best out of your
experience while maintaining great results.