THE exciting race for promotion to the PSL resumes when the GladAfrica Championship gets back underway this weekend. There is a full round of fixtures to get the ball rolling once again in Mzansi’s second division. And the standout match undoubtedly is the clash between the top two teams on the Championship table. Log leaders Uthongathi host their nearest chasers Ajax Cape Town at the Princess Magogo Stadium on Saturday (3pm). For the Urban Warriors, this is an opportunity to topple the KwaZulu-Natal outfit who have been going through a difficult patch. The Cane Cutter’s bright start to the season appears to have been disturbed by some internal issues. This has culminated in the club suspending their long serving head coach, Johnny Ferreira, who had been with the club since their ABC Motsepe League days, a few weeks ago. Ajax on the other hand, have capitalised on Uthongathi’s struggles, narrowing their lead at the top to just two points heading into the second round of the season. The Urban Warriors, who are currently on an impressive run of four successive wins, will be confident of making it five in as many matches. The side from the Mother City have scored the most goals (30) in the league with Abednego Mosiatlhaga the chief destroyer with 10 strikes to his name while Eleazar Rodgers has chipped in with six. In another potential thriller, third paced University of Pretoria host one of this season’s surprise packages in JDR Stars at the ABSA Tuks Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Although they have fallen off in recent weeks, rookies JDR have caught the eye in the way they have more than held their own in their first season at this level. They currently occupy fifth place on the standings with 23 points from their 15 matches, a point away from one of the play-off positions. On Sunday, the bottom of the able will come into focus when struggling Jomo Cosmos face inconsistent TS Galaxy while bottom team Royal Eagles visit TS Sporting at Kabokweni Stadium. Both matches kick off at 3pm. FIXTURES Saturday Steenberg United v Mbombela United (TBA) Uthongathi v Ajax Cape Town (Princess Magogo Stadium) Swallows FC v Cape Umoya (Dobsonville Stadium) Pretoria University v JDR Stars (ABSA Tuks Stadium) Real Kings v Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (Chatsworth Stadium) Free State Stars v Richards Bay (Goble Park) Sunday Jomo Cosmos v TS Galaxy (TBA) TS Sporting v Royal Eagles (Kabokweni Stadium).