Turns out marriage may not be the
best option for women. And for men, it's the total
opposite. For the longest time, many women
have held the belief that marriage might be the key to a happier and more
fulfilling life. However, as we continued to evolve,
some of us turned our backs on that belief and chose to find other ways of
achieving that much sought-after happiness, choosing to rather focus on
self-love and drinking tall glasses of wine. And as it turns out, we may have
been on to something. That is, according to the findings of a study conducted
by behavioural science professor at the London school of Economics, Paul Dolan. Kris Jenner is "happy"
with Corey Gamble, but doesn't want to get married again because she's worried
marriage will "mess up" her romance. According to Guardian, in his
latest book Happy Ever After, Paul used data from the American Time Use Survey
(ATUS), which compared the happiness levels of a group of unmarried, married,
divorced, widowed, and separated adults to find his outcome - women who choose
not to get married and not to have kids will not only be happier, but healthier
too. Who knew. Paul explained to The Guardian that
married couples had initially been "happier" when asked about their
happiness levels, while their partners were in the same room as them. However,
as soon as their partners were away from view, the truth came out. Most of them had confessed to being
"miserably" married. People who were unmarried were considerably
happier. “Married people are happier than
other population subgroups, but only when their spouse is in the room when
they’re asked how happy they are. When the spouse is not present: f**
miserable,” he said while speaking at the Hay Festival. Paul also went on to explain that
marriage, unlike for women, is good for men. The reason for this according to
him, is that when married, men "take less risk, earn more money and live a
little longer". "If you’re a man, you should
probably get married; if you’re a woman, don’t bother,” he says. One might attribute that to the
patriarchy that has, for many decades, put some men under the impression that their
wives should be treated as less than, but that's a conversation for another
day. Shelley Lewin, Cape Town-based
relationship expert and life coach, thinks the reason why women who remain
unmarried are happier is because they can form the same kind of bonds with
friends they would have with a husband, while men on the other hand, only show
their emotional sides to their partners "All human beings need to
connect and bond. It is in our DNA and we are social beings regardless of
gender," she says. "Generally speaking, women are
nurturers and can create a ‘tribe’ or ‘sisterhood’ with other women, which
fulfills their need to connect and bond without the need to marry and have
kids. "Men generally tend to be
emotionally vulnerable only with their partners which is why the results might
be reflecting these stats," she adds. Women who remained unmarried after
the age of thirty (and even younger) were previously often frowned upon by
society, but at least now you can take comfort in the fact that marriage need
not be the be-all and end-all of life. Hopefully this will also take off
some of that pressure that mom's been putting on you. SOURCE: WOMEN24