MARITZBURG United coach Eric Tinkler has urged his players to “play without fear” when they meet title contenders SuperSport United in their second Absa Premiership fixure of 2020 at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday night (7.30pm). Tinkler relishes facing one of his former clubs but knows his Kwa-Zulu Natal based outfit are in for a tough 90 minutes. Tinkler acknowledged that SuperSport will be a handful at home and said: “They are having a good season, it is going to be a tough away match.” But Tinkler’s charges got the New Year off to a great start when they defeated Golden Arrows 2-1 in their KwaZulu-Natal derby at Harry Gwala Stadium last Friday. More good news for the former Bafana Bafana star is that he is boosted by the return of left sided attacker Mxolisi Kunene from suspension. But Tinkler warned his players: “We need to go there and play with confidence and a lot of determination. “We have to stick to what we know and what we are good at. Our work ethic has been good and of course you want to see consistency.” Kaitano Tembo’s fired up Matsatsantsa side are one of the main contenders for the league title this season. The Tshwane giants, who are third on the table with 27 points from 16 games, go into this clash high on confidence. They defeated leaders Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 on Saturday to blow the league race wide open and kick off 2020 on a winning note. Meanwhile, Tinkler is pleased with the number of points his side collected in the first half round of the season. But the former Orlando Pirates and Cape Town City coach said it could have been more had they not let themselves down in some matches. The Team of Choice are seventh on the Premiership table with 21 points at the halfway mark. “Obviously I’d have like to have collected more points and I think we probably deserve to have collected more,” said Tinkler. “But there is a massive difference where we were and where we are now compared to last season.” After 15 league games played last season, Maritzburg had collected just 11 points. The club fired Fadlu Davids in December 2018 after they lost to Baroka FC in their 14th league fixture. Four days later they appointed Muhsin Ertugral as head coach. However, the Turkish-born coach was sacked after he lost his first five games in charge.