ABSA Premiership log leaders Kaizer Chiefs are not particularly worried about the chasing pack of Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United. Instead, the Glamour Boys are focused on running their own race as they continue to close in on what would be their first piece of silverware for nearly five years. They stretched their lead at the top of the Premiership standings to nine points at the weekend following another convincing 3-0 win, this time against Cape Town City at the FNB Stadium. They have now garnered an impressive 41 points from 17 matches, nine more than second-placed Downs and 10 more than third-placed SuperSport. Nevertheless, Middendorp insists that his side are not paying too much attention to what is happening behind them, nor are they getting carried away by their lead. “I say this all the time and I will not change my position. I’m not sitting there counting points or worried about what is possible at the end of the day,” Middendorp said. “We have a reference point in terms of what went well, what is okay. “It’s always the next game. We prepare for the next challenge. “If 41 points is a good number so far, then that’s great. But we have some competitors who have played a number of games less, like SuperSport, they have played a game more and are 10 points behind. In the end, we focus on our own movement, our own doing and leave all the other stuff off the field.” Middendorp reckons the best thing to have happened to his side was the defeat to SuperSport United two weeks ago as it gave them a rude awakening. Although his side did not play badly on the day, they needed to lose to realise that they have to do more to win games of football, especially in the fiercely competitive second half of the season. “This might surprise some but our best game was the loss to SuperSport,” added Middendorp. “In terms of dominance, producing opportunities, we conceded an offside goal and lost 2-1 but the most important thing is how we came out of that setback. “We made it very clear, there wasn’t a lot of stuff to criticise we just went into it. Performance-wise, I was aware that if we can produce this in the next games then we wouldn’t have any issues.” Chiefs will next make the tough trip to Thohoyandou to do battle with struggling Black Leopards on Saturday (3.30pm).