Matric results time is here and we're as excited about the prospects available to all these new travellers. Whether you love to travel locally or are keen to venture away from home - the options are endless for finding a travel career that will never leave you bored. From teaching to photography or being part of a flight crew - matriculants can incorporate their passion into their chosen career path. And in some cases you can earn a salary, while seeing new places, experiencing life overseas - as you go on the adventure of a lifetime. Here's our list of favourite options to choose from: Aid worker or volunteer If you want to travel for a living while making a real difference in people's lives, consider working for an international aid organisation like USAID or the UN. With a job like this, you can visit struggling countries and help its residents recover from dire situations such as natural disasters and famine. You'll need a background in a field like health, agriculture or education and a strong interest in social work. Aupair If you would like a way into your favourite country, have a caring heart and a passion for teaching then aupairing is a great option. You get to look after children all over the world, live a local lifestyle and adventure through a child's eyes. Plus, you get paid in the currency of your country - making exploring during your time off affordable and something to look forward to. Cruise ship crew If you like to spend your winter cruising around the Caribbean Island and your summer exploring the Atlantic Seas, this is your ultimate dream job. Luxury cruisers have jobs for everyone from cooks and cleaners to nursery staff, musicians, fitness instructors and beauty therapists. If you've got a recognised qualification and experience in customer services or hospitality you're well placed to start earning as you cruise. Travelling Musician If you love music and have a passion for music from cultures around the world - then art is a great way to meet age-old and modern musicians, listen and transcribe their music and all of the elements that influence it. Flight attendant If you love organising, looking after people and seeing the world from a different angle then you may love being a flight attendant. Flight attendants are always on the go and are mostly great multi-taskers. Linguist or translator Language will never go out of fashion and bi-lingual people are highly sought after. Share your skills all over the world. Once you have the skill - you can venture anywhere your nose leads you. Photographer If you have an eye for beautiful things, capturing live events and bring reality to the world then a photographer is the pathway to your success. Photographers are always needed and will never go out of fashion. South Africa is one of the most visually pleasing lands in the world and its rich diversity will always be sort after. Capture it! Pilot If you love taking charge, driving and connecting people to the world then being a pilot is a good option. Pilots lead busy lives, work extremely hard but often retire young and can enjoy a rather plush retirement. And, the job is in high demand... Sailor, yacht crew or skipper If you are a born water baby, get a thrill when you're at sea and fall in love with gorgeous beaches and islands, then being a sailor, yachtsman or skipper on a small, private boat is just for you (Think Kate Hudson in the movie Fool's Gold). Hands are always needed to cross the seas with ease and the destinations are endless. Teacher of English as a Foreign Language Sometimes billed as the last hope for the clueless-about-their-future, Teaching English as a Foreign Language (TEFL) lets you work practically anywhere in the world. The pay is good, jobs often come with flights and accommodation provided, you'll meet plenty of locals and have time to soak up the culture. You'll need a degree first, plus a TEFL qualification to get this travel job on the go. Tour guide Imagine spending your days guiding fellow travel lovers through destinations you know by heart. Wherever you want to go, popular travel destinations are always in need of friendly, knowledgeable guides to lead tourists through city sights and cultural excursions. You'll not only get to know the ins-and-outs of every place you operate in but teach other travellers to appreciate it too. Travel writer We all love reading about travel as much as we love actually doing it. Travel writers spark the imagination, wanderlust and feel of exploring the world. In order to be the best travel writer and reporter - you need to explore the world to be able to write about it. - Traveller24