LUC Eymael has pulled the race card in Tanzania accusing referee Hance Mabena's refusal to shake hands with him, after flashing him with a yellow card, as an act of racism. In a video by the BTV this weekend, the angry Belgian burst into an array of accusations after his club Young Africans SC, better known as Yang, lost 1-0 to second-placed Azam in the Tanzanian Premier League. This was the second loss in a row for the former Black Leopards coach and he claims that he is not used to losing twice in succession. Here he explains why he claims to be a victim of racism: "I want to again complain about the (match) officiating. Firstly there was a tackle in front of line, and he (referee) said nothing. My players reacted and one of them was given a red-card. And then the referee comes to me and showed me a yellow card. "I wanted to give him the hand (shake hand) and he said 'I don't want your hand'. So why are you here? Is it because I am white? Do you have a problem with white people? This is very bad. When I go back to Belgium I will say in Tanzania they are racists. They don't want to shake my hand. I am very upset. This is racism... I came here to try and bring a good brand of soccer, and when I see (such) a reaction, I ask myself, what is happening here? "I am not happy about officiating and other things happening around - white is white, red is red and orange is orange, green is green and blue is blue. I don't know what is up with the referee. It is very, very difficult... "We lost, and I have no problem with Azam coach. They won and no cheating from Azam. But I was wondering, officials are always against us. Two games and two red cards. "If it was in Congo then the fans would have jumped into the pitch running after the officials. Do that with AS Vita Club and see how they will react. There is only one way: I am very disappointed. "Eymael has further given an impression that he might be asking for an early exit from his contract when he said he will meet with his club bosses to discuss his "future" with Yanga. "Now I am thinking about my future," said the furious coach. "I will speak with my (club) committee about my future. I am not happy about what is happening. Not about other things. I will discuss this with my Yanga people. There is always a place for improvement, BUT I am NOT sure if it will be with me.  Which team in Europe is using two strikers. That is not working. And most teams  are doing it here. My committee thinks so too. And they want me to play 3-5-2." In fact, Eymael has not won a single match since he joined Yanga: drew 2-2 with table-toppers Simba, lost 3-2 to second-placed Kagera Sugar and to Azam. Yanga are eighth on the log.    WHAT VIDEO HERE:   