BAFANA Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki is in Cairo, Egypt today for the second-round draw of the Confederation of African Football’s (Caf) 2022 Qatar Fifa Word Cup qualifiers taking place at the Ritz-Carlton hotel. South Africa are seeded in Pot 2 with Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Guinea and Uganda while reigning Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) champions Algeria are in Pot 1 with Senegal, Tunisia, Morocco, Ghana, Egypt, Cameroon, Mali, Congo DR. Ntseki told SunSport that he is looking forward to the draw where they will know who their next opponents will be during the World Cup qualifiers. The second round will see the top 26 ranked African teams joined by the 14 winners from the first round. These teams will be drawn into 10 groups of four teams. The qualifying matches will take place in March where Ntseki is relaxed about who they will draw. “It is always good to have a suitable draw, no matter which country. We need to build our national with talented players who are willing to die for the badge,” Ntseki said before his departure to Cairo. Safa president Danny Jordaan believes South Africa is in with a chance to qualify for the World Cup. “We’re now in the last 15 in Africa,” Jordaan said. “We have to play hard to improve to the final 10 and then later final five. In March we start with the World Cup qualifiers where the real work starts for us. In between there will be the Tokyo Olympics. Now how does Molefi deal with it? “There is the Under 23s who are out there to help him. It is going to be an interesting year of huge challenges. Africa needs to be the best in the world. But how do you achieve that with a massive 54 federations in Africa and only five teams qualify?” He advised the Bafana coach to look to the generation of players who have been to Afcon, the Under-17, U-20 to U-23s who have been to their respective Afcons and qualified for the different age World Cups, “like the Rio and Tokyo Olympics”. THE POTS Pot 1: Algeria, Senegal, Tunisia, Morocco, Ghana, Egypt, Cameroon, Mali, Congo DR Pot 2: Burkina Faso, South Africa, Guinea, Uganda, Cape Verde, Gabon, Benin, Zambia, Congo, Ivory Coast Pot 3: Madagascar, Mauritania, Libya, Mozambique, Kenya, Zimbabwe, Niger, Central African Republic, Namibia, Guinea-Bissau Pot 4: Malawi, Angola, Togo, Sudan, Rwanda, Tanzania, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Liberia, Djibouti