THE Springbok Sevens squad have their plans laid out as they prepare to tackle Argentina, Samoa and France in Pool B of the HSBC Sydney Sevens this weekend.The Blitzbokke arrived from Hamilton, New Zealand earlier on Monday. It was an unhappy visit to the Land of the Long White Cloud, with three consecutive defeats at FMG Stadium Waikato a real dampener after the strong start in the opening two tournaments of the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series. The Australian tournament will be played this Saturday and Sunday at the Parramatta Stadium, with the venue being used for the first time. It’s also a first for the Blitzboks to arrive in Australia on the back of such a disappointing performance in New Zealand. Springbok Sevens physiotherapist Hugh Everson said recovery of the players is top of the agenda at this stage. “We have some niggles, so we will apply some ice and strapping to make sure the guys recover sufficiently and get rid of the inflammation and swelling,” Everson explained. “We want the guys to be able to train at the expected levels when they return to the field on Tuesday.” It will not only be the bodies that will be sore – a look at the stats from Hamilton will also hurt. All is not doom and gloom though and as the players recover, so will the knowledge that they are still in second position on the series log. The team's commitment can also not be questioned as the Hamilton stats showed that only log leaders, New Zealand, made more tackles (218) than the Blitzboks (214). The Pools for Sydney are: A: New Zealand, Kenya, Fiji, Wales B: France, Argentina, South Africa, Samoa C: Australia, USA, Scotland, Japan D: England, Canada, Ireland, Spain Notes from HSBC New Zealand Sevens • Cecil Afrika improved his all-time try-scoring tally to 1445 points. He is followed by Branco du Preez (1310), who extended his record for most tournaments in the World Series to 72. • Justin Geduld, who is the leading points scorer for the Blitzboks so far this season (74), will play in his 50th tournament for the team in Sydney. • Chris Dry (28) is the leading tackler so far this season, followed by JC Pretorius (26)   