IN A world saturated by health gimmicks, miracle eating plans and fitness fads, there is finally something on the market that takes people’s goals as seriously as they do . . . And it goes by the name JEFF. Johno’s e-Fitness Faculty (JEFF) is a revolutionary new fitness service that balances the ease and accessibility of a mobile fitness program with the comforting human input of a personal trainer and a simple, balanced eating plan. The brainchild of top sports conditioning coach, Johno Meintjes, the program is an innovative digital fitness, nutrition. It coaches and serves anyone, anywhere and at any time. Aimed at helping refine one’s health, the fitness strategies provide a structured training routine and personalised nutritional program overseen by a remote team of real-life, approachable and fully qualified personal coaches. It puts you in charge but makes you 100% accountable for making real, sustainable, life-long habit changes. “The reality is that if you could have done this by yourself, you would have done it already. The mentoring and coaching side of the program is the part that brings it all together,” said Johno. Before creating the program, founder Johno spent six years working with Mzansi’s top national cricket, hockey and rugby teams. Since launch, the program has been used by the likes of Maps Maponyane, Lady Kitty Spencer, Graeme Smith, Jacques Kallis, and Mark Boucher (to name but a few) to become slimmer, fitter and happier versions of themselves. Whether signing up for the 7- or 14-week, or the 7-week home-based program, people get the following support to ensure that they smash their fitness objectives: On average people lose 5-7kgs, 1-2 clothing sizes and 8cm off the waist on the 7-week plan and 10kgs, 1-3 clothing sizes, and 13cm off the waist on the 14-week plan. One of the program’s success stories, Lynette Botha said: “I can honestly say that this is the best my body has ever looked. “I am so glad I joined. It was the best decision of my life.”