THE Spar Proteas are hoping to pick up from where they left off last season in the New Year. Skipper Bongiwe Msomi and her teammates ended 2019 with a morale boasting 60-54 victory over the England Roses in a Test series at the Velodrome, Bellville in Cape Town in December. Although the Proteas lost the series 2-1, their victory in the dead rubber, restored some pride for the senior national netball team. The Proteas are now raring to go ahead of the Vitality Four Nation’s Cup against hosts England, Jamaica and New Zealand starting on Sunday in London. Last year they finished in fourth place in the International Netball Federation World Cup in Liverpool. They are returning to the UK high on confidence having beaten Jamaica and England in 2019. With new coach Dorette Badenhorst and her assistant Dumisani Chauke, the future is looking bright for the 2023 Netball World Cup host nation. The Proteas open their campaign against Jamaica, a team that they stunned 55-52 at the World Cup in July, on Sunday. Coach Badenhorst said the series against the England Roses in the Mother City last year was all about testing combinations. She was still new in the job but having played a couple of matches, she will be hoping to upset the big nations at the first tournament of the New Year. She announced a strong 12-member squad that will do battle in London. Netball SA (NSA) president Cecilia Molokwane said she is confident that the team will fly the SA flag proudly in England. Molokwane said: “We have confidence in the coaches and the team that they have selected for the Four Nations Cup. "We have seen how well the team performed in the Africa Nations Cup and the Test series against England. Selecting this team was not easy considering how well all the players played in the two tournaments. "The team is very strong and ready to do battle.” Shooters Lenize Potgieter and Erin Burger will be hoping to carry off from where they left off against the England Roses in Cape Town. Centres Msomi and Khanyisa Chawane, the youngest member in the squad at 23 years of age, will be hoping to make their presence count in the team. 