AFRICAN football is as smelly as a buffalo carcass that’s been left to rot in the wild. For months on end, even vultures refuse to have a taste of it. Caf president Ahmad Ahmad’s administration is the only confederation in the world that houses 56 federations. To control the swarm of flies requires a fly-catcher. The case in point is the criteria used to select winners of some categories in the annual Caf Awards held in Egypt on Tuesday. And some of the decisions taken by Caf and its so-called leadership are worse than Donald Trump’s, who is not aware that he’s stirring the World War III pot against Iraq, following the killing of top Iranian general Qasem Soleimani. Such as the Caf Confederation’s statement this week about the winners of the awards highlight the controversial Moise Katumbi – owner of DR Congo club TP Mazembe – shockingly announced as winner of the Club President of the Year award. There’s nothing wrong recognising someone for their contribution in a specific field. But there’s no rulebook in the Caf Awards, especially for awards such as the Club President of the Year. TP Mazembe are one of the powerhouse clubs in Africa, they did very little last year for their president to be awarded. The last time Katumbi’s club won something big in Africa was back in 2017, when they won the Caf Confederation Cup. either than that it has been smaller domestic competitions. With the shortage of presidents to be honoured with awards, why didn’t Mamelodi Sundowns boss Patrice Motsepe get one for his contribution in African football? Motsepe has driven Sundowns to become a force to be reckoned with. His club also, though falling outside of the date of the awards, won the Champions League and took part in the Fifa Club World Cup. In my experience, entries are reviewed and rated based on the rule book by a selected group of judges. To spray dirt in our face, Caf showed disrespect for Africans by including Liverpool spoiled brat Joel Matip in the Fifpro Best XI as one of the defenders. The nerve! The German-born Cameroonian nearly caused a fit for The Indomitable Lions coaches – Hugo Broos (2017) and Clarence Seedorf (2019) – respectively, when he rejected their call-up letters to the national team for the Africa Cup of Nations. Would you regard someone like that as African? Now what is he doing in the team? Instead of having runaway players like Matip, the Caf selectors and judges could have done justice to the awards and included Percy Tau, who has done extremely well for the continent at Club Brugge. I also wonder what is that and what did Egypt do to deserve the Federation of the Year, despite digging into their deep pockets to host all these Caf events? When Ahmad came to power, many thought the Confederation’s administration would improve from Issa Hayatou’s. But that was not to be the case. By the way, congratulations to Desiree Ellis – the only deserving award recipient for African Women’s Coach of the Year.