Renowned actress and TV producer Connie Ferguson is always serving body goals on social media. But, the star has revealed that for a long time she had fears of falling while working out. Connie said she has for a long time feared falling on a box that she does her squats on, but yesterday she said she decided to face her fears. Taking to her Instagram account, she wrote: "I’m a relatively strong and fit woman, but even I have certain fears that hold me back from my true potential! One of those fears is falling!.I’m sure you’ve noticed in my workout videos that I have never actually jumped onto the box, but rather stepped on and did a squat!Yesterday, for the first time, I decided to face this fear and see if I can actually jump onto the box!.After a lot of back and forth and psyching myself up, I did it! Thank you @xolisani_nomeva and my baby @ali.ferguson_ for having more faith in me than I did!???? You believed I could and damnit I did!???? It felt so good! .Sometimes you just have to take that LEAP OF FAITH and do things that scare you! That’s the road to true success". I’m a relatively strong and fit woman, but even I have certain fears that hold me back from my true potential! One of those fears is falling!?? . I’m sure you’ve noticed in my workout videos that I have never actually jumped onto the box, but rather stepped on and did a squat!??????‍?? Yesterday, for the first time, I decided to face this fear and see if I can actually jump onto the box!?? . After a lot of back and forth and psyching myself up, I did it!???????????? Thank you @xolisani_nomeva and my baby @ali.ferguson_ for having more faith in me than I did!???? You believed I could and damnit I did!???? It felt so good!?????????????? . Sometimes you just have to take that LEAP OF FAITH and do things that scare you! That’s the road to true success!?? . #iconniecfit #fitisthenewcool #mindbodyspirithealth . ?? The Kid @ali.ferguson_ A post shared by  Connie Ferguson (@connie_ferguson) on Jan 13, 2020 at 10:38pm PST At 49, the actress still looks good and has over the years adopted a healthy gym regimen, which she often shares on her social media pages. 