ANC secretary general Ace Magashule has warned the party
risks losing state power because of internal factional divisions. Speaking to Jan Kempdorp residents in a drum up campaign
for the January 8 celebrations to be held at the Tafel Park Stadium in Kimberly
on Saturday, Magashule warned that what happened to Tshwane and Joburg metro
could strike nationally if these divisions were not addressed. “We are not happy with a divided ANC. We are not happy
with people who think they are above the ANC. This ANC is not the ANC of
leaders, it’s the ANC of the people. If the ANC wants to lose power it must
stop working with people and it will see flames,” Magashule told a few dozens
of people who has gathered at the MacDonald Pitso Grounds. Magashule warned that the party must not be arrogant and
expel people because each and every vote was important. “The ANC cannot afford to be arrogant and say it doesn’t
certain people because the day you lose power... You must ask them in Tswane,
you must ask them in Joburg,” he said. Magashule told the supporters that he had been
interacting with residents earlier in the day and was not happy with what he
had been told. In most of the door to door interactions, Magashule was told of
how certain councilors were booted out of the party. These were councilors believed to have been in support of
the NDZ faction, which Magashule was on its ticket going to the Nasrec national
conference. In these door to door Magashule promised that the national
leadership will attend. At the show grounds these concerns were also raised and
Magashule again promised that he will bring the party’s top six so they can
solve the matter. He warned that these divisions could destroy the party
and that with these divisions, there would never be service delivery. He told the supporters that he had come to the area to
talk about the 108 celebrations but he could not turn a blind eye on what was
happening. “We will not turn a blind eye when we have seen that
people do not have houses and some do not have toilets. What we are happy about
is that after we have spoken to the leadership, we agreed that we must sit down
with those who have been expelled so that we can solve the problems of the ANC. “You can’t solve the problems of the ANC being expelling
people, you solve the problems of the ANC by sitting down with everybody and
talk,” he said. Magashule said being a leader is about working the people
and not being a chairman or secretary general. “Being a leader is not a status. We must be united. A
leader that says he never makes mistakes, that’s a not a leader because a
leader that falters is one that works. If you are not working you cannot
falter,” said Magashule.