Over the
past 30 years, male grooming has changed monumentally. In our grandfather’s
day, too much emphasis on male grooming was considered feminine and would most
likely be ridiculed. The male grooming industry has gone from a non-entity, to
a multi-billion-dollar global industry with hundreds of brands vying for the
attention of men, both old and young. Some male
grooming trends have been around for years, but They’re still highly
relevant.  The first of these is the growing trend of products that cater
to a more simplistic routine or providing multi-benefit solutions. These
usually appeal to a younger, millennial male audience and are multi-purpose.
Examples include hair & body wash and products that cleanse & exfoliate
in one step. Claire
Bowen from male deodorant brand Shower to Shower Men says that she believes
that we’ll see the continued emphasis and focus on self-care in 2020. “Although
men have more of an interest in face creams, body washes and serums, now than
before, it’s no secret that the external factors in our increasingly stressful
lives contribute more now to our appearance. People are placing more emphasis
on leading lives that are healthier. Quitting smoking, reducing stress,
healthier eating and increasing exercise – particularly outdoors – is on the
rise.” Bowen says that this was one of the inspirations behind the new Shower
to Shower Men advertising campaign which features calisthenics, a niche but
growing extreme exercise discipline, usually performed outdoors. “Our audience
is pushing their bodies more than ever before, all in the interest of health
and wellbeing.” Bowen says
that facial hair is back on trend for the New Year and the grooming thereof is
under the spotlight. “We’re seeing anything from goatees, chin straps to
fade-cut beards rising in popularity and experts say that a beard can even
contribute to how trustworthy people find you!”  Along with the rising
trend, old-school beard products are making a comeback. South African men are
now on the look out for wax, oil as well as conditioners that will keep their
asset ship-shape. From a
fragrance perspective, Bowen comments that one of the ongoing trends in scent
is the development of unisex fragrances. “The fragrances in this category
usually consist of citrus and crisp green apple infused with warm tones like
amber and musk and tend to be equally liked by men and women. We’ve already
seen numerous fragrances hit the market and this trend will continue into
2020.”  For more
information follow Shower to Shower on Facebook and Instagram https://www.instagram.com/showertoshower/?hl=enhttps://www.facebook.com/ShowerToShowerSA/