Limpopo Premier Stanley Mathabatha yesterday visited ANC supporters at the Mokopane Hospital who survived a deadly crash on Sunday while on the way to the party’s 108 provincial birthday celebration. Premier was accompanied by MEC For Health Dr Phophi Ramathuba, Nkakareng Rakgoale for Social Development, Dickson Masemola for Transport and Community safety, Monica Mochadi for Public Works, Thandi Moraka for Sport Arts and Culture, Agriculture MEC Mandi Nadalane, Thabo Mokone for the Economic Development Environment and Tourism as well as Mogalakwena Mayor Andrina Matsemela. Mathabatha says the conditions of the patients are satisfying. “We have already met with all the departments involved in the matter and we will wait for investigation from the department of Transport about the technicalities of the bus. Should it found that there are challenges detected from the buses, we will ensure that all buses are all checked.” “We have sent Road Accident Fund to the bereaved families to assist them with the burial preparations. We will be available at their funerals on Saturday,” he said. Five passengers,all women and the  bus driver  were declared dead at the scene. The deadly accident happened on the R81 road in Ga-Sekgopo village outside Polokwane. The bus had collected the supporters from five villages including in Ga-Matlala in the Waterburg Region in Limpopo. One patient Welheminah Matlou (32) said she is worried that some of the patients were badly injured. She is injured on the arm and shoulder. “I feel better on the body but I am still shocked by what I have witnessed the day of the incident. I am concerned that some of the people I travelled with died on the scene. The bus swerved on the road and we tried to call the driver to apply the brakes, they failed. It was painful to have witnessed such a horrific accident. The driver had been calling another one person before saying there was beak failures before it started swerving and fell by the driver’ side,” she said. One patient was discharged yesterday from Mokopane hospital. Out of the 16 patients who were admitted from different hospitals in the province, only 13 are still in hospital and three were discharged.