SAYS
the only thing that will separate him from Moroka Swallows F.C is death! Joe (67)
from Soshanguve Block L, north of Tshwane says he has been a fan since he was a
young boy. “I fell in
love with the team when I was very young and I never looked back since,” he
said. He has
painted his house in and out with the maroon and white colours, he put logos of
the team around his house and got his two cars painted with the colours as
well. He says his
love for the team grew bigger by the years despite the team’s downfall.  “I don’t
know why I love it, but what I know is that I love it with all my heart,” he
said. He said
many people around him always speak bad of it but that doesn’t change how he
feels about it. “When
someone talks bad about my team, I support them but deep down I know that it is
my favourite,” he said. He said he
always make sure that he wears the team jersey.  “When I was
still had a job, every Friday I would wear the kit and everyone knew very well
that it made me happy,” he said. He said he
started decorating his house in 1991 when he moved in. “This house
is Moroka Swallows’ warehouse. This is their home,” he said. He said he
stays alone but his family doesn’t have a problem with how his house looks. “My son
doesn’t have a problem with how this house looks, he sometimes comes here to visit,
and he is already used to it. “But my
girlfriend refused me to decorate my lounge,” he said.  He said his
dream is to meet the team players. “It would
be a dream come true. “I would
love for them to see the love I have for the and the team as a whole and that
they must know that I support and put them in prayers at all times,” he said. He said
people around always wait and take pictures of the house. “This house
has turned into a museum and people love it,” he said. While the
SunTeam was busy talking to Joe people were staring at house. “Wow this
man is a real fan, it takes someone with a big heart to do something like this.
The team must identify him and do something because his love is skin deep,” one
of the people said.