Thousands of ANC supporters gathered at the Tafel Larger Park in Kimberley to celebrate the organisation’s 108 years of existence. President Cyril Ramaphosa delivered a range of promises in his keynote address. Amongst the promises made, was that Eskom will not be privatised. “Eskom will not be privatised and those who think it will, are wrong,” said Ramaphosa, amid speculations that the country’s power utility might end up in private hands. He said government must give priority to the urgent and necessary work required to ensure the stability of electricity supply. "This means that we must both accelerate the introduction of new electricity generation and complete the measures undertaken to ensure the financial and operational stability of Eskom,” he said. Ramaphosa also spoke about the implementation of the accelerated land reform programme, which includes mechanisms of land expropriation without compensation. “This in order to provide land to those who need it and work it, including young people and women.” Ramaphosa said the return of land will happen and it will be done in a manner that promotes economic growth and sustains food security. “We urge structures of the movement to engage this issue critically and to ensure that the relevant amendment is passed without delay,” he said. The president added that the country needs to undergo a skills revolution to break the cycle of poverty and grow an inclusive economy. He said that to reduce poverty, his government will intensify other measures such as provision of water, sanitation and electricity. “For far too long the economy has excluded the overwhelming majority of the country’s population, which are mostly black, female, young and rural. "We need to address the way in which access to wealth, land, education, employment, and opportunity remains severely and undeniably skewed according to race,” said Ramaphosa. The president also called on South Africans to stop women abuse and that the violence, prejudice and discrimination directed towards the LGBTQI community needs to be confronted.