PROPHET BUSHIRI says he’s lucky to be alive. He said he survived an assassination attempt. “I WAS HELD AT GUNPOINT BY THREE MEN,” SAID THE PROPHET. READ: WATCH: PERVERT PASTOR BUST! “Thank you all for your prayers. Praise be to God.” Prophet Shepherd Bushiri of the Enlightened Christian Gathering Church posted on his Facebook account on Wednesday that for some time, including yesterday, he had been alerting the authorities of the threats.Speaking to Daily Sun, church spokesman Ephraim Nyondo confirmed the assassination attempt.  Nyondo said a case was opened at the Sandton Police Station. “The prophet was heading to his church offices in Sandton when he stopped at a garage to buy water and three men with firearms rushed towards him,” said Nyondo. “The guards got out of their car and the men fled.” He said Bushiri locked himself in the car. “The prophet doesn’t know these people or why they’d attack him. “He was saved from the assassination by God.” READ: 'HLENGIWE MHLABA CRASHED MY CAR!' Nyondo said Bushiri went to church and thanked God for saving him. “There have been other attacks which we reported to the cops, but nothing happened,” he said. He said a group of men in a police van robbed the church in September of its money. Nyondo said a case was opened but nothing happened. “Our leader is under attack and doesn’t feel safe anymore,” he said. “We know there are people out to kill him. “We need them arrested and the justice system must also do its work in the previous cases.” On Facebook, Bushiri’s supporters wished their pastor well. Chenny GraceMan says: “We thank God you’re safe Sir Major 1. “It’s my prayer that those hitmen and the people behind be exposed and arrested.” Honey Favored said: “No weapon formed against us shall prosper. READ: LIFE FOR RAPE GANG! “We will never die an untimely death. “Prophets are heavenly protected and heavenly defended. “Fear not for our God is a faithful God. We love you, dad.” Ireen Mamba said: “Papa, I thank God Almighty for saving your life. “No harm shall come near you. “They may try but it can never prosper. God will always be with you.” At the time of going to print, Bushiris lawyer Terrence Baloyi was busy at the cop shop. “The prophet and his legal team are busy with the police,” said Nyondo.