THE Matric pass rate in the country’s prisons increased this year! Minister of Justice and Correctional Services, Ronald Lamola announced at the release of 2019 Inmate Matric Results event at the Tswelopele Correctional Centre in Kimberly on Thursday. “The total number of full-time inmates who sat for the Grade 12 Examinations in 2019 was 161. “It gives me great pleasure to announce that the Grade 12 class of 2019 achieved an 82.6% pass rate,” he said. He said 133 offender pupils passed and 65 achieved bachelor passes. “Critical to acknowledge is that a total of six of our schools registered a 100% pass rate. “This represents a phenomenal increase when compared to the 77.3 per cent we achieved in 2018,” he said. Lamola said they have had a stable 2019 academic year. “There were less disruptions of teaching and learning as a consequence of cooperation and understanding within our correctional facilities on the importance of education by the offender population and for that, we are all grateful,” he said He said they must co-exist and adopt an integrated approach and view education not merely as a basic education issue, but as a societal imperative. “This administration has made it clear that we will do everything within our power to alleviate poverty, inequality and unemployment and education is central towards realizing this,” he said He said the Department of Correctional Services is proud to be part of a democratic system, which also offers offenders access to education. “We take pride in our efforts as we have managed to establish a total of 16 full-time correctional centre schools, including two at our Public-Private Partnership centres which are Mangaung and Kutama Sinthumule,” he said Department of Correctional Services spokesman Singabakho Nxumalo said they are very proud and grateful to the commitment and dedication by the inmates and educators. The offender learner that achieved the highest average percentage pass rate was, Stangoni Sandile, from Usethubeni Youth, Durban Management Area, KZN Region, with an average percentage pass rate of 76,5%. Stangoni scored four (4) distinctions in English, Maths Literacy, Life orientation and Tourism.