A DURBAN businessman with links to former president Jacob Zuma allegedly plundered millions of police funds. Retired Colonel Johannes van Loggerenberg told the Zondo Commission yesterday that despite overwhelming evidence he and his team gathered against businessman Troshan Panday, Advocate Tumetsi Letsholo of the NPA declined to prosecute. He said this was despite the evidence being discussed with Letsholo, who was initially happy with it. Letsholo argued the evidence was stained and was obtained through tapping of phones. “This was a political decision. Everyone knew and the investigators knew Panday and Edward Zuma were business partners,” Loggerenberg testified. He said the evidence was obtained correctly and in accordance with the Criminal Procedure Act. Loggerenberg said Panday made a killing by inflating tender prices to accommodate cops during the 2010 World Cup. “Having investigated how much other hotels and B&Bs charged, we realised Panday’s prices were 200% to 400% higher and at this point we started a full investigation,” testified Loggerenberg. He said cops’ accommodation for the 2010 World Cup cost the police department more than R60 million. In another case, Panday bought generators for R5 000 each and sold them to the police for between R92 000 and R97 000. Loggernberg said he received death threats during the probes and was tipped off by a woman who worked for Panday that there were people who wanted to “take him out”. He said he reported the matter to authorities, who promised to investigate. He said after the prosecution was denied, they were tempted to hide the docket from the police but eventually took it to Ipid, who agreed there was a case. “Then we were called by Advocate Gerrie Nel, who also agreed there was a case to answer. “But then the docket was taken away from him (Nel). We knew this as we wanted to know from him what was happening with the case,” said Loggerenberg. He said it was then that they learnt the docket had been taken away from Nel. But Loggerenberg said he had no idea what had happened with the case.