In a series of tweets, radio personality Lerato Kganyago spoke candidly about moving on from her four-year relationship. Lerato is known for keeping her romantic relationship under wraps and was previously linked to Bafana Bafana stiker Katlego Mashego. Although she kept her relationship in 2019 private, in February she reminded her followers that one shouldn't make assumptions based on someone's social media profile, saying: "Just because I don't post, cars, homes, family or boyfriends, don't assume I don't have." Kicking off the series of the tweets on Monday, she said: "Getting over someone you thought you would never get over, has to be the most fulfilling feeling ever!" Reflecting on the heartbreaking experience, she confirmed that she had "parted ways" with her partner, who she thought was the "love of her life". She also explained the challenges when having to host Ask A Man on Metro FM and listening to callers' relationship stories, while she was experiencing her own heartache. Now, with a positive outlook on 2020, she wrote: "Now I'm happy again," adding: "Part of life. You move on." Although she did name or identify her ex-boyfriend, she said that he "carried on with his life like [she] never existed," and that after 6-months of healing she can see him without her heart skipping a beat. She said that she hoped her thread, would help someone going through the same thing. Getting over someone you thought you would never get over, has to be the most fulfilling feeling ever!  Perks of keeping your relationship private, for those that do, is taking your L’s in private! Parted ways with someone I thought was the love of my life, after 4 years, went through the heartbreak in private, cried in private and moved TF along....   We are all human! Remember that ??  We planned a trip together, I took leave for 2 weeks, and a week before he ditched me ??????????...Got to work the following day and everyone was like “Hawu? Wena?” ... I said “Neeeeh I changed my mind” ?? The lies!  Calling him while you are in tears....A re “can I call you back”?! ??????????  Remember you can’t change a person and you can’t force ANYONE to love you the way you do!  SOURCE/THE JUICE