HE was out on bail, but that didn’t stop him from allegedly killing someone. He then took to social media to show off his holding cell, saying it was home. READ: COP’S BIG 4-5 DROOL! As if that was not enough, he also warned his haters he would cause chaos when he returned. The 17-year-old shared this in two videos, which have been circulating on social media.The videos have shocked many, including the family of Thorisho Kgomo (18), who was allegedly killed by the young man, said to be a member of a gang calling themselves Burial 13.   Thorisho was stabbed several times for his iPhone in Seshego, outside Polokwane in Limpopo, last Thursday.  He died on Sunday after he spent three days in ICU at Netcare Pholoso Hospital in Polokwane. Thorisho’s uncle Rhodes (43) said Thorisho had asked for forgiveness from his mother before he went into a coma. “His last words to his parents were, ‘Mama, I’m sorry’. He was apologising for going out that night because he wasn’t supposed to be out there. “It’s been hard for his parents since his death, but they’re coping through the support from the community.” He said Thorisho suffered serious stab wounds to his left jaw and in the lower part of his back. He said they were shocked the suspect had the guts to post a video inside a police holding cell. Evans Mabato, president of Seshego Youth Command, said: “We’re shocked by the video clips and wondering how the suspect made it into the cells with a phone. “He must rot in jail because he’s showing no sign of remorse. Clearly, people aren’t safe in the streets if he is released.” The suspect was bust on Sunday. According to the police, he was out on bail for rape when he allegedly stabbed Thorisho. He was bust for the rape of a 14-year-old victim on 3 November. He also faces a charge of assault which was opened at Lebowakgomo Police Station, and a case of robbery which was opened in Sunnyside in Tshwane. Limpopo police spokesman Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo said they conducted investigations when the video emerged. They had learnt the clips were not captured at Seshego Police Station. They were apparently captured s at Bosasa Polokwane Child and Youth Care Centre, where the suspect is being held.  “The Seshego cluster commander went to the centre to report the suspect when the clips were seen on social media. “A suspect is always searched when taken into any of our cells. We search them and take off their belts, shoe threads and cellphones.” The suspect appeared in the Seshego Magistrates Court on Tuesday and was due to appear again on 22 February. During his court appearance, scores of people, mostly youths, stood in front of the court demanding he be denied bail. Thorisho, who was supposed to be in grade 12 at Northern Academy, will be buried at his home in Luthuli phase 1 outside Polokwane tomorrow. READ: MASTER KG SPOILS HIMSELF! Thoriso was the first born to his parents and leaves behind two siblings, a boy (5) and a girl (12). When the Sunteam arrived at his family home, his aunts and cousins had just come from his memorial service held at his school. They looked emotionally drained while preparations for his burial were under way. Tents were being stretched and mobile toilets put on the streets to accommodate a large number of people that had came to the family to send their condolences.