SHIMZA, an international DJ and producer has been announced as one of the headline acts to play at the upcoming 2020 Tomorrowland Music Festival in Boom, Belgium, proving that he is a force to be reckoned with in the global dance music scene. Tomorrowland is dubbed the biggest and brightest EDM international festival having clocked 400 000 attendees in 2018. On 26 July 2020, SHIMZA will set alight the Masquerade Stage with his commanding and body shaking skills on the decks that no music lover can resist. He will share the stage with Claptone (Germany), Green Velvet (US), Solardo (Manchester), London DJ, Michael Bibi (UK), Cloonee (UK) and Local. Born Ashley Raphala, SHIMZA hails from the streets of Tembisa in the City of Ekurhuleni, South Africa, where he has honed his skills over the last 16 years to become one of the top entertainers in the country, conquering stages in all the major cities. With increasing global demand, he has expanded beyond local borders and over the last 10 years has exported his unique African sound to play international stages in cities around the world including Miami, Portugal, New York, Ibiza, Paris and London, to name a few. Last year Shimza’s debuted at Tomorrowland on invitation from Budweiser, where he played at the Bud District camping site. Being one of the headliners at this year’s Tomorrowland festival comes as a natural progression as he continues to stamp his presence at the world’s biggest and most sought after dance music festivals. In response to the Tomorrowland announcement Shimza said: “I am extremely excited about playing Tomorrowland as it has always been my dream to play at one of the world’s biggest festivals. Playing at the Bud event last year gave me a unique opportunity to learn more about the festival be part of it. Going back to play alongside Claptone and others is beyond my imagination. I am grateful and cannot wait to rock Tomorrowland.” The festival not only offers a world class music experience, but caters to the party culture’s holistic structure including camping, great food, lifestyle and more. From it’s out of this world stage design, music production and unpredictable sets that the headliners take while on stage. A highlight in my life, a dream come true. I’ve always dreamed of having my name on this flyer and it’s finally happening ???????? I can not wait!!!! @tomorrowland 2020 let’s goooo!!!! #Tomorrowland2020 #Shimza A post shared by  SHIMZA (@shimza.dj) on Jan 24, 2020 at 3:00am PST  