The rise of social media has led to many new makeup
trends; the most popular of them all is contouring. Contouring was a well-kept
secret by makeup artists until Kim Kardashian, the contour queen, opened our
eyes to this transformative makeup technique that has changed the makeup game
forever. What is contouring? Contouring involves using a shade that is darker than
your skin tone to create shadows to frame the face & accentuate your
features. Highlighter does the exact opposite by using a shade lighter than
your skin tone to bring certain features forward. These two techniques can
achieve stronger jawline, a slimmer nose, and those high cheekbones you’ve
always wanted! Let’s get to work! There are a few options when it comes to formula and
technique. They’re all equally fabulous, it just depends on what you prefer!
But don’t stress because Viva La Diva has it all to help you achieve your
desired look. Contouring can either be done underneath or on top of
the foundation. If you want something more natural, contouring underneath the
foundation is the way to go and a cream formula works best here. Viva La Diva’s Cream Contour Palette (R355)
has every shade you’ll need. Use a darker shade to sculpt your cheekbones, jaw,
and forehead. The lighter shades to highlight, draw attention to the highest
points of the face.  For extra glow, apply the Glow Me Up Liquid Highlighter (R210) after
moisturiser to give the skin an all-over lustre. It can be mixed in with
foundation to get a more subtle all-over glow to the skin. Or used as the final
step amp up your look, by applying it with your ring finger to the highest
points of the face, i.e. cheekbones, brow bone, & tip of the nose.  If you decide to contour and highlight after you’ve
applied foundation, then a powder formula will sit better on the skin. Viva La Diva’s Matte Bronzers (R195) come in
handy here! They’re super pigmented and buttery so will do a perfect job at
sculpting & bronzing the face.  Use their Powder Contour Palette (R355) to colour
correct, contour & highlight the face. The extensive range of
products includes (but is not limited to) Foundation, Concealer, Powders,
Contour & Highlighting Pallets, Blushers & Bronzers, Eyeliners,
Eyeshadows, Lipstick, Lip Gloss, and is available online from
www.vivaladiva.co.za