MAMELODI Sundowns have the potential to go all the way in their Caf Champions League campaign. After playing against the South African champions twice, USM Alger coach Billel Dziri, believes that the Tshwane giants should be counted among the favourites to win the continental title this year. The Brazilians completed the double over the Algerian based outfit. They recorded a 1-0 win over USM in Algiers during the Christmas recess. At the weekend Pitso Mosimane’s charges registered a 2-1 victory over the North African outfit at Loftus Versfeld to take six points off them. On the basis of these two matches, the former Algerian national team midfielder Dziri is convinced that the 2016 African champions can go all the way to lift their second continental title. The 2-1 score line was not a true reflection of the outcome as the home side wasted numerous goal scoring opportunities to end the game as a contest in the first half. Thapelo Morena opened the scoring nine minutes before the halftime break, but Aimen Mahious headed home the equaliser from a well taken cross a minute before the interval. But the visitors’ joy was short lived as Sibusiso Vilakazi restored his side’s lead two minutes later in injury time. Downs failed to add to their advantage after the halftime break. Mohamed Meftah missed a late penalty that could have resulted in this match ending in a draw eight minutes from time when his effort hit the crossbar. Dziri said Downs are a force to be reckoned with after he watched them eliminate his side from the competition with two games still to play. Dziri said: “Congratulations to Sundowns. They controlled the game and outplayed us. We were lucky to lose by just a one goal margin things could have been terrible for us. We played against a consistent side and they really have the potential to go all the way. I think that they can win the title this year.” The Brazilians qualified from Group C with two games to spare with 10 points from four matches, followed by Wydad Casabalanca of Morocco in second place with six points. Petro de Luanda and Wydad played to a 2-2 draw in Angola. Downs’ next match is away to Petro de Luanda in Luanda and they end their campaign at home against Wydad before they shift their focus towards the knockout stages.