WHEN the new health facility opened its doors in 2014, people hoped that things would be better, but now residents claim the hospital is a mortuary. They fear for the lives of their loved ones who are treated at the Bheki Mlangeni District Hospital in Jabulani, Soweto. TRUCK DRIVER OF 24 DEATH CRASH RELEASED FROM JAIL Speaking to Daily Sun, Simphiwe Kunene (23) from Jabulani, who had just walked out of the hospital for a check up for his burnt leg, said while they were waiting in long queues to get help, nurses were seen walking across the road to the KFC as if the patients weren’t there. “The admin staff is the worst. “The way they treat patients without respect you’d swear they own the place. If they loved what they did, the hospital would work properly,” Simphiwe said. He said the few who worked hard never got recognition because the majority of staff did as they wished, unless they were being watched by a superior. WATCH: REVEREND DIES WHILE PREACHING! Makhosi Kubheka said she lost her sister last year, three days after she was admitted to the hospital. “We call that place Avbob because people die there,” she said. Makhosi said they had no choice because the clinic referred them to Bheki Mlangeni. DA Gauteng Shadow Health MEC Jack Bloom started a petition to remove CEO Ruth Mabyana. “This place is officially one of the five worst hospitals in Gauteng, with a jobs for cash hiring scandal in the pipeline. Despite this, the department fails to hold the top management accountable for its problems,” he said. BRILLIANT COMES THROUGH FOR SENZO MEYIWA'S KID! Bloom said there have been 136 disciplinary actions against employees in the past three years. “Six staff members are currently facing disciplinary charges, five for irregular appointments and one for theft at the hospital,” he said. Department of Health spokesman Philani Mhlungu said: “The concerns raised by Bloom were answered by the Health MEC Bandile Masuku at the legislature meeting recently. The department is aware of the challenges at the hospital and the issues are being dealt with.”