South Africa's National Under-20 Women's team (Basetsana) coach Jabulile Baloyi has named her 21-woman squad for the first round, first leg CAF 2020 FIFA U20 Women's World Cup qualifier against Zambia. The squad will have their first training session on Monday, 13 January 2020 at Mark's Park training grounds in Johannesburg, as both Baloyi and her technical staff begin their preparations ahead of their departure for Zambia on Thursday. The national women junior national team will fly out to Lusaka, Zambia on Thursday, leading up to their Saturday's (18 January) match against the hosts. That match between South Africa and Zambia will kick-off at 15h00 at Nkoloma Stadium.  Baloyi who is former Banyana Banyana player said she was happy with the talent she had assembled, adding that and her technical staff will work hard to get the team ready. "What I am looking for from this team is professionalism, commitment and discipline," Baloyi said. "This is the only SAFA national squad that is yet to qualify for a FIFA World Cup tournament and I want us to be the first ones to achieve that objective. "We will work tirelessly as the technical staff to make sure that we push for a positive result in every match that we will be taking part in this FIFA U20 Women World Cup qualifiers." Baloyi, who also led Basetsana to the AUSC Region 5 Games championship title back in 2018 in Botswana, stated that she was happy with the level of international experience that is already present in her squad. "This squad comprises of the players that I have worked with when we won the AUSC Region 5 Games title back in Botswana in 2018, and the South Africa's National Under-17 players who played at the 2018 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Uruguay under coach Simphiwe Dludlu (who is now serving as her assistant coach). "I believe that these players will adjust well as to what is expected from them at this level. They have been here before and know what it takes to fight for a FIFA World Cup qualification spot and we expect nothing less from them." 