  IT’S party time! Whatever that the Kaizer Chiefs players were told or promised before their Absa Premiership encounter against Highlands Park worked wonders. Amakhosi marked their 50th birthday celebrations in emphatic style as they cruised into an emphatic 3-0 victory over the out of sorts Highlands Park at the FNB Stadium on Wednesday night. What a way to get their first win of the New Year in a game that resembled a cup final. It was a night to remember for the Amakhosi faithful as they partied long into the night as their team extended their lead at the top of the table to six points. A brace by Leonardo Castro and an overhead kick by Eric Mathoho, sealed the three points for the Soweto giants in front of 70 000 plus crowd. The Soweto giants dished the kind of performance befitting of such a big occasion. They rolled back the years as their yesteryear’s legends must have been proud of the current crop of players. This is the kind of performance that was needed to reassure the spectators, legends and management that their trophy drought could soon be a thing of the past. The birthday celebrations kicked off with fireworks as the players walked onto the pitch. A giant cake was carried by six officials and brought onto the pitch during the half-time break. Chiefs’ chairman and founder Kaizer Motaung senior was joined by legends, politicians and family members in cutting of the big cake.  The small showers from the rain was seen a blessing as legends went to different parts of the stadium giving fans a taste of the birthday cake. DJ Maphorisa and Kabza de Small provided fans with live performance on a night that will live long in the minds of Amakhosi fans. Amakhosi players played with their black and gold commemorative jerseys for the first time and this will go down as one of their best performance of the season. Everything just went according to plan as everyone went home with a broad smile. Amakhosi edged Highlands 3-2 in a five goal thriller at Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa on the opening day of the season and they did it again in style at Soccer City without conceding. There was an electrifying atmosphere inside the stadium and every pass that Amakhosi players made was accompanied by huge round of applause. Other Absa Premiership results SuperSport United 2 Maritzburg United 2 Black Leopards 1 Chippa United 2 Cape Town City 2 AmaZulu 2 Golden Arrows 1 Baroka FC 0