ORLANDO Pirates striker Gabadinho Mhango has set his eyes firmly on breaking Collins Mbesuma’s goal scoring record. Mbesuma, who now plays for GladAfrica Championship side University of Pretoria, scored a record 25 league goals in the 2004-05 season to help Kaizer Chiefs win the title. Mhango, who is joint top scorer with AmaZulu striker Bongi Ntuli, said through hard work it’s possible to break the 16 year standing record. The 27-year-old scored a hat-trick last week to help Bucs wallop Polokwane City 4-1 in an Absa Premiership match, and gave the match ball to his mother. He has regained his scoring appetite under new German coach Josef Zinnbauer, who moved him from being a winger to a striker. Said Mhango: “I think it’s possible to do that if we keep working as a team. “I think I need extra training like when I am home, do some finishing with my younger brother. But it’s not easy because the league is tough. The defenders are always aware of strikers’ moves and for us we should keep working hard to get closer to the target to break the record. I heard that Mbesuma scored 25 goals and nobody is touching that record. I will try and push until I achieve that record.” Mhango said he is enjoying his new role as he is closer to the goal mouth. “It doesn’t matter to play in a different position but what matters is to get the goals. For me it’s easy because all I know is to put the ball at the back of net. The coach told me that I should stick to one thing which is to finish, we don’t need to run much or go back and mark.” The speedy player insists that he is not worried that he will be tightly marked by Downs defenders when the teams clash in a PSL match at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm). “It doesn’t mean anything (to score against Sundowns), but as long as I am scoring in every game, that’s what matters to me. As long as an opportunity (to score) comes again I will take my chances,” he said. “Football is all about pressure, if you get it that’s how you learn and improve. But for me it’s about being focused as a team, we will work hard and push for a win on Wednesday.” Mhango admitted that he will need to control his temper on the pitch in order to achieve his target since he is easily distracted by opposition players. 