TV PRESENTER Luthando Shosha, also known as Loot Love, shared a heart-warming message to her twins, Zano and Sisi. The star has twins with her partner rapper, Sizwe “Reason” Moeketsi. Loot Love took to her Instagram to share how special her kids are to her. The 30-year-old from Port Elizabeth wrote: “Unedited. Just like the last year of my life. Absolutely no formula, no idea how we would do this, no idea why God put me on this path but with time, a lot of support and so much love, the team made it to day 365... This is the real image... as you can see Ngumgowo!! Man, it’s been WILD... I can’t believe we made it @reasonhd_ but I’m glad we’re here.” The presenter shared she can’t wait to see what the future brings. She added: “I can’t wait to experience the miracles and blessing you will bring into our world. You have already brought so much beauty, love and meaning to our lives. I thank God for choosing me, and you for choosing me to be your Mom. I will always do my utmost best and even when I fail I will get up and try again!” Unedited. Just like the last year of my life. Absolutely no formula, no idea how we would do this, no idea why God put me on this path but with time, a lot of support and so much love, the team made it to day 365... This is the real image... ?????? as you can see Ngumgowo!! Man, it’s been WILD... I can’t believe we made it @reasonhd_ ?? but I’m glad we’re here. I can’t wait to see what forever brings. I can’t wait to experience the miracles and blessing you will bring into our world. You have already brought so much beauty, love and meaning to our lives. I thank God for choosing me, and you for choosing me to be your Mom. I will always do my utmost best and even when I fail I will get up and try again! I Love you S & Z! Happy 1st Birthday. P.S @aust_malema please don’t kill me for posting the unedited screenshot, it tells the story best.. ???? #WeMadeItToYearOne #ZanoAndSisi A post shared by  Luthando LOOTLOVE™ Shosha (@lootlove2) on Jan 16, 2020 at 4:26am PST 