KAIZER Chiefs boss Kaizer Motaung is challenging his players and has said if they know the importance of making history, then they will win the PSL title this season. Motaung was speaking at the club headquarters as Amakhosi are celebrating their 50th birthday party. The club has been involved in a whirlwind of celebratory gigs since the week started to mark their golden jubilee. On Monday, they launched their new special edition jersey with legends such Marks Maponyane, Doctor Khumalo and Vusi “Computer” Lamola. Their supporters are flocking to the club offices to purchase the much-sought after replica. On Tuesday, Motaung and former players staged an event where it all started at house number 8414 Sentsho Street in Phefeni‚ Orlando West. The following day a big bash was held at the FNB Stadium where a full house of supporters witnessed Amakhosi walloping a hapless Highlands Park 3-0. More gigs will be rolled out nationwide as the year goes ahead. “If they want their names in the history books, then they must win the league this season,” said Motaung. “It will be great for this group of players to win the league. They have a good opportunity for their names to be engraved in our history. Players who started this club made history. Other players of different eras also came through and rewrote history. “The onus is on the current crop players if they want to remembered for the rest of their lives as the guys who brought the silverware home in the half century celebrations. Fifty years comes once, it does not come too often I think it’s possible. They can also win another cup as well. But it all depends on them,” added Motaung. On Sunday, Chiefs will face struggling Cape Town City at the FNB Stadium (3.30pm). The Citizens threw away an early 2-0 lead against AmaZulu on Wednesday and the match ended in a draw. Chiefs have a lekker opportunity to build up a nice lead at the top since Mamelodi Sundowns will be involved in the Caf Champions League this weekend. If Chiefs beat City, they will stretch their lead to nine points, something that will leave Sundowns with a mammoth task when it comes to catching up.