Though Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits played to a goalless draw, there was still a winner last night. The biggest winner was Kaizer Chiefs as the result meant the gab was cut by three points instead of one point. Wits also have their goalkeeper Ricardo Goss to thank as he helped them to collect a valuable point against defending league champions Sundowns. Man-of-the-match Goss was the unlikely hero in the Clever Boys colours as his heroic saves denied Sundowns from clinching all the three points in their Absa Premiership stalemate at Loftus Versfeld. The ten-man Clever Boys held on for dear life with the assistance of their goalkeeper. The Brazilians threw everything at the visitors but Goss stood his ground to make vital saves and help to secure the point in a game that they didn’t deserve to draw. Buhle Mkhwanazi was sent off leaving Wits to play over 20 minutes with a man down. Downs threw everything at Wits but could not find the winning goal that they desperately needed. Wits coach Gavin Hunt celebrated by punching the air. The draw clearly meant a lot to him and his team given the fact that they played the majority of the second half with a man down. They celebrated as if they had just clinched the league title, while Downs coach Pitso Mosimane rued his side’s series of missed chances. The draw felt like a loss to Mosimane and his galaxy of stars. The Brazilians hammered AmaZulu 3-0 in their previous league game at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban, while the Clever Boys defeated rookies Stellenbosch FC 2-0 in Cape Town in their previous outing. Downs and Wits are the only two teams representing Mzansi in continental football. They played to an exciting 1-1 draw in Durban before the Christmas recess in their first round meeting, but the Tshwane giants came into this game as the overwhelming favourites. But their second round meeting ended with another draw in the capital city. The Brazilians threw everything at the Clever Boys, but could not find a way through their rigid defense in a dominant first half. Downs have a big game against USM Alger of Algeria in the Caf Champions League at the same venue. Games keep on coming thick and fast and coach Mosimane has expressed his desire to do well in all competitions, but he will have to work hard on finishing if he is to achieve his objectives. Mosimane was pushing his charges hard to collect all the three points to put pressure on the log leaders, but the night ended on a disappointing note with the draw. A combination of brilliant goalkeeping by Goss and poor finishing kept Downs out.