BENNI McCarthy and Sibusiso Zuma, two legends of South African football, will be sharing their experiences and insight at the first edition of WFS Africa, the event that will bring together the very best of the global and African football industry in Durban, on 17-18 March. The two former Bafana Bafana players join an illustrious and diverse lineup of speakers for the conference that will turn the South African city into the capital of the African football industry. McCarthy and Zuma played together for their country for years as their international careers overlapped, with McCarthy playing for Bafana between 1997 and 2012 and Zuma doing so between 1998 and 2008. The 31 goals in 80 appearances that McCarthy netted for his country make him South Africa’s all-time top scorer and one of the leading sporting legends in the country’s history. The striker from Cape Town is also the only South African to have won the Uefa Champions League, having done so with Jose Mourinho’s Porto in 2003/04. With 13 goals from 67 caps, Zuma too made a lasting impression during his time with Bafana Bafana, even captaining the team in the 2006 Africa Cup of Nations.  At club level, his path was also an exotic one as he played for African Wanderers and Orlando Pirates before signing for Denmark’s FC Copenhagen, where he had an extremely successful spell and is considered one of the club’s biggest legends. His bicycle kick goal against Brondby in the final match of the 2001 Superliga Championship, in which Copenhagen secured the title, was voted the greatest moment in the history of the club. Even after hanging up their boots, they’ve kept busy. McCarthy tried his hand at coaching by managing Cape Town City for two years. Zuma, meanwhile, is highly involved in fighting against poverty and has been running the Sibusiso Zuma Foundation, which works with young kids with HIV, since 2010. Both these footballers bring vast experience to the panel of 80-plus speakers at WFS Africa, where 1 200 attendees will come together from across Africa and beyond. They will be addressing issues such as the success of African players in European club football and its fruit for the continent or the role that football legends like themselves play in the development of the game across the continent. Both McCarthy and Zuma will be sharing their insight at the conference along with other prestigious speakers from a range of backgrounds, including former Argentina international and Estudiantes chairman Juan Sebastián Verón, Fifa Secretary General Fatma Samoura, SAFA President Danny Jordaan, LaLiga President Javier Tebas, Olympique de Marseille General Director Laurent Colette, Facebook Strategic Partnership Manager Kike Levy or Sihle Zikalala Premier of KwaZulu-Natal, main partner of WFS Africa. 