  THE mum, Agatha Senwedi (52) is living in fear while her
daughter is fighting for her life in hospital. This is after the two were allegedly stabbed by an angry
boyfriend who is now on the run. Mamosa Senwedi (27) from Taung, Free State was stabbed many
times by her boyfriend. When Mamosa’s mum tried to intervene, she was also stabbed
on her hands before the boyfriend escaped with the family’s car on Sunday. The family said Mamosa had found out that her boyfriend had
been released on parole after allegedly serving time for killing his previous
girlfriend. Mamosa’s brother Letlhogonolo Senwedi (35) told Daily Sun
Mamosa started dating the guy in September. “After she realized that she was dating a parolee, she
wanted to end the relationship,” he said. “On Sunday he was hiding at the house when my sister got out
of her car at home. He attacked her and stabbed her many times. My mum tried to
intervene, and she was stabbed in her hands.” He said the man escaped with their bakkie that had his
sister’s cellphone and handbag inside. The bakkie was later found about 15
kilometers away after the tracker was activated. “Our mother is scared to be in her own house. She spends the
night at friends and relatives,” he said. Angry resident with placards saying ‘Lets Pray for Mamosa
Senwedi’ marched to Taung cop shop on Wednesday. Tebeletso Letlhaku (27) said they gathered to support
Mamosa. “We don’t feel safe and Mamosa is not safe in the hospital.
The police say they can’t find the suspect which makes us scared. We think the
suspect will continue his evil ways.” Police spokeswoman Colonel Pelonomi Makau said: “On Sunday,
28 January a case of Attempted murder, Assault GBH and carjacking were opened.
This is after a 29-year-old man allegedly stabbed a 27-year-old woman several
times on her body and face with a knife at the woman’s home in Taung.” “The suspect is on parole of murder. The concerned group of
Gender Based Violence marched to police station on 29 January to handover the
memorandum and our members accepted the memorandum. The victim’s mother also
sustained injuries on her hands as the suspect stabbed her when she allegedly
tried to assist. The suspect is still on the run and we have launched a manhunt
for him.”