THE MORETELE Municipality in the North West has been
accused of wasting tax-payers money by paying two Municipal Managers (MM) at a
time. According to a source who refused to be mentioned,
since last year November, the municipality has been paying two municipal managers. The source said this came after the Municipality
Manager, Shimane Maroga, was found guilty by the council disciplinary committee
on the alleged VBS saga. He said Maroga appeared for his disciplinary hearing
in August last year where he faced charges of inter allia financial misconduct
and dereliction of duties. “He pleaded guilty to all counts. The sanction
imposed by the chairman was a fine of three months’ salary deduction and a
final written warning to be kept in his personal file for a period of six
months,” he said. He said the presiding officer also directed that the
employee suspension to be lifted and that he should be reinstated with
immediate effect to his position. But According to the source, when Maraoga was
reinstated the Interim Municipal manager, Thabo Matshabe, was not relived of
his duties. “The Acting municipal manger continued to be paid
the acting allowance of which is to be the difference between his current
salary as LED director and that of Municipal Manager retrospective from the 15
of November 2019,” he said. When Daily Sun contacted the Municipality
about the allegations, Moretele Municipal spokesman Abel Malebye said it was
true that they have two municipal managers on their payroll. He said although the salaries are different because
the other one was an acting MM while Maroga was still on suspension. “The acting municipal manager is holding forth while
Maroga is still busy with his court battles. “Until his court outcomes, the acting will continue
to work so that services delivery is not interrupted,” he said. When asked if the Municipality has chosen to ignore
the Council Committee outcomes on Maroga’s disciplinary hearing, Malebye said
he won’t comment on that. “This matter is before the courts I can’t comment
any further about this matter,” he said