THE Stormers will conclude their pre-season fixtures this weekend as they face the Southern Kings in Knysna today and then Sharks in the Vodacom SuperHero Sunday at FNB Stadium. Stormers head coach John Dobson yesterday named both teams, which feature some overlap as some players will feature at both Loerie Park in Knysna and the FNB Stadium on Sunday afternoon. There are three Springboks in the forward pack that will run out at 7pm tonight in Knysna. They are captain and tighthead prop Frans Malherbe, hooker Bongi Mbonambi and lock Hilton Lobberts. Lobberts will be joined by the likes of Godlen Masimla, Jean-Luc du Plessis, Seabelo Senatla and Ben-Jason Dixon in starting against the Southern Kings and ravelling up to Soweto to feature on the replacements bench against the Sharks. The team that will start at 1pm on Sunday at the FNB Stadium features six Springboks, including captain Siya Kolisi, who will be at the back of the scrum at No.8. Dobson said that while it has been a logistical challenge, this weekend will give his squad a good measure of where they stand a fortnight out from their opening game against the Hurricanes at Newlands on 1 February. “This weekend will be a good physical and mental test for us as a group. I am looking forward to seeing how the players respond to the challenge. “This is an important step and we hope to keep building towards the start of the season and that opening game at Newlands,” he said. SUPER HERO SUNDAY FIXTURES FNB Stadium: Sharks v Stormers (1pm) Bulls v Lions (3.15pm) SQUADS: Stormers (v Southern Kings): 15 David Kriel 14 Seabelo Senatla 13 Michal Hazner 12 Cornel Smit 11 Leolin Zas 10 Jean-Luc du Plessis 9 Godlen Masimla 8 Johan du Toit 7 De Wet Marais 6 Jaco Coetzee 5 Ben-Jason Dixon 4 Hilton Lobberts 3 Frans Malherbe (captain) 2 Bongi Mbonambi 1 Ali Vermaak Stormers (v Sharks): 15 Dillyn Leyds 14 Sergeal Petersen 13 Ruhan Nel 12 Rikus Pretorius 11 Edwill van der Merwe 10 Damian Willemse 9 Herschel Jantjies 8 Siya Kolisi (captain) 7 Ernst van Rhyn 6 Nama Xaba 5 David Meihuizen 4 Salmaan Moerat 3 Neethling Fouche 2 Scarra Ntubeni 1 Steven Kitshoff