VISIONARY, trailblazer, legend and icon. A man who identified success and worked hard to get it. MZANSI REMEMBERS THE GOLDEN CENTURY OF DR RICHARD MAPONYA! The business legend was laid to rest yesterday. Speaking at the UJ Soweto campus, President Cyril Ramaphosa said Maponya loved his country, his people and his family. He said Maponya rose above his circumstances and persevered until he reached the pinnacle of success – but in spite of the success he remained humble and generous. “Maponya was the most devoted of patriots. He loved his country and he loved his people,” Ramaphosa told the thousands of mourners. “He was a soldier, not on the battlefield but on the front line of the struggle for the economic emancipation of his people – a battle that he fought until his dying day.” Ramaphosa said Maponya was a fighter for the liberation of black South Africans.  “He helped to free them from the shackles of poverty, the manacles of marginalisation and from the chains of economic exclusion,” he said. He said Maponya recognised the country’s challenges and always urged government to do more to improve small businesses. “I personally received many a late-night call from him, sharing his viewpoint on pressing issues,” he said.  “In my last engagements with him he urged me to do everything I could to set up a youth entrepreneurship academy. It is a wish I will endeavour to see fulfilled on his behalf.” The funeral was attended by ordinary members of the public, businesspeople, politicians and struggle stalwarts. Among those were former president Thabo Mbeki and former deputy president Kgalema Motlanthe, Andrew Mlangeni, Graca Machel, Patrice Motsepe and Mangosuthu Buthelezi. Buthelezi said Maponya was the most visionary man he had ever met. “He inspired me as he inspired many,” said Buthelezi.  “His name will be remembered among the icons of our nation. Dr Maponya was a giant.” Buthelezi said he and Maponya had a mutual friend in the late Nelson Mandela. “Dr Maponya, like me, was a lifelong friend of Nelson Mandela,” he said. “He supported the struggle for freedom and supported me in the path I chose to our liberation,” he said. Talk show hostess and entrepreneur Felicia Mabuza-Suttle said: “I’m not here to mourn papa’s death, I’m here to celebrate this man. He and Marina were my mentors and role models. They were my second family.” She said she and her husband used to call Dr Maponya to sing for him and wish him a happy birthday on 24 December. “He said we must go for singing lessons,” said Mabuza-Suttle. She said years back Dr Maponya wanted to be where his wife was, and that is where he was now. He was buried next to his wife at Westpark Cemetery. Sekgoshi Maponya remembered how Maponya got all Maponyas from all over the country and outside of the borders to unite. And at the first meeting there were many more family members than they had expected. “It was his wish to bring his brothers and sisters together.”