FRUSTRATED Polokwane City head coach Clinton Larsen blamed his naive defenders and referee Victor Gomes for their 4-1 defeat by Orlando Pirates in an Absa Premiership encounter played at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Tuesday. Larsen says young defenders Nkululeko Tshangase, Kenneth Nthatheni and Siphiwe Hlongwane were poor, especially in the first half. Pirates scored all four goals in the first half with their striker Gabadinho Mhango netting a hat-trick and Ben Motshwari netting Bucs other goal. Mohammed Anas pulled one back for Rise and Shine after he missed a penalty. As for Gomes, the former Golden Arrows coach believes he should not have allowed Pirates’s second goal as he claimed it was scored from an offside position. “We started very poor at the back. We could not contain their (Pirates) pace,” said Larsen. “Our youngsters struggled at the back and it is as simple as that.” He added: “The referee killed us by giving them that goal as we were still in the game (at that stage). “That goal changed everything. It could have been a different ball game if he did not award them that goal.” However, the 48-year-old was pleased with the effort his lads displayed in the second half. “We dominated the whole second half and created a few scoring chances,” said the former Pirates midfielder. “Pirates had only two chances in the second half. The boys gave their best but it was too late.” Larsen says they are still on the right track to survive relegation despite this defeat. “Like I said before, our aim is to win five games,” said Larsen. “So far we have won one and now we need to win four and draw five and then we will be safe. The problem is that we have many regular players out injured. Bu I am not trying to make excuses. “The good thing is that some are coming back (from injury) soon which will be a huge boost to us. The only sad news is that Subusiso Mbonani is out for the rest of the season.” Meanwhile, Larsen also revealed that they are busy negotiating with two defenders. “ All I can say now is that we will announce the two defenders in two weeks times,” he said. “The negotiations are on and these things sometimes takes time.”