REIGNING African Boxing Union (ABU) junior bantamweight champion Ricardo “Magic Man” Malajika has quit his day job in his quest to pursue his dream to become a world champion. The fast rising boxing star from South Hills in Joburg was juggling between being professional boxer or a career with an engineering company. As Malajika steps up to the international level, the unbeaten prospect wants to devote his time and energy to his promising boxing career. The 21-year-old is scheduled to meet the vastly experienced Filipino Jonas Sultan for the International Boxing Federation (IBF) International belt in March. The former amateur star believes stepping up to the next stage of his career requires more time to be spent in the gym. “Quitting my day job was one of the hardest decisions I had to make, unfortunately I have to leave because my work schedule clashed with my training. I loved my job as I was learning new things with technology,” said Malajika. “At this stage of my career I spend more time sweating and grinding at the gym as it gets tougher on every level when climbing up the ladder. I’m embarking on a journey to be crowned world champion, for me to achieve that goal I have to make some sacrifices. My plan also is to improve in every fight and ultimately achieve my dream,” he added. According to the former six-time SA amateur champion, his decision to quit his day job was applauded by his trainer Anton Gilmore. Meanwhile, his ring craft will be put to the test by Sultan who has been on much bigger stages. Among the former IBF intercontinental title holder’s victims are John Riel Casimero who dethroned WBO bantamweight champ Zolani Tete and his brother Makazole. Despite the Filipino’s ring experience and quality opponents he has fought, Malajika’s mentor said they are working on a plan to tame Sultan. Said Gilmore: “He is a decent opponent and has beaten Casimero. So for Ricardo I will get his speed up. Sultan had a nice win in his last fight. This is a solid test for my charge and a similar fighter to his last opponent, a bit wild,” he said.