FORMER Lily Mine workers and affected families want to find the remains of the three trapped miners. They had been going to the mine since last month to search for the bodies of Pretty Nkambule, Solomon Nyirenda and Yvonne Mnisi. WATCH: REVEREND DIES WHILE PREACHING! They’ve been trapped in a container underground since 5 February 2016. The former workers told Daily Sun they wouldn’t give up until they recovered their remains. Every day the former workers, families and residents gather under a tree next to the camp site, asking for God’s intervention before starting with their search. Solomon’s mum, Fiona Nyirenda (60), said she was hopeful they’d retrieve the container. “All we want are the remains of our children. There’s so much progress and one day we will have their remains with us,” she said. BRILLIANT COMES THROUGH FOR SENZO MEYIWA’S KID! A representative of the former workers, Harry Mazibuko, said they decided to proceed underground as there was no solution from government and the mine. “It will be an ongoing process. “What encourages us is that illegal miners in the community assured us we can reach that container,” he said. The former workers didn’t have all the necessary equipment, only shovels, hammers, chisels, chain harnesses, chain blocks and safety kits. But they managed to reach level four underground and spotted tyres they believed supported the container as well as a fence and pole, which were five metres from the container before the mine collapsed. TRUCK DRIVER OF 24 DEATH CRASH RELEASED FROM JAIL “We also need a snake camera to check what is behind the big rocks as we cannot blast them. “We believe there is something behind those rocks,” said Mazibuko. However, the workers’ mission was interrupted on Friday after two illegal miners were found dead in one of the non-operational shafts in the mine. Mpumalanga police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said preliminary results indicated the two illegal miners had been stoned to death. The workers’ determination attracted the Department of Mineral Resources and Vantage Goldfields Mines, who brought their inspectors to assess the safety of the mine. Meanwhile, former Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba committed to providing the former miners with legal services to force government and the mine to retrieve the container, and pay the workers their outstanding monies.