SOCCER fans are in for a battle royale on Saturday when the giants of Soweto square up to the pride of Kwa-Zulu Natal. First up is the showdown at the Moses Mabhida Stadium (3.30pm) where Golden Arrows entertain runaway Absa Premiership leaders Kaizer Chiefs. That feast will be followed by a tasty clash at the Orlando Stadium where a vastly improved Orlando Pirates host struggling AmaZulu (6pm), who are fighting for their PSL lives. Arrows coach Steve Komphela would love nothing more than to put one over his former club and cement Abafana Bes’thende’s place in the top eight. Arrows look to be a shoe-in for a top eight finish but Komphela is taking nothing for granted. He stressed this week he is more worried at this stage of securing Arrows’ PSL status. He has targeted two more wins from his side’s 12 remaining league fixtures to climb over his first hurdle of collecting 30 points. Arrows are on 24 points. The fact that the match was moved from the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in Clermont to the iconic Moses Mabhida Stadium that Amakhosi use as an alternative home ground, has mystified Komphela and his technical team. Arrows assistant coach Mandla Ncikazi stated: “We were not told why the game was moved.”However, the move will suit both sides and the playing surface at Moses Mabhida is far superior to that of the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium, whose pitch has come in for criticism recently. Komphela will be well aware of the danger posed by Amakhosi’s dynamic attacking duo, Leo Castro and Samir Nurkovic who were both on target in Chiefs’ recent 3-1 win at home over Cape Town City. Chiefs defence will be keeping a close watch on free scoring Arrows forwards Knox Mutizwa and Nduduzo Sibiya. Amakhosi coach Ernst Middendorp has guided his side to a seven point lead at the top of the standings and with second placed Mamelodi Sundowns not playing in the league this weekend, he will be aiming at increasing that gap to 10 points. But stressed Middendorp: “We’re taking it one game at a time.” Pirates new coach Josef Zinnbauer will have to shuffle his defence when they host the struggling Usuthu at their Soweto fortress as they are without suspended defenders Abel Mabaso and Ntsikelelo Nyauza. The German-born coach has steadied the rocky Bucs ship and is unbeaten in five games in charge collecting 13 points from a possible 15 that has seen the Sea Robbers rise to fifth position in the table after a shaky start to the season. His AmaZulu counterpart Josef Vukusic has been telling his players to keep calm despite the fact that Usuthu are bottom of the table on 17 points. He admitted this week: “It will be a fight.”The Slovakian-born coach is surprisingly happy with his players despite the fact they have won only four of the 15 matches he has been in charge of. But what must be a big worry for the Usuthu coach is the fact his side have only scored 10 goals in 19 matches with striker Bongi Ntuli scoring nine of those goals. Ntuli will be the player that Bucs in-form keeper Wayne Sandilands will have to keep a watchful eye on while Bucs fans will be expecting more fireworks from striker Gabadinho Mhango and dynamic midfielder Luvuyo Memela.