A dialogue on the ideas of and the legacy of Charlotte
Mannya-Maxeke of and Solomon Plaatjie was held at the Sol Plaatjie University
in the Kimberly on Thursday evening. Professor Mcebisi Ndletyana said that it is not incidental
that Charlotte and Sol came from this town. Kimberley became the hub of African intellectualism as it
attracted educated blacks who were employed at the mines after their
establishment by British colonisers. He said Plaatjie understood that the value of knowledge is
important…it was with this in mind that he started Setswana Newspapers. He said Plaatjie realised that any language language that
was not committed to text will fade away…”he saved Setwana through publication
of newspapers. “He was one of the first intellectual to insists that people
should write their own language and he did all these without any financial
backing …he was a hustler…he even did demeaning jobs in Britain to sustain his
works.” The prof said his publications died because white businesses
did not to advertise in them He said it was important to own the means of productions
because in that way “no one will control you”. “If Plaajie achieved all these in during the height of
racism then those who have resources at their disposal now can do it too…but
the question is can they?, asked  Ndletyana. He added that Plaatjie also took it upon himself to record
the Anglo Boer war because he believed knowledge was important too. “For long we thought the war only affected the British and Afrikaans.” He said it was thought records kept by the likes of Plaatjie
that “we understand how blacks ended up with only 20per cent of the land”. At the same event, former national speaker Baleka Mbete in
her capacity as ANC NEC Archive Committee Chair said that comes to mind as “we
celebrate ANC 108 is that is that the landscape of SA changed with the
discovery of diamonds. African families began to be broken as many men were recruited
to work in the mines”. Many women followed to be with their men wherever they
were. She also said that the presence of apartheid statutes and
monuments in public places does not sit well with many Africans. Without engaging further on the subject, she hinted that there
is hope that soon the government will establish a national liberation museum. Dr Musa Saurombe, the Charlotte Mannya-Maxeke Institute
Ambassador, thanked all for “gracing us this evening. She outlined Programmes aligned to the vision of Charlotte
Mannya-Maxeke Institute which includes hospital visitations on her birthday and
agricultural programmes which they roll out at all primary schools- one school
one garden.