 Despite not
yet being able to contribute R2bn as part of its commitment to the business
rescue process of SAA, the department of public enterprises says it is working
with National Treasury to raise funds to keep SAA in the skies. The
department issued a statement on Sunday evening in which it reassured its
commitment to the business rescue process. This follows reports last week that
the business rescue practitioners had not yet received the required R2bn, while
the airline is facing a cash crunch. Last week
Finance Minister Tito Mboweni told journalists at the sidelines of a pre-WEF
breakfast, that Treasury was still "trying to find additional financing"
for the airline. SAA was
placed under business rescue in December last year. At the time both government
and creditors jointly committed R4bn to the process as post-commencement
finance (PCF). Business
rescue practitioners Les Matuson and Siviwe Dongwana met with creditors later
in December, and this past week met with unions - to get their proposals on the
business rescue plan, which will be finalised in February. The
Department of Public Enterprises also met with practitioners this past weekend,
amid the airline facing liquidity constraints. "Following
a meeting with the Practitioners at the weekend, the Department of Public
Enterprises is engaging with the National Treasury to raise funds for the airline
in line with the PCF undertaking. "We
are determined to contribute to the Business Rescue process so that we could
minimise job losses and give birth to a rejuvenated SAA that all South Africans
could be proud of. Collective effort is needed to make SAA as a premier African
airline and Star Alliance member," the Department of Public Enterprises
(DPE) said. The DPE
also assured that government wants to break "past patterns of
bailouts" which have become a "moral hazard". The business
rescue process is expected to help government reposition its state assets in a
way such that it does not "continue to burden the fiscus" and
taxpayers. The DPE
also reiterated previous statements that government intends to help aid the
turnaround of SAA with a strategic equity partner. "The creation of a
sustainable, competitive and efficient airline with a strategic equity partner
remains the objective of government through this exercise," the department
said. "The
Government continues to work with the Business Rescue Practitioners, with the
primary goal of bringing out of this process a restructured, modern airline
that is able to bring million more tourists and be a beacon of both business
innovation and efficiency," the department added. A
spokesperson for the business rescue practitioners has also confirmed that SAA
flights remain operational. SOURCE: NEWS24