SMART branding and innovation will set apart successful short-term insurance businesses from struggling ones in Mzansi. Short-term insurance remains a slippery transaction as people often pay premiums for years on end, without claiming or getting anything in return. This pushes people to risk not having insurance at all. Solvency, an emerging financial services brand, is disrupting the status quo with an insurance savings account. It’s funded through car and household insurance premiums. Solvency is underwritten by genric Insurance Company. Mutoda Mahamba, the brand’s CEO, said they offer important insurance cover with an easy and structured way to save and invest. “It’s a unique product that helps South Africans deal with two key challenges: protecting themselves against claims and saving for the future.” A former insurance executive, Mahamba worked at a number of prominent Mzansi insurance brands for more than 10 years. And it was through his experience that he saw an opportunity to create a financial product that empowered people while helping them manage the risk of unexpected life events, such as burglaries and their cars being written-off. Solvency’s website offers easy-to-use features that allow anyone to assess exactly how much they can save, supported by a quick sign-up process. Users only need to enter a few details to begin their 100% online relationship, which can be managed using only a smartphone or a computer. People can choose how much of their monthly premium, up to a maximum of 50%, goes to their insurance savings account, such as the medical savings components on medical aids. The decision is guided by how much excess one is prepared and able to pay in the event of a claim. The excess amount is paid from the insurance saving account and should the funds in the account not cover your excess payment, only then would you pay the difference from your pocket. “The average short-term insurance holder claims an average of R18 000 every four years with an insurance premium of R1 000 per month. And without considering escalations, the holder would have paid almost R50 000 in premiums over this time. Up to nine out of 10 people will claim far less than the premiums paid, or not claim at all, but receive nothing in return. Solvency changes this and puts that money to work,” said Mahamba. Whether or not the holder makes a claim in a year, they have the option to withdraw in cash up to 50% of their savings in a 12-month period, for their own use. Alternatively, they can leave the money invested to grow and earn money-market rates. Solvency also includes two other important innovations, the BetterDrive Savings Booster, which allows holders to self-manage their premium and cash-back rewards through responsible driving.