 KEEPINGHER identity a secret, she is known for casting a magic spell over her audiences. But the teasing stripper has taken off her mask. SHE IS STHEMBILE RADEBE – ALSO KNOWN AS THE UNDERTAKER! “I don’t do this to sleep with men. I do it because I love dancing for the audience,” said Sthembile (33), the tavern performer and stripper from Hammanskraal, Tshwane. The 33-year-old is famously known in Tshwane area for stripping at local taverns and events.  She’s known for her grand entrance with a long coat and a hat, her sexy red underwear and a designer coffin. Daily Sun published her story ealier this month when a video was leaked on social media, but people didn’t know who she was.  She said the strip shows were private events and no filming or recording equipment were allowed. “I was born an entertainer and growing up I loved sports. I never thought I’d become a stripper.” She said she trained with a group of young people who were doing traditional and gumboot dancing. “The group was keeping me busy but it demanded a lot of money and I had to stop,” she said. “I dropped out of school in grade 11 and concentrated on sports.”  She said one night after soccer practice, she went to a club and saw a stripper for the first time. “The woman was dancing in an erotic way and she threw her clothes at me,” said Sthembile. “I took the clothes to her and she recruited me and gave me an outfit.” Sthembile, a mother of two, said she kept the stripping business quiet for a long time but then her family found out about it. “My mum was disappointed. She didn’t take it well, but I told her I had no choice but to go on with it because I was taking care of nine people who depend on me. “I told her I loved dancing.” Sthembile wants her career to grow like the career of Zodwa Wabantu. “Zodwa is my inspiration. If it wasn’t for her, I’d still be hiding my career,” she said. “She’s the reason I’m proud of what I do.” Sthembile said she would like stripper to be seen more as entertainers and not prostitutes. “I’d also like to meet wrestler The Undertaker one day. He is my favourite wrestling star,” she said. “Growing up, I was fascinated watching him. That’s why I use his soundtrack and his look.” She said she doesn’t have a car yet because she’s still taking care of her family. “But I want a car because this job means I travel a lot.” Her manager, Enock Molokomme, said it felt like he was managing the real Undertaker. “When she performs she gets in character. When she’s not performing, she’s a different person who loves her kids and family.” He said she has brought many women to his agency.