 ALL THEY wanted was to give their uncle a dignified funeral. But when they started putting up the tent in the street for the funeral, there was only fighting, pain and insults. THE MOURNERS GOT VERY LITTLE RESPECT FROM THEIR MLUNGU NEIGHBOURS! Queen Maluleke (23) told Daily Sun they were busy with their uncle’s funeral arrangements on 27 December last year. Donald Mkhonza (50) died of natural causes after a short illness.  Queen said they made a courtesy call to their neighbours in Danville, Tshwane, to let them know they would be erecting a tent for the funeral the next day. “The neighbours didn’t have a problem, but the ones living opposite to us complained,” she said. That’s when the trouble started, and the video that was taken of the fight has now gone viral.  “He said we only had 10 hours to have a tent in the street but we explained to him that we had made arrangements with Metro police. “We even gave the neighbour a petition to approve having the tent but he refused.” She said while they were busy with the tent, the neighbour and his daughter threatened the family. “My gogo went to talk to the man. She told him we were grieving and didn’t want problems. “The man went inside. We thought he had stopped giving us trouble, but he was calling his friends to come and help him. Ofentse Maluleka (28) said two bakkies with white men came and began assaulting people. He said they were carrying a baseball bat, long chains and pepper sprays. “They even hit an old defenceless woman,” claimed Ofentse. “We called the police and Metro cops. They stopped harassing us but we were disappointed that they were not arrested.” Queen said her mother was hit with a chain on the leg, and a man who was erecting the tent was hit with a bat on the waist. “When my other uncles tried to intervene they were pepper-sprayed along my gogo and other old people.” “My mum can’t work properly,” she said. She said some of the mourners were taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries. Under the supervision of the police, the family erected the tent. Queen said she was unhappy the same people who were attacking them were her late uncle’s friends. “When they had problems he used to help them without any hesitation, but now they’re showing their true colours,” she said. The family said they felt let down by the police because when they were called to the scene they didn’t arrest the men who were attacking them. The family said they’re now scared to walk around, especially if neighbours are sitting outside. Pretoria West police spokeswoman Constable Sibongile Vuma said a case of common assault was opened and police arrested and released four family members of the neighbour. She didn’t know when their next court appearance would be. At the time of going to print, Daily Sun had not managed to get to hold of any of the suspects accused of assaulted a neighbour. 