The National Education, Health and Allied Workers'
Union (Nehawu) affiliated staff at Unisa have downed tools living thousands of
students who need to complete their studies stranded. The workers demand a 10% increase, yet the
university is reportedly only offered 6%. Nehawu Western Cape provincial secretary Eric
Kweleta said they have been engaging the employer since November, but their
efforts were fruitless. “We demanded 10% which we have negotiated down to 8%
percent, the employer had suggested a 6.2% but they recently negotiated it
downwards to 6% which then leave us with no option but to declare a protest
action,” he said. Unisa registration that was supposed to end today
has been extended to the 1st of February. The university has called its students to use online
platform to register online. “Unisa While the wage negotiations are taking place
between management and organised labour, we encourage students to continue to
apply and register online. The closing date for first semester registrations
and minimum payments has been extended to 1 February 2020,” said Unisa in a
statement. The institution assured those who are writing January/February
examinations that they will not be affected by the protest. At Parow Campus in Cape Cape Town students were
turned away by the security. A group of staffers wearing red Nehawu tshirts
were seated next to the entrance, away from their workstations. “The
university management will endeavour to find an amicable solution to ensure
that the wage dispute is resolved amicably so that services are provided
without hindrance,” the statement added. Kweleta said
they didn’t slam their doors on the face of the employer, but they want a
fruitful negotiation. “If the employer wants to talk, they can come to us
anytime,” said Kweleta. Unisa’s LLB final year student Siviwe Mali said: “As
a student I’m not happy because this strike affects the registration. It doesn’t
only affect registration but also postponements of assignments, then exam dates
and at the end we get our results late, which is frustrating.”