If you lost or damaged your original matric certificate, you must apply for replacement at the Department of Basic Education (DBE) or Provincial Education Department (PED) by completing the Replacement application form. Sometimes life happens, your home burns down, your possessions are lost in a move, your paperwork is damaged in a flood... or you just misplace things and never find them again.Should any of these scenarios happen and you lose your matric certificate, what do you do? Replacement certificate If you lost or damaged your original matric certificate, you must apply for a replacement at the Department of Basic Education (DBE) or Provincial Education Department (PED) by completing the Replacement application form.If the certificate is damaged, you must also return the damaged certificate to the Department of Basic Education (DBE) or Provincial Education Department (PED).A prescribed fee must be paid, usually by postal order at the Post Office, cash at DBE / PED office or by cheque.Go to the nearest DBE/ PED offices with the following documents:An affidavit stating what happened to your certificate (i.e. if it is lost or damaged). The original national/ senior certificate (if it is damaged). This is not applicable if it is lost.Your original identity document (ID) and a certified copy.If the above mentioned is too much admin for you, you can download the form here: Application for a Replacement Certificate, fill it in and post it with the attached documents including the postal order to: Private Bag X895, Pretoria, 0001 Change of StatusWhat if you wrote your matric exams in more than one examination sitting and you want to combine your credits to qualify for a National Certificate?The Department of Education does not automatically combine your credits, unless you wrote a supplementary examination. What you need to do then is apply for a Replacement certificate change of status.Pay the prescribed fee by postal order at the Post Office, cash at DBE/PED office or by cheque and then go to your nearest DBE/PED offices with the following documents:Your results from all examination sittingsYour original identity document (ID) and a certified copyThe proof of paymentAlternatively you can download the form here: Replacement Certificate: Change of Status, fill it in and post it with the attached documents including the postal order to: Private Bag X895, Pretoria, 0001. Costs Replacement certificate: R118.00Statement of results: Additional R47.00.If you choose the option to post the documents, there will be extra expenses, at the Post Office's discretion.The wait It takes four to six weeks for a Re-Issue certificate.What a relief right? I know! You know what else is a relief?You can get your statement of results immediately, to cover you while you wait to receive your official certificate.