BIDVEST Wits did not show any sign of tired legs as they recorded a hard fought win over Bloemfontein Celtic in their Absa Premiership encounter at Milpark Stadium. Gavin Hunt’s charges showed character when they came back from a goal down to defeat Celtic 3-2 in a five goal thriller. The Clever Boys have their super-sub Gift Motupa to thank for coming off the bench to help them to snatch the three points with six minutes remaining. After a dominant first half showing, Wits allowed the visitors to come back into the game in the second half. It didn’t take long for the home side to find their rhythm as they opened scoring as early as the 13th minute through a well taken goal by  Phathutshedzo Nange. The 28-year-old midfielder received an assist from man-of-the-match Elias Pelembe before he unleashed a goal worthy to win any football match. His screamer should be counted among the contenders for goal of the season. The first half belonged to the Clever Boys and Celtic were lucky to go into the break just 1-0 down. But whatever the coach told them during their half-time team talked seemed to have worked wonders as they were a different kettle of fish in the second period. Wits showed some tired legs after the half-time break as they struggled to keep the visitors. It was not a matter if, but when would Celtic find the back of the net. That goal came six minutes after the interval through the boot of Menzi Masuku, who tapped the ball past Ricardo Goss at his near post to bring Siwelele back on level tears. Andile Fikizolo seemed to have won it with his first touch after coming in as a substitute with 15 minutes remaining. But Motupa, who has won the game on numerous times for Wits, did it again in their hour of need. Hunt threw the former Baroka FC as his last throw of the dice in search of a way back into the game and his gamble paid off as Motupa did the job that he was sent onto the field to do. It looked like the game would end in a stalemate when Haashim Domingo’s deflected effort went in with ten minutes remaining. But the super sub Motupa had other ideas. Celtic players were in tears after the game, while the victorious Wits players were dancing and exchanging high fives for a job well-done.