MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane is spitting fire! Mosimane looked like he had swollen a barbed wire after he watched the referee Abongile Tom book his star player Themba Zwane during their Absa Premiership goalless draw against Bidvest Wits at Loftus Versfeld on Tuesday night. Wits defender Buhle Mkwanazi was sent off, but Mosimane feels that they could have lost two players, but the referee was just not bold enough to do it. Mosimane was furious with the performance of the whistle man and he let it him know that he was bitterly disappointed with the match official. It’s safe to say that Tom will not get the nod from Mosimane to become the referee of the year. To put it bluntly, Tuesday night’s officiating is the worst that Mosimane has ever seen. As a result of that yellow card, Zwane will miss the game against Orlando Pirates at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto next Wednesday. Mosimane is battling to understand why his star was given a booking in the first place. Mosimane vented his frustrations and told anyone that cared to listen how Tom’s decisions on the field of play hurt him. Said a raging Mosimane: “This match needed a Victor Hlungwane or Victor Gomes. Tom still has a long way to go, he is not going to be my referee of the year.” How Wits captain Thulani Hlatshwayo escaped a red card baffled Mosimane. According to Mosimane the Wits skipper got away with murder after committing a number of bad tackles on his players. Mosimane expressed his shock at the horror refereeing: “Tyson had nine lives in this game, and I couldn’t believe how he finished the game  without being sent off it’s unbelievable.The referee goes to the corner and hugs Tyson instead of giving him another yellow.” What angered Mosimane the most is that Zwane was needlessly given a yellow for no apparent reason. A furious Mosimane is now demanding for answers – “Why was Zwane booked I want to know. He didn’t do anything it’s unbelievable. He just went to him and dished out a yellow card, but I want to know why the referee did it. I need answers.” Mosimane made it clear that he is not scared that he might be summoned by the PSL disciplinary committee for his outburst on the referee. He feels that his anger is justified. He concluded: “I mean really, let them come. When we criticise referees is it a murder charge?  I’m not happy and won’t hide it. I can’t just let it go just like that. Tom was not on top form on Tuesday night and he can’t be a referee of the year in my opinion. Why did he give Zwane a yellow card? Why didn’t he sent off Tyson? Maybe didn’t want to issue out two red cards and risk being the centre of attraction.”