DJ TIRA is known for being a shrewd businessman. And thanks to his quick maneuvering, the Afrotainment record label boss has signed the Qwabe twins. Virginia and Viggy Qwabe made their debut in the past season of the reality TV show, Idols SA. Having won Mzansi over with their singing abilities and versatility, fans were convinced they’d win the music talent search competition. But Virginia was eliminated from the show in November. Hours following her removal, Viggy announced she’d decided to withdraw. Following Viggy’s announcement, social media speculated there was more to her withdrawal than met the eye. But the network from which the show is broadcast, M-Net, dismissed the rumours. While on the show, the twins caught Afro-soul singer Zahara’s attention. She even announced publicly that she wanted to take them under her wing – whether they won or not. But Zahara was left biting her nails when Tira came into the picture. This as he convinced the Qwabes to allow him to work with and mentor the twins. It’s said Zahara’s bad publicity over the years was behind the family choosing Tira over her. But Lawrence Qwabe, the twins’ dad, said the family had no problem with Zahara. Explained Lawrence: “Tira gave us advise and we concluded it was the right thing to hand our daughters over to him. “We don’t have a problem with Zahara. It’s just that we couldn’t communicate properly with her. I saw people writing bad things about her proposal of working with the twins on social media, but we didn’t look at that. “Tira gave us the best advice and we see the results. My twins are travelling the world and doing well. We don’t regret choosing to work with him.” But an insider insisted Zahara was ditched because of her negative publicity over the years. Said the mole: “The twins’ family held a meeting and ditched Zahara because of media reports about her boozing too much and her fading career. “Also, her dispute with TS Records bosses DJ Sbu and TK Nciza contributed to her loss. After that, communication between Zahara and the Qwabes ended.” DJ Tira said he was not aware of other artists who wanted to work with the twins. But he is aware that Zahara went in public and pledged to mentor them. However he insisted that action speaks louder than words. Said Tira: “Working with the twins doesn’t mean no one else will work with them in future. “We’ve done only one song. Anything can happen. “I wouldn’t comment on the Zahara issue.But I did not only speak, I acted as well. It is not easy though, it is difficult. But when I do something, I make sure that it is done. ” (Zahara was not available for comment. A source close to the family said after Zahara announced that she will take twins, she contacted the family which did not have a problem. “But the communication between her and Qwabe family had hiccups after Tira came into the picture,” said a source. The source said that Tira saw the opportunity and jumped first. “Tira is a businessman and whatever decision he makes is business related. Besides being eager or passionate to help the twins, he first thought of the business opportunity. He went to Qwabe family and came up with the idea that the twins must start their own company. The family was excited including the twins. They accepted him especially because he is still happening in the industry. They then forgot that Zahara was the first one to offer the twins to mentor them,” said the source. It is alleged that Zahara’s reputation failed her. “The twins family held the meeting and decided to ditch Zahara. This is because of the previous reports that she was boozing too much and her career was on the rock. Also her dispute with TS Records owners DJ Sbu and TK Ncinza contributed on her loss. After that the communication between Zahara and Qwabe family ended,” said the second source.