 FOR TWENTY years, they prayed their son would stop his nyaope habit and drop his bad friends, but that never happened. Then, aged 30, Thabiso Pekeshe overdosed and died. THEN HIS SO-CALLED FRIENDS WENT ON THE RAMPAGE AND TRASHED HIS FUNERAL! A video
taken at the funeral held on Wednesday in Mapetla, Soweto, shows the angry gang
kicking over dishes and pots with food. Thabiso’s
father, Johannes Selaye (52) told Daily Sun his friends accused them of
poisoning their own son. “We
raised him in spite of his drug problems,” he said. “He
terrorised us and the community, but we still loved him. I gave him his own
backroom and we fed him.” Johannes
said Thabiso felt sick and his friends told him to go to the hospital where he
died. “They
said he was vomiting rice which they suspect had poison that killed him,” said
Johannes.  “The
post mortem results showed he had overdosed on drugs. I told his friends, but
they didn’t believe it.” He said
on Wednesday Thabiso’s friends went in a bus going to the cemetery but the
driver drove to the police station when they became rowdy. “At the
police station they got off the bus and walked home to where women, including
my wife, were preparing food for the people when they came back from the
cemetery.” Thabiso’s
stepmum Nonia Radebe (52) said when they were done preparing food, she went
home to take a bath while the mourners were still at the cemetery. Mourners
watched in horror as the gang threw food on the ground and trampled on the
dishes and pots. They allegedly took one empty pot and left. “When
the friends arrived I was not there. I think I would have been attacked because
I was accused of killing Thabiso. “I got a
call that I shouldn’t come back because the gang wanted me,” said Nonia. She said
Thabiso was still their child. “I would never poison my child, no matter how
angry I was.” The
couple said they forgave those who accused them of poisoning Thabiso. Thabiso’s
aunt, Emily Maake (65), said: “We’re supposed to pay for the dishes and pots
they damaged because we had borrowed them. “We had
nothing and the food they wasted was donated to us. Mourners left without
eating.” Cultural
expert Mtimande Ngwenya said a funeral needed to be treated with respect. “What
those people did showed disrespect. They were bringing bad luck on themselves.” 