  Angry residents stormed North West municipal offices and
vandalised the property before chasing away employees with slingshots. This happened in Ganyesa , 70 kilometres out of Vryburg on
Wednesday. Residents who were fully armed with dangerous weapons were
believed to be from three villages under Kagisano Molopo local municipality. The municipal spokesman Takatso Senye said the group of
about 60 people broke the municipal gates and started smashing everything.  Ten municipal cars including that of the mayor Segomotso
Mere and that of the speaker Rachel Modise were among those damaged by angry
residents. While employees were still wondering what was happening,
they were also chased out of the building with  slingshots) and bottles. “It was bad. We ran for cover. Everyone wanted to save his
or her life. Those people had slingshots as well,” said Senye.  It was not clear as to what they were angry about, but the
municipality suspects that it must have been about the long overdue 42-kilometre
gravel road. Senye said the vandalisation looked as if it was a planned
thing because the municipality together with offices of public works and
education were warned a day before. He said but on Wednesday they did not ask to talk to anyone and
started breaking windows of the municipality and windscreens of the cars. “A number of individuals got out of the bus with wooden
walking sticks and other dangerous ammunitions,” Senye explained.  He said the bus usually traveled from Austrey, Moswana and
Goodwood villages to Vryburg on daily basis. “It is clear that those people had an intention to vandalise
and destruct as they were in possession of steelworks after they entered the
municipal building,” he said. Staff members were told to stay at home until On Friday.
Senye said the municipality had organised the speaker and the mayor temporary
cars while they were waiting for new cars that were ordered last year in
December to arrive. Police spokesperson Colonel Adele Myburgh said two cases
were under investigation for damaging of essential infrastructure.