NEWLY-SIGNED Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) midfielder Masibusane Zongo says he doesn’t have any regrets for whatever happened in the past. The talented but wayward29-year-old was announced by TTM last Sunday, from ABC Motsepe League side D’General FC, which he joined in November. The player, who has a series of well-documented off-field disciplinary issues, which derailed his football career, joined the GladAfrica Championship outfit on a short-term deal, which will see him with the club until the end of the season. The two-time Absa Premiership winner, with SuperSport United in the 2008/09 and 2009/10, is looking to resurrect his career after going astray and ending up in prison in 2017. Talking to SunSport on Friday, Zongo said he had learnt his lessons, saying he was no longer the same. “I’m back. It feels good to be back but I know people will still judge me based on my past,” he said. “People will always talk but that’s not a problem. Right now, I’m focusing on the opportunity I have been given by the club to reach my potential. I know I never reached my potential and this is the chance to do that. This is the new Zongo. “I’ve grown a lot and know what to do.” This is not the first time the wayward player has been given a chance to play football with the hope he will change his ways. In the past, he has been given opportunities by the likes Royal Eagles, Chippa United and now-defunct Platinum Stars as well as Botswana Premier League club Extension Gunners. He has also donned the colours of Bidvest Wits and Vasco Da Gama. The dribbling wizard admitted with age no longer on his side, there’s no way he can mess up again. “With this opportunity, I’m not planning on proving anyone wrong. I just want to play football and be my very best. There’s a lot I can still offer. At 29, it’s not too late. “Chairperson of the club (Humbulani Mphephu) put his life on the line for me to join the team while everyone had written me off. I can’t afford to disappoint him. I want to make an impact and help the club win promotion.” Zongo could make his debut next Sunday when TTM host Mbombela United at Thohoyandou Stadium (3.30pm).