BAROKA FC chairman Khurishi Mphahlele’s efforts to hold onto star player Mduduzi Mdantsane appear to be in vain. Yesterday, Mphahlele told SunSport that he still has Mdantsane’s clearance papers, which meant that the left-footed midfielder cannot make his debut for new club Cape Town City – whom ironically, will be playing against Baroka at the Cape Town Stadium on Sunday. However, both Mdantsane and City’s owner John Comitis laughed off Mphahlele’s allegations and mentioned that the player is in possession of his clearance. Said Mdantsane: “My chapter with Baroka is over and now I am with Cape Town City. I have my clearance papers and I am happy with the contribution I made at Baroka. I have nothing to prove to anyone. This is football, these things happen all the time.” Comitis was perplexed regarding Mphahlele’s utterances. “What he’s talking about is a joke. I think he does not understand what he is saying. The boy came to us and said he wants to play for us. He is a good player and we are happy to have him here. He came with a clearance signed by the Baroka chairman. He went and fetched it himself. So I don’t understand what he is talking about. The boy will be available to play this weekend if we select him.” Mdantsane further stated that he cannot wait to face his former club and teammates. “I am a Cape Town City player now and my life is here and I want to do the best for this team. Everyone welcomed me with a warm heart and I feel at home already,” said Mdantsane. “I can’t wait for this game. I have made lots of friends at Baroka over the past four years I have been with them, but we have to put that aside on Sunday. We will be friends after the game. Our aim is to fight for three points,” he added. Meanwhile, new Baroka captain Gerald Phiri promised that their fans will see a much improved play starting on Sunday under new coach Dylan Kerr. The Englishman joined Baroka last week, replacing Wedson Nyirenda who resigned. “The mood is amazing at training,” said Phiri. “Everyone is working hard as they are trying to impress the new coach. It will be a tough game but we are heading to Cape with a positive mentality.” Baroka are 14th on the log while City are sitting on position 15.