BIDVEST Wits striker Gift Motupa has revealed that he would jump at the opportunity to join Tshwane giants Mamelodi Sundowns. The 25-year-old has been linked with a move to the Brazilians, who are eager to add another attacker to their ranks after their pursuit of former Kaizer Chiefs marksman Knowledge Musona failed to materialise. Motupa, who is the Clever Boys’ top scorer in all competitions so far this season, is reportedly one of the players on Downs coach Pitso Mosimane’s wish-list. And the former Orlando Pirates star, who is contracted to Wits until 2022, has made no secret that he would relish the chance to play for one of the most successful teams in the country, should they come calling. “It’s a good thing to be linked with a team as big and successful as Sundowns,” said Motupa at the PSL headquarters in Parktown where he was named the Absa Premiership Player of the Month for December. “They (Sundowns) compete in the Champions League every year, every player would love to have that experience and win more trophies. “They have won more trophies than anyone in the past six years, so everyone would love to be part of that team. “They (Sundowns) haven’t approached me, but what I know is that they have approached the team (Wits) and I don’t know what happened. Don’t’ get me wrong, I’m happy where I am currently because I’m still contracted to Wits, but if my team allows me to leave then I would go.” Motupa believes a move to the record nine-time Premiership champions would help him grow as a player as he would be testing himself against some of the best players on the continent in the Caf Champions League. He believes it would also increase his chances of getting back into the Bafana Bafana fold with the World Cup and Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers looming. “It’s good for South African players to play in the Champions League because they will gain valuable experience which will come in handy when they turn up for Bafana Bafana. “I have played in the competition before, I don’t think it would be a big problem for me. If you have the quality then why not join the best?”