IT has become a norm to see rookies in the Absa Premiership struggle to make impact and end up being relegated to the First Division. But this season newbies Stellenbosch FC have vowed that they won't be part of the unwanted statistics as they are eyeing a top eight finish on their first season. “We have seen teams struggle on their first season in the PSL and end up being relegated. We do not want to be part of those stats,” said the club top goal scorer Waseem Isaacs. Isaacs has scored seven goals this season. With 10 games remaining, the 29-year-old is  determined to get more goals to ensure his team finishes in the top eight. He added: “We want to stay away from relegation. We cannot afford to go down, it is not easy to come back.” “My job as a striker is to score goals and I will continue do that.” Stellies gained automatic promotion to the top-flight after excelling in the National First Division (GladAfrica Championship) last season. In the first round of the league the club which is owned by business tycoon Johann Rupert, had 15 games to forget as things were not falling into place for them. They were struggling to get points, however, believing in coach Steve Barker seem to be rewarding them now. Stellies have turned the corner and they have found themselves among the top eight teams in the league. They are on a tree match winning streak and they want to stretch it this weekend when they travel to Venda where they will renew rivalry with Black Leopards. On Sunday (3.30pm), Stellies will face Black Leopards in a league match at Thohoyandou Stadium. Isaacs says there’s nothing much they have done differently in the team. He states that the hard work is now paying off. “The is nothing special that we are doing,” he said. “I think the results are now coming because of the hard work we have been putting. “It was not easy for us to adapt in the league with big boys. "But now we have found our feet and we want to maintain consistency.” Stellenbosch are in eighth position on the log with 24 points from 20 matches. 