THE games keep on coming thick and fast for Bidvest Wits and yet their injury situation is not helping them. The Clever Boys are playing catch up in the Absa Premiership and face a busy programme this month. Coach Gavin Hunt has several of his stars side-lined by injury. The likes of Thabang Monare, Elias Pelembe, Alexandra Cole and Haashim Domingo are some of the regulars that Hunt is forced to do without in their next league game. The Clever Boys visit defending league champions Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld tomorrow night (7.30pm). Hunt says he does not have depth in his squad and it’s getting harder to compete in two competitions the Premiership and Caf Confederation Cup. The Clever Boys game against Sundowns headlines the mid-week games as both teams are chasing log leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Wits are third on the log with 26 points from 12 games and they trail Chiefs by nine points. Sundowns trail Chiefs by four points after 15 matches have been played and the gap could be cut to one point if they defeat the Clever Boys. Hunt’s boys held the Tshwane based outfit to a 1-1 draw at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban before the Christmas recess. But Hunt says that it’s going to be difficult to beat the champions without some of his key players. Hunt said: “Take four players out of the top sides and you will see that they will also struggle. I’m forced to field youngsters against a big team in the league and it is what it is. I don’t know how we will approach the game, but we will see.” The Clever Boys completed the double over PSL rookies Stellenbosch with a 2-1 win at Milpark in the first round and a comfortable 2-0 victory in Cape Town at the weekend. Goals by Gift Motupa and Deon Kavendji helped the Students to secure all the three points. Hunt was all smiles after watching his side collect the three points in their first game of the New Year. He added: “It’s not easy for a small club like us to win the league and all that we have to worry about is to get points. It was not easy to come here and collect the maximum points so I’m happy we won and kept a clean sheet.”