“I AM ready!” City of Tshwane Mayor Stevens Mokgalapa said he is looking forward to the internal disciplinary hearing brought against him by his party, the DA. The mayor, who has been on leave since November, said he couldn’t wait for the matter to begin and to have this chapter of his life closed. READ: COP FOUND IN A POOL OF BLOOD! Mokgalapa went on voluntarily leave after the release of a sex audio of him and his former MMC for roads and transport, Sheila Senkubuge, engaging in an alleged sex act at the municipality’s Hatfield offices in Tshwane. In the clip that was making rounds on social media, Mokgalapa and Senkubuge can be heard discussing plans to fire municipal officials and calling his predecessor, Solly Msimanga, a big head with his policies that are stupid and the city’s speaker, Katlego Mathebe a witch. After the audio was leaked, Mokgalapa, said it was just two colleagues having a conversation and there was nothing wrong with that. “This is the nature of the work we are doing,” he said. Over the weekend, the DA’s federal executive received a report into the incident from its federal legal commission recommending that he be brought before a disciplinary hearing over remarks made during the recording regarding municipal officials. DA leader John Steenhuisen has announced action against Mokgalapa had nothing to do with the actions of two consenting adults. Rather it was related to remarks he made. READ: WATCH: LOVER IS MY ARMS AND LEGS! He said who people choose to love and how they do so is their business but when they have matters that impact on governance, particularly transparency and accountability, they will always step in to ensure the values and principles of the party are being upheld. When Daily Sun asked Mokgalapa if he was prepared for the hearing, he said he was looking forward to it. “Just like any other hearing, we will sit down discuss and then reach a decision then we will take it from there. “I just can’t wait for this chapter to end,” he said