  In what
seemed like a warning to one of his high-ranking lieutenants, Public
Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan, President Cyril Ramaphosa said leaders
should stop interfering with the boards of state-owned enterprises (SOEs). Speaking at
the closing of the party's annual lekgotla, Ramaphosa focused some of his
address on the structuring and restructuring of SOEs. Gordhan has
been widely criticised for his handling of SOEs, which has led to calls for his
resignation by the EFF and ANC alliance partner Cosatu. "We
should avoid political interference in operational matters of our SOEs and if
there is to be any, it should be strategic matters and also where there is
mismanagement and a clear company failure," Ramaphosa said. Last year,
while reporting to Parliament's standing committee on appropriations, Eskom
board member Busisiwe Mavuso said the power utility had experienced intense
political pressure to keep the lights on irrespective of the cost. Mavuso
complained to Parliament that board members were unable to make hard decisions
because of an interfering shareholder. Gordhan is the shareholder
representative at Eskom. This
sentiment was seemingly shared by former Eskom CEO Phakamani Hadebe and SAA
head Vuyani Jarana who resigned within days of each other in June. In his
resignation letter, Jarana said "lack of commitment to fund SAA is
systematically undermining the implementation of the strategy, making it increasingly
difficult to succeed". Gordhan,
however, defended himself in written responses to the EFF's parliamentary
questions, saying a 100% shareholder, as with the government, at SOEs could
have a range of rights in relation to their governance, Business Day reported. He added
the shareholder department should hold the board accountable and at critical
stages of an entity, the shareholder might initiate processes to assist both
the shareholder and board to both diagnose a problem and suggest solutions. Ramaphosa
also spoke out against dissenting voices within the party, saying the national
executive committee (NEC) had agreed to speak in one unified voice as different
individuals. News24
earlier reported Finance Minister Tito Mboweni was taken to task at the NEC
meeting for his tweets in which he expressed frustration over Nasrec
resolutions on the SA Reserve Bank, saying they were wrong. Mboweni's
tweets led to Luthuli House releasing a statement denouncing his public views. SOURCE:
NEWS24