NEW Baroka captain Elvis Chipezeze can hardly wait to officially begin working with new coach Dylan Kerr, whom he has described as a “very good coach.” Kerr, who was appointed by the Ga Mphahlele-based outfit about three weeks ago, is yet to officially take his place on the bench as he still awaits his work permit. He has been a frustrated figure in the stands with Bakgaga’s long-time assistant coach Matsimela Thoka holding the fort in the dugout in his absence. Kerr’s eagerly anticipated debut on the Baroka bench, now appears to be just around the corner with the club finalising his paperwork, something that will please Chipezeze and company. The Zimbabwean shot-stopper is expecting plenty of improvement under Kerr’s tutelage having seen his work during his time at provincial rivals Black Leopards last season. “He is a good coach with a lot of experience,” said Chipezeze. “I am convinced that he can steady the ship and set us up in the right direction. He is obviously coming in with new methods and trying to instil some confidence and belief in the team. Each and every coach has his own philosophy. You have to adapt and adjust quickly to whatever he brings to the table. Hopefully, we are able to do that.” The Englishman has been tasked with turning the club’s fortunes around following their struggles this season. Bakgaga sits precariously in 13th spot with only goal difference keeping them away from the dreaded relegation zone. They host Maritzburg United at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3.30 pm) hoping to gain some breathing space and avoid falling to the foot of the table. Chipezeze is confident that they will survive as they have enough quality in their team and the right mentality required in a relegation dogfight. “There’s a belief within the squad that we can survive relegation,” added Chipezeze. “We have been pushing each other. But we want to take each game as it comes because as you all know when you’re down there it’s not nice. We have to keep fighting and take it one game at a time for us to survive.”