Newly appointed Springbok coach Jacques Nienaber admits he understands why some rugby fans have a question-mark about his abilities, especially as he has never been a head coach before. Nienaber was appointed to succeed Rassie Erasmus, the World Cup-winning coach who will step back to fulfill more of his duties as Director of Rugby with Nienaber becoming the public face of the World Champions. And while many people don't know Nienaber well, he has a rugby pedigree and has been involved with Bok rugby since 2011. He is also Erasmus's most trusted lieutenant and the continuity that flows with the appointment is apparent. "There are people who will say that my appointment is a massive risk as I haven't been a head coach before," Nienaber said. "What can I say they are right. "I can't argue, I haven't been a head coach before. I understand that it is a risk, but it is a risk for me as well. It might be a risk for me and for the organisation. Rassie and I have discussed how we are going to manage that. "But obviously when Rassie asked me and said he believed I was the right guy going forward, I wouldn't have accepted if I don't think I can do it. If you go back, me starting from being a physio, going into S&C (Strength and conditioning), going into defence coach and now this. "I’m very keen on this and don't think I would have accepted it if I didn't think I could make a success of this. Otherwise I would have said just 'keep me where I am, I am comfortable being a defence coach and an assistant coach'. "From my perspective, I can't convince people to believe. My results will have to prove that and the challenge will come when we play Scotland in July. That is probably the only thing I can say about that. Nienaber said it would be a tough task to keep the Springboks at No 1 in World Rugby. "It will be a difficult task but a great challenge. It is difficult to become the best team in the world and then it is more difficult to stay there. It will be a big challenge to keep the continuity in our processes and to work hard to get there and it is a challenge I’m looking forward to." Erasmus underlined the bond between the two men and reiterated that he will be involved every step of the way, while always looking out for what is best for Bok rugby. "Jacques and have worked together since 1990 in the army. We understand each other and debate things extensively. We will always do what is right for Springbok rugby. "Just as Matthew Proudfoot and I did the maul last year, he didn't do it alone but I coached alongside him on the rolling maul. We did the scrums as well. We will sit together in all the meetings. I will help him plan. "You know scrums don't function without lineouts, and lineouts don’t function without attack. Attack doesn't function without defence. Defence doesn't function without the breakdown. To tie all those together, we are lucky to have him as a qualified conditioning coach, a qualified physiotherapist and one of the best defensive coaches in the world. "And then in the last six, seven years he has been in many roles in a lot of the teams that I have coached with him. For sure, if I feel the mauling is not good enough, I will step in. If we differ on team selection, we will have a robust discussion to get the best for the Springbok team. "If the Springboks don't win, the buck stops with me...I have to take responsibility. That is how hands on I will be." -SuperSport