  ‘THE DECISION was not unlawful. We did not abuse our power.’ This was said by the Gauteng MEC for Human Settlements, Urban Planning and CoGTA Lebogang Maile, when he was explaining his decision to rescind the suspensions of Councillors Vasco Da Gama former Speaker of the City of Johannesburg and the current Speaker of the City of Tshwane, Katlego Mathebe. Maile was briefing the media in Johannesburg Tuesday, when he said he has not falsely accused anyone when he took the decision to suspend Mathebe and Da Gama. This came after he suspended the two Councillors for three and six months respectively without pay last Thursday. He said one of the fundamental reasons that led to the decision to suspend them was that they acted in a manner that puts their personal interests above those of the residents of Tshwane and Johannesburg. According to him, although the suspension has been lifted for now, the charges remain. He said the reason behind his change of mind was after he consulted with the Senior Counsels (SC). He added that he obtained legal advice on the matter, which included two similar cases in the Western Cape. “I am not embarrassed and yes we will forge ahead. “We are interested in the resolution of the challenges of Tshwane. “This is our only objective,” he said. Maile said it was important to underscore that despite having given the Councillors an opportunity to present their versions, in response to the allegations against them, they failed to address the substantive issues. He said even after consulting with the SC, he maintains that the conduct of the two Councillors constituted gross abuse of office, dereliction of legislative duties and caused harm to residents of both cities. “Our decision to suspend both Councillors was not taken lightly and in a partisan manner but rather in the spirit of cooperative governance. “The merit and correctness of our decision remains as our actions have been consistent with the Constitution and pertinent municipal legislation,” he said Meanwhile, the DA’s Mike Moriarty, said it was quite clear who the constitutional delinquent was here. “We think Maile should face consequences. “So, in this regard, councillors Mathebe and Da Gama are seeking legal advice against Lebogang Maile for impugning their integrity,” he said 