SANGOMAS sometimes ask their clients for some odd things. But why would they ever ask you to send them nudes? IT’S NOT SOMETHING THAT WOULD EVER HAPPEN – EVER! Sangoma Lenn-Morton Gundabaloyi is warning people to be careful out there. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. 'I DON'T WANT QUEUES HERE' "Call me, setup an appointment.... " Popularly known as Khokhovula, Gundabaloyi said he recently fallen victim to a scammer, who was defrauding people in his name. And what’s even worse was that the thug was asking clients to send him nudes instead of payment. He told Daily Sun the scam started in October last year, when someone created a Facebook page stating his old account was hacked and people should use the new one. People fell for it and started seeking help from the scammer.  Khokhovula said he found out about it three weeks after the account was created. He reported the account and it was closed. But now someone is using his old number, pretending to be him. He said nine people were defrauded last month alone. Some were robbed of money, while others were asked to send nudes. He said he found out about the scam when he received calls from angry clients, while others complained on his social media accounts. “A client’s boyfriend even asked me why I was taking advantage of his girlfriend. “When I asked why he asked me such, he told me his girlfriend told him I had asked for nudes to heal her,” he said. “He was so angry and I understood where he was coming from.” Khokhovula said while he was dealing with this matter, two other women called to complain about the same thing. “Luckily for them, they refused to send the nudes when they realised the scammer wasn’t me,” said Khokhovula. “Three men told me they sent money to this man who promised to help them over the phone.” He said one paid R3 000 to fix his 4-5, another paid R2 500 for cleansing, while the third one paid R1 500 for good luck. “This person is still defrauding people. Please stop calling my old number. My current numbers are on my website and on my social media accounts,” said Khokhovula. One of the victims, Khanyisile Masombuka (29), said she called the scammer to ask him to heal her as she had endless stomach cramps. “He told me to send him nudes. I was sceptical, but my desperation took over. I sent him my nudes, but he blocked me when my man texted him,” she said. Another victim, Gladys Mantsena (35), said she didn’t fall for the trick. She said she knew it wasn’t the real Khokhovula as soon as the man asked for nudes. “I told him I’m pregnant and I wanted something to protect my baby from evil spirits. He told me to send him nudes via MMS as I don’t have WhatsApp. I refused and immediately called Khokhovula’s other numbers to alert him,” she said. A third victim, Nkosiyethu Makhanya (41), said he paid R1 500 for good luck. He said the man told him he was overseas, but he could help him over the phone. “He told me to send the money through a supermarket and I did. When I called him back, he blocked me,” he said. Khokhovula’s wife said she sent the man a message, pretending she needed help. “He asked me to come to him, but I quickly revealed that I was the wife of the real Khokhovula. He then blocked me,” she said. 