STRUGGLING Polokwane City striker Mohammed Anas is confident that Rise and Shine will retain their top flight status this season. City’s form has been poor and are currently sitting at the bottom of the log, with 16 points from 18 league matches. But the 25-year-old Ghanaian believes the Limpopo-based side will still be campaigning in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) next season. “As a team, we’re not putting ourselves under pressure,” said the former Maritzburg United and Free State Stars player. “We know all we need to do is being consistent and moving from where we are. “We need to win two or three games in a row, then we might be in the top eight. “The gap between us and the teams that are above us is not that huge,” he told SunSport. “The good thing for us is that we have a good coach Clinton Larsen and all we need to do is listen to him and follow instructions. “To be honest, relegation is the last thing in our minds. We’re positive that next season we’ll still be in top flight.” City entertain Steve Komphela’s Golden Arrows in a league clash this afternoon at Peter Mokaba Stadium (3.30pm). This will be the third time City and Abafana Bes’ Thende clash this season. Arrows knocked out City in the Telkom Knockout Cup’s last 16 round, beating them 1-0 at the Ray Xulu Stadium followed by a 2-1 victory in a league clash at the same stadium. “There’s no easy game in the PSL, especially now during the second round,” he said. “We’re expecting a tough match, but need to win at all cost, looking at the position we’re in on the log. “Arrows beat us twice, but this time around, we’re playing at home and are optimistic we’ll get positive results.” Larsen will put his money on Anas, Ranga Chivaviro and their leading goalscorer Charlton Mashumba to upset his former team. The Zimbabwean international Mashumba has scored five goals for City. Komphela on the other hand willl bank on his on form striker and Mashumba’s compatriot Knox Mutizwa. City goalie and Mutizwa’s fellow citizen George Chigova is another Mutizwa’s fellow citizen he will be facing this afternoon. Mutizwa has been in a superb form this season netting eight goals.