KAIZER Chiefs are showing nerves of steel at the top of the Absa Premiership table at the moment, playing like a team that is determined to clinch the title. They stretched their league at the summit to nine points following a convincing 3-0 win over Cape Town City at the FNB Stadium on Sunday. The result meant the log leaders now have more breathing space, especially with second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns only playing midweek. The defending champions, who were not in league action at the weekend due to their Caf Champions League commitments, will face Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday (7.30pm). And Amakhosi will be watching that encounter with keen interest, hoping that their Soweto rivals, Pirates, do them a huge favour by denying Downs the opportunity to close the gap. Downs, though, are not the only team Chiefs will be concerned about with SuperSport United also slowly making their case as serious title contenders. Matsatsansta a Pitori got back to winning ways and got their title charge back on track after they defeated AmaZulu 2-0 in yesterday’s other match at the King Zwelithini Stadium. Chiefs, who hit a bump in the road when they lost to Matsatsansta a few weeks ago, appear to have regained their momentum after back-to-back wins since that defeat. They started like a house on fire against, breaking the deadlock as early as the 11th minute through on-form striker Leonardo Castro. The Colombian once again demonstrated his aerial prowess when he leapt highest to nod in a Kearyn Baccus cross to bag his seventh league goal of the season. It would be the only goal of an entertaining first half in front of some 20 000 spectators inside the calabash, however, not the last of the match. Amakhosi’s top scorer, Samir Nurkovic, marked his return from suspension with a ninth league goal of the season when he headed past Peter Leeuwenburgh in the City goal to double his side’s lead. Two minutes later, Eric Mathoho would make it a hat-trick of headed goals for Chiefs as they went on to seal all three points. It was Mathoho's second goal in as many matches, his fourth of the season overall. Chiefs next face Black Leopards at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm) while the Citizens tackle Bidvest Wits at Cape Town Stadium later that in the day at 6.30 pm.