AFTER securing their qualification to the Caf Champions League quarterfinals with two games to spare, Mamelodi Sundowns are now shifting their focus towards their Absa Premiership mid-week encounter against Orlando Pirates. It’s a big week for the Brazilians as they have two massive league games this week – their clash against Bucs at the Orlando Stadium on Wednesday night (7.30pm) is the pick of the midweek fixtures. On Sunday afternoon they feature in the Tshwane derby against SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville. The two games could have a huge bearing on their title race against log leader Kaizer Chiefs. Mosimane wants his team to leave no stone unturned in their quest to catch runaway leaders Amakhosi. The former Bafana Bafana coach is looking forward to renewing his rivalry against Bucs, who have a new coach in German Josef Zinnbauer. But Mosimane says Bucs are favourites to win this big showdown as they are well rested while his team has been busy representing the country on the African continent. The Brazilians defeated USM Alger of Algeria 2-1 in their Champions’ League Group C encounter at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday to seal their passage to the last eight. Mosimane said: “We have to do something about our league situation. We now have some breathing space after qualifying with two games to spare and have to channel our energy towards catching up with Chiefs. “But Pirates didn’t play this weekend and have been patiently waiting for us. You know it’s not easy when you play against the well-rested teams. We don’t run the same race.” Mosimane is hoping that his players will not forget their scoring boots at home when they play Bucs. Their goalless draw against Bidvest Wits in their previous league game left him furious as they could have easily wrapped up the three points. He says he will set up his team to go to Soweto to collect the maximum points. He is also focused on signing a striker before the January transfer window closes. Mosimane said: “There are bragging rights to play for and the supporters demand the three points. If you want to win the league you have to beat Pirates. They have a new coach, but same old players. The stadium will be full. I just hope that we don’t miss too many chances because I know that we can create plenty of chances. We also have a great squad.” Surviving this week in the league is all that matters for Mosimane and his charges and he knows that if they can collect the six points from the two big games they will make a massive statement.