AN ACTING community headman's home was torched. Two of his cars and a motorbike were torched after his red
Citi Golf was mistakenly identified to have been involved in the death of a
19-year-old Sibonelo Ramaila who was found killed on the street last year. The headman Elvis Mangena (32) from Ga-Masoma village
outside Tzaneen in Limpopo only survived the fuming crowd after he got a tip
off that the crowd is on its way to his house to kill and burn his house. He told Daily Sun that he ran to the nearby mountains
to hide for his safety and later went to Lenyenye Police Station where he was
arrested on arrival, but released from jail the following day by the Magistrate
Court as the police had arrested the rightful suspect for the murder. Elvis said he has realized that there is a group of people
that is against his leadership and wants to de-throne him from his position but
using the community to archive their plans. "The right suspect which has been arrested now and had
lied to the police and crowd that it was around 1am when a man from a red Golf
abducted his girlfriend from him, raped her and stabbed her to death. That's
when they suspected my car after their mass meetings," he said. "I am a family man and we have nowhere to go, we can't
return back there they will finish me off. After I was released from jail, I
got a call from a leader of the crowd and requested to meet with me and I
agreed on one condition that they send seven people but they send twenty people
I then left without meeting them," he said. Elvis's mother Nelly Mangena (59) added that it's been hard
for her since her son's home was burnt down, because there are people coming at
her house demanding that she reveal her son's whereabouts. "We have called the police and notified them about
people coming to my house. They have promised that they will follow that up. I
am pleading with residents not to allow individuals to use them in fighting my
son's headman position," she said. Police spokesman Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo confirmed that
they have opened a case of arson and malicious damage to property. "No one has been arrested but our investigations are
still continuing and hopefully very soon we will make an arrest,"
Motlafela said. 