ALONG WITH thousands of schoolchildren, Pelican Khumalo walked through the classroom door for his first day at school. But it wasn’t as a pupil – it was as a teacher. IT WAS A DREAM TO WHICH HE HAD DEVOTED SO MANY YEARS OF HIS LIFE. Yesterday the SunTeam visited Ebony Park Primary School to speak to the 28-year-old Pelican from Ivory Park in Midrand, who gave up taxi keys to become a teacher. Daily Sun published his story last year in November – he juggled driving taxis and his studies to fulfil his dream. In 2013 he got his first certificate in Adult Basic Education and Training at Unisa. Last year he graduated with a BA degree in education through the same institution. Schoolkids recognised Pelican when the principal introduced him at assembly! “I hadn’t slept for a week, thinking about my first day as a teacher. I wasn’t sure if the children would welcome me,” he said. He said he’ll be teaching grades 5 and 6 pupils Zulu and maths.  The SunTeam saw Pelican in action as pupils gave him their full attention and listened to his bold voice. “At first I was shaking but got better. The teachers and pupils welcomed me with open arms.” He said people close to him were happy about the progress he’d made. “They’re inspired that a taxi driver like me worked hard to realise a far-distant dream,” he said. Pelican, who lives near the school, told the People’s Paper he had received job offers in Soweto, Diepsloot and Vosloorus. “I rejected more than 30 offers and chose Ivory Park because it’s the place that nurtured me in my journey,” he said. “My phone was buzzing, with principals calling me, but I decided to serve in my community.”  After he graduated, the Ivory Park Taxi Association gave him R52 500, the amount he’d spent on his tuition fees while studying. “I thank the association for the kind gesture and support while I was still a taxi driver,” he said. He spoke fondly of the association’s chairman, Buti Mkhonza. “He was inspired by my story and refunded me the money I used to settle my school fees. “He told me to let him know when I want to further my studies, and that he’d finance me.” Pelican said he was in the process of launching a foundation to encourage and support people to go back to school. Principal Maurine Selowa told Daily Sun Pelican was referred to the school by Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi. “The MEC told us to give him a chance and we saw him as a great asset to the school,” she said. “He’s going to be an inspiration to many kids. He’ll inspire and motivate them to do great things.” Former colleague Nkosinathi Khumalo previously told Daily Sun he was inspired by Pelican. “We always encouraged him to follow his dreams.”