ON SUNDAYS he preaches the Word of God. But the same pastor has been caught by very angry women inside a housing estate. ACCORDING TO THEM, HE’S NOTHING BUT A PEEPING TOM! READ: WATCH: PEOPLE LOOT CASH VAN! The women of Olievenhoutbosch in Midrand, north of Joburg, said he targets single women in the housing estate next to where he lives. He was caught last week, allegedly peeping through the window at a naked woman as she stood in her room. The horny pastor was bust, roped and klapped by victims and male residents of the estate. In a short video sent to the People’s Paper, the pastor is seen sitting in the street and a woman, apparently one of those who said he was peeping at her, asks the pastor why he was looking at her. “You come all the way from Malamulela to look at my butt? Are you sick? What are you doing here?” she asked. In another video, the man is seen being beaten up, with some residents pleading for his life. A resident at the complex, who did not want to be named, told Daily Sun they suspected the pastor started his wicked ways last year. “In February last year we were told that in the morning and evenings there is someone hanging around the estate looking through the windows,” said a 33-year-old woman. “We were told he peeps at single women when they bath. We lived in fear but we couldn’t catch him,” she said. READ: 1,000-BED CORONAVIRUS HOSPITAL OPENS AFTER 48 HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION A 29-year-old woman said: “I first saw him when I stepped out of my shower and there he was with his head through the open window.” A 44-year-old woman said she thought it was no more than a rumour until last month when she went to bath. “As I was sitting down in the bath, I saw a man peeping through my window. It’s the man we bust,” she said. According to a male resident, the pastor lives at a nearby estate. “Last week he was found peeping through curtains at a woman. A neighbour saw him and screamed. The man was caught in the woman’s yard,” said the man. A 33-year-old resident said he was woken by screaming residents. When he went outside, the pastor was tied up and being klapped by residents. “He said he was visiting his girlfriend (in the estate). We called the woman and she denied knowing him. Daily Sun was told that the pastor conducts services in a tent church near Soweto. The tent was seized by unknown people following the videos, but the pastor has since rebuilt the tent. READ: SBAHLE MPISANE MOVES ON FROM CAR CRASH TRAUMA! “The community was busy donating to his church to start a creche for the complex. If he did this, what will he do to kids?” asked a resident. When called for comment, the pastor said he had gone to see his girlfriend. “I went to see my lover, but when I got to the area my girlfriend’s husband was there. I was hiding from him when I was seen and I was seen to be a peeping Tom. I couldn’t indicate where her house was because her husband was there,” he said. “I was humiliated by those residents. I wasn’t supposed to be seen crawling to a side chick. I was moered, despite telling them I was not peeping.” The pastor said he had opened an assault case. Brigadier Mathapelo Peters confirmed that a case of assault was opened at Olievenhoutbosch cop shop. “No arrests have been made, but investigations are under way,” she said.