THE fact that Kaizer Chiefs started the New Year with a loss, makes their next Absa Premiership game against Highlands Park a must-win affair. Losing the game against Highlands at a packed FNB Stadium on Wednesdy night (7.30pm), is not negotiable. Firstly, Amakhosi’s 2-1 loss to SuperSport United at the Mbombela Stadium last week has blown the title race wide open. Secondly, losing back-to-back league matches will cast a big doubt on their title aspirations and it will give the teams that are chasing them confidence of unseating them at the top. And thirdly, the club is rolling out the red card, champagne and cutting the cake to celebrate their 50th anniversary. Losing on such a big night when thousands of supporters, politicians and legends have come out in their numbers to celebrate the iconic club’s big milestone will be a big disappointment. The message from the management and technical team to the players is very clear – do not disappoint us. Amakhosi players will don the new anniversary jersey in this big match. Coach Ernst Middendorp, stars George Maluleka and Daniel Cardoso will not allow the Tembisa-based outfit to ruin their special night. Cardoso was quick to remind everyone about the magnitude of the game against Owen Da Gama’s boys. Stressed Cardoso: “It’s a big game for us and a lot is expected from us. Losing is not an option.” Maluleka, who celebrated his 30th birthday yesterday, echoed his teammate’s sentiments. He agrees that a repeat of what happened against SuperSport in Nelspruit will not be good for the log leaders. A hopeful Maluleka said: “There was plenty of positives to draw from the loss against SuperSport. We did everything well except score goals in that game. But the plan is to end the night against Highlands on the winning side. We just have to convert our chances.” Maluleka claims that there is no talk of the title race in the Amakhosi camp and that they are focusing on their next game. Explained Maluleka: “Title what title? It’s still early days to talk about winning the league. We are taking it one step at a time and we are not looking beyond Highlands.” The fans are coming out in numbers and we want them to go home happy.” It’s been confirmed that a crowd of 84 000 people will attend this historic game for Amakhosi. Fans that don’t have the tickets have been warned to stay away from the stadium. Marketing director Jessica Motaung said it’s going to be a massive party tonight. Added Motaung: “We will roll out the red carpet. There will be champagne and cake.”