GOLDEN Arrows captain Matome Mathiane feels SuperSport United is set to provide a similar test they faced against Kaizer Chiefs last weekend. Abafana Bes’Thende will host Matsantsantsa A Pitori at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Just like Chiefs, the three-time league winners are gunning for the league title as they lie third on the table. Against Chiefs, Arrows fought doggedly but they lost the battle as were punished in the last minute after they failed to clear the lines, allowing Amakhosi steal the victory. It was heart-breaking for Steve Komphela’s side, as they completely matched Chiefs for large parts, repelling their pattern of floating long balls in the box. Mathiane was driving force on the day alongside Nkosinathi Sibisi at the back. They completely closed off the aggressiveness of Leonardo Castro and Samir Nurkovic. SuperSport have their own aggressor - Thami Gabuza, who is also strong in the and can hold the ball for longer to allow his runners to benefit, especially his partner Bradley Grobler, who has scored ten league goals thus far. “SuperSport nearly play the same football as Chiefs. They play with three strikers (Gabuza, Grobler upfront and either Sipho Mbule/Kuda Mahachi as a supporting striker),” said Mathiane, who has been in brilliant form this season for Arrows. “So we expecting the same game we played on Saturday. The fact that we are playing at home, we have to collect the three points. So we’ll make sure that win on Saturday.” These two have already faced each other twice this season and impressively Arrows have not lost. Abafana Bes’Thende firstly beat SuperSport 1-0 in the Telkom Knockout quarter final when Lindokuhle Mtshali curled in a superb free kick at Mbombela Stadium on 2 November. Three days later, they faced each at the same venue and Arrows came back with a point as they shared the spoils to see the encounter end in a goalless draw. “I think they know how Golden Arrows play. It won’t be easy for them to play us three times since we have no lost,” added Mathiane, whose side are ninth with 24 points. “But we need points at the moment as you can see on the log we are not safe. But as I said, we’ll make sure that we collect maximum points.” 