Mining
mogul Patrice Motsepe has apologised for a remark he made at the World Economic
Forum in Davos last week, where he told US President Donald Trump at a dinner
that "Africa loves America". "Africa
loves America. Africa loves you. It's very, very important. We want America to
do well. We want you to do well. The success of America is the success of the
rest of the world," Motsepe was captured on video telling Trump, News24
reported. His
utterances ruffled some feathers locally. In a
statement his foundation issued on Tuesday, Motsepe said he was aware of the
"lively, diverse and at times emotional debate in the global media and on
social media relating to my remarks to President Donald Trump". Motsepe
said the debate also exposed him to the views of Africans who disagreed with
his remarks. "I
have a duty to listen to these differing views and would like to apologise. I
do not have the right to speak on behalf of anybody except myself. "As a
global philanthropist and business leader, I have for many decades, in South
Africa and on the African continent, worked to bring together and unite people
of different races, ethnic groups and members of different religious and
faith-based organisations. I've worked with political, business, societal and
other leaders whose views and policies I do not share and will continue to do
so in Africa and globally." Motsepe
said his remarks at the dinner were partly aimed at encouraging discussions
between the Trump administration and African political and business leaders,
particularly in the context of the increasing feedback from certain American
political and business leaders that South Africa and some African countries
were anti-America and its political leadership. This
perception has had an impact on the ability to attract foreign investments and
create jobs, Motsepe contended. "Africa's
current population is 1.35 billion and it has the fastest growing youth (aged
between 15 and 24) and total population in the world. "The
unemployment rate in the eight largest African economies measured by GDP is
approximately 18%. South Africa - which has the most industrialised and diverse
economy in Africa - has an unemployment rate of 29.1% and a youth (aged between
15 and 24) unemployment rate of 51%." 'A
prosperous Africa is good for the world' Motsepe
said Africa has to create approximately eight million new jobs for the youth
every year and South Africa has to create in excess of 500 000 new jobs for
young people each year. "In
order to do this and to provide skills and expertise and improve the living
conditions and standards of living of millions of Africans, Africa will have to
create partnerships and increase trade and investment ties between Africa and
America and between Africa and other parts of the world," Motsepe said.  "A
successful, prosperous and growing Africa is good and beneficial not only to
the 1.35 billion people living in Africa but for the world. According
to Motsepe, Africa and America share common values and principles and have
greater mutual interest than the issues or policies on which they disagree or
have different views. He said it
was in the interest of South Africa and the rest of the African continent to
build mutually beneficial socio-political, trade, investment and cultural ties
between the economies and people of Africa and America and Africa and the
world. "I am
committed to continue making a humble contribution in this regard,"
Motsepe said. SOURCE: NEWS24