It's first day of school for most of Mzansi's pupils and celebrities are taking their bundles of joy back to school, some for the first time. There will be joy, laughter and anger, as some school kids return to school and while some are already familiar with the environment, some are newcomers. Seasoned actor Hlomla Dandala's bank account was left "bruised" after spending on school essentials. This he revealed in an Instagram post, in which he said he was happy that his kids are all going back to school. He wrote: "So day 1 of back-to-school is done and dusted. My bank account is bruised. I’m exhausted: between haggling for bargains, payment plans and “who was meant to do what” with the moms, my babies are successfully at school. Fully integrated and (relatively) happy.Thank God for another day and thank you to all those who assisted: the moms (begrudgingly said), the uniform and books ladies at school (these ladies were so amazing I had to buy them Mag**m chocolate ice creams) and to certain retailers I can’t mention (no free promotion here) for their bargains and the accounts lady at SHC for the financial planning... oh, also to @msandyboi for removing me from the one scene I had today - which gave me a chance to be present at my kiddies 1st day at school. @msandyboi one day, ngizokuthengela i-airplane.All in all, a job well done, judging by the kids happily at school.#SingleDadFiles #DandalaTribe". So day 1 of back-to-school is done and dusted. My bank account is bruised. I’m exhausted: between haggling for bargains, payment plans and “who was meant to do what” with the moms, my babies are successfully at school. Fully integrated and (relatively) happy. Thank God for another day and thank you to all those who assisted: the moms (begrudgingly said), the uniform and books ladies at school (these ladies were so amazing I had to buy them Mag**m chocolate ice creams) and to certain retailers I can’t mention (no free promotion here) for their bargains and the accounts lady at SHC for the financial planning... oh, also to @msandyboi for removing me from the one scene I had today - which gave me a chance to be present at my kiddies 1st day at school. @msandyboi one day, ngizokuthengela i-airplane. All in all, a job well done, judging by the kids happily at school. #SingleDadFiles #DandalaTribe A post shared by  Hlomla D (@hlomla_dandala) on Jan 14, 2020 at 10:59pm PST Meanwhile, radio personality and businessman, Tbo Touch posted a picture of his son, Zuri Molefe, who is starting grade one today. Day 1 I’m finally in Grade 1 yeah. ???????????????????? @master_zuri the next Head Boy #whatatimetobeme A post shared by  Tbo Touch (@iamtbotouch) on Jan 14, 2020 at 10:41pm PST Actress and TV personality Lerato Mvelase also posted her kids headed to school. #firstdayofschool ???????????? first day of school for my little one and last year of junior years for my big one and a prefect now????????????Hope the little one follows her big sisters steps. #proudmum #mother of girls A post shared by @ lerato_mvelase on Jan 15, 2020 at 12:02am PST Former Rhythm City star Nolo Phiri also posted her boy, who is starting grade one today. This young man starts grade 1 today ? #ProudMommy A post shared by  Nolo Phiri (@nolophiri_) on Jan 13, 2020 at 9:55pm PST      