LEG weary Absa Premiership champions face a gruelling start to 2020 with a staggering seven fixtures this month starting with an Absa Premiership clash against AmaZulu at the Moses Mabhida Stadium tomorrow (8.15pm). Pitso Mosimane’s boys had only two days rest when they returned from a tough away trip to Algeria where they defeated USM Algers 1-0 in a Caf Champions League Group C clash played on 28 December. Downs players and technical team were forced to spend Christmas Day in Algeria away from their families, preparing for that Caf showdown. Now they are on the road again. After Usuthu, Mosimane’s charges have three Premiership and three Champions League fixtures to deal with in January ending the first month of 2020 at home to their continental arch rivals Wydad Casablanca. Downs are used to dealing with tight schedules and travelling in Africa and have taken it all in their stride this season. During a recent interview in Durban, Sundowns skipper Hlompho Kekana said: “We have to continue with the same hunger, desire in the second half of the season to better ourselves. I’m quite happy with the way the team played in the first half of the season based on the team’s form. I hope the players are in good state of mind because the club aims to win more trophies.” The Tshwane giants return to the venue where they lifted the Telkom Knockout beating Maritzburg United 2-1 in last month’s final. But Mosimane is also focused on retaining their Premiership title and knows that AmaZulu, who are fighting for their PSL lives, will pose problems. Usuthu are 12th with 16 points only three ahead of bottom club Polokwane City. While the home side are desperate for points they will be trying to even the score with Downs who clobbered them 5-0 in the TKO last 16 and 1-0 in the first round of league in Tshwane. And one player who is determined to make amends is Usuthu’s veteran defender, Mario Booysen, who was signed as free agent this season and made his debut in the 5-0 TKO thrashing. It was a debut the 31-year-old Booysens wants to forget as he scored an own goal against his former club. The well travelled central defender said they are eager to pick up where they left off last month with a 2-1 away win over Bloemfontein Celtic. Booysen made a plea to their supporters to come out in numbers. Said Booysens: “The fans know how important they are to us as our 12th man. We are coming back from a good result against Celtic. The belief is back. To stop Sundowns, we have to apply the right attitude. We have to go for it in this game.”