HIGHER Education Minister Blade Nzimande says through improved information management systems and augmented management structures, Nsfas will be able to effectively deliver in the 2020 academic year. He briefed the media in Tshwane yesterday on the state of readiness by universities and TVET colleges for the 2020 academic year. READ: 'AFRIKAANS SHOULD BE DROPPED' Nzimande was in consultative meetings with SRCs and student formations since Tuesday. The minister said the meeting also focused on students, historical debt, fee regulation policy and Nsfas, student accommodation and security on campuses. “We are hopeful the start of the 2020 academic year will be smooth. “We urge all involved to work together with government and our department, so that we address any challenges,” said Nzimande. He said a successful academic year would require all of their energies, working together to resolve any challenges. He said in 2016, he launched an investigation after continuous allegations of corruption in the higher education system. “The administrator has undertaken a lot of work. There are five internal forensic investigations that have been launched, two completed four criminal cases opened and currently being investigated by the police and 510 instances of financial fraud handed over to the commercial crime court,” he said. Nzimande said there have been allegations and worrying acts of capture. READ: TERROR MATHEBULA’S WIFE COLLAPSED AND DIED! “I have noted allegations of collusion between institutions of higher learning and providers of private accommodation and security companies. “We will not allow universities to be captured.” there are just too many allegations I have to attend to,” he said. He said they have approved massive infrastructure developments across the system of approximately R30 billion for universities since 2007. “More recently since 2018, with the introduction of an earmarked grant of R2,384 billion, with an additional revenue of about R2,5billion from the National Skills Fund to the total value of R4,884 billion,” he said.