FAMILIES waiting to bury their loved ones this coming weekend may not see that happening. That’s because casual workers at Emfuleni Municipality’s Parks and Cemeteries in the Vaal are on strike. Yesterday, municipal employees were locked out as dozens of parks and cemetery workers protested outside the headquarters over the non-payment of overtime. On Wednesday, undertakers took coffins and stretchers to the municipal offices. READ: WATCH: PERVERT PASTOR BUST! “We made the point that people should bury their loved ones themselves,” said an undertaker, who was among the ones who took coffins to the offices. Undertakers joined the strike, fearing they’d not be able to pay their grave fees at the department’s offices. Simangele Mduna (33), a worker at parks and cemeteries, told Daily Sun they hadn’t been paid since November.  “Our manager was fired for corruption. We don’t know how she got back into the system,” said Simangele. “We want our money!” Undertaker Motsumi Phale said they took parks and cemeteries MMC Penny Sengoatsi to the cemetery to show her there were no grave numbers. “Since there are no marked graves, this causes confusion. “Some families end up placing tombstones on wrong graves and praying to wrong families,” said Phale. “The workers have problems with their manager, which have led them to down tools. “We couldn’t pay for grave diggers. That’s why we joined the workers in their strike and closed the municipality.” Phale said family members might not be able to bury their loved ones tomorrow. “We want the municipality to solve its problems so we can have smooth operation this weekend,” he said. Thoriso Mokoena (34), who was meant to bury his mum this weekend, said they were notified by the undertaker they wouldn’t be able to bury her because of the strike. Addressing workers, Mayor Gift Moerane pleaded with workers to go back to work. READ: 'HLENGIWE MHLABA CRASHED MY CAR!' “You’ll get your payments on 7 February,” he said. “If you don’t go back to work, I will go there and dig graves myself.” Vanderbijlpark police spokeswoman Sergeant Gertrude Makhale said: “Our officers managed to calm the situation.” Johan Rousseau, executive chairman of the Funeral Industry Reformed Association, said undertakers were frustrated with government. “I have personally engaged them and nothing came from those meetings,” he said. “Perhaps what led to the coffins being left at the municipality’s doors is the anger and frustrations of undertakers,” he said.