Stationery? Check. New school bag? Check. Uniform washed and
shoes polished? Check. Sunscreen? Check? After spending the last six weeks
chasing after your kids on the beach with sunscreen spray in one hand and a hat
in the other, the last thing you probably feel like is a tussle before school.
However, says Bevan Lewis from Everysun, “it’s imperative for sun protection to
stay top of mind, even when it’s time to return to school. Whether at the
beach, swimming pool, park, or on the school playground or sports field, the
sun’s UV rays are just as damaging.” According to the Cancer Association of South Africa (CANSA)
sunburn can occur within 15 minutes, and the damage caused is permanent, and
adds up with each exposure to the sun. Frighteningly, South Africa has the
second highest incidence of skin cancer in the world and at least 20 000 South
Africans are diagnosed annually with non-melanoma skin cancers*, and
approximately 1 500 are diagnosed with melanoma. CANSA emphasises that the youth should take special
precaution when spending time in the sun – two blistering burns before the age
of 18 can dramatically increase the risk of getting skin cancer later in life.
“This is why it is crucial to instil sun safety habits in our children from a
young age,” says Lewis. “Kids as young as three years old can be taught correct
sunscreen application techniques. The end of year school holidays gives both
parents and kids enough time to make sunscreen application a routine habit, so
that by the time the new school year begins they’ll be all set.” Think of applying sunscreen in the morning, and try
explaining this to the little ones too, like brushing your teeth, getting
dressed and eating breakfast; it’s just as important. “You’ll often find that
if kids know they should be, and why they should be, wearing sunscreen and hats
while outside, they may be more likely to follow suit at school, without a
parent or teacher having to remind them. Let them know gently that if they
don’t wear sunscreen their skin will be very sore, red and burnt, and they
won’t be able to enjoy playing outside with their friends.” Lewis provides the following sun safety tips for parents,
to help make the transition from holiday to back to school as smooth as
possible: