BY the time that Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits return from their respective African duties, the gap at the top of the Absa Premiership title race could be bigger than it is today. Log leaders Kaizer Chiefs have an opportunity to extend their lead at the summit of the log to nine points when they host inconsistent Cape Town City at the FNB Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). Second-placed Downs and Bidvest Wits, who are in fourth spot, have Caf Champions League and Confederation Cup games to attend to against USM Alger and Al-Nasr SC in Tshwane and in Egypt respectively this weekend. Amakhosi will be busy taking care of business in the league with the hope of widening the gap. Fresh from their comprehensive 3-0 victory over Highlands Park at the same venue on Wednesday night, Amakhosi will be hoping to pull away from the chasing pack. Their German mentor Ernst Middendorp opened up about his team’s chances of clinching the championship title in their 50th anniversary year. The former Maritzburg United coach admitted that the pressure is now getting to his team as the legends and management expect them to hold onto their place at the top of the log. Middendorp said: “We didn’t want to spoil the 50th birthday celebrations by losing or drawing against Highlands. There were so many legends here to watch the boys. The pressure of winning the league title is now getting to us as other teams are getting closer to us in the race. But it’s our time to deliver the points and we have to keep on winning to make things easier.” Middendorp lavished praise on his team’s overall performance in their big win against the Tembisa-based outfit. But he has no idea which City team will pitch up at the 2010 Fifa World Cup final venue on Sunday. The Mother City-based outfit blew a 2-0 lead to allow AmaZulu to force a 2-2 draw at the Cape Town Stadium also on Wednesday night. Amakhosi edged them 2-1 in the league in the Mother City in the first-round meeting in 2019. Middendorp is only focusing on growing his team’s lead at the top of the log. Said a hopeful Middendorp: “We have a great advantage and we are relieved that our win has opened up a six-point lead. But we must be careful and go into the next game here with a positive mindset and put what happened against Highlands at the back of our minds.”