HEAVY rain has left many residents homeless and needing help! This comes after heavy rains wreaked havoc in Mamelodi East, Tshwane on Thursday morning. Many shacks in Sizanani and Extension 11, Mamelodi East were flooded with water. The residents say whenever they see clouds and hear thunderstorms, they know something terrible might happen to them. Some of the residents didn't go to work as all their belongings and property were soaked in water. Resident, Busisiwe Mathibela (29) of Extension 11 told Daily Sun that she has to live with the suffering because the municipality has neglected them. "As you can see my home is flooded, and this is not the first time it had happened. "I'm not going anywhere except to a better place,” she said. She added that this happens whenever it rains heavily. "What I only ask is a better place to have peace with my two children," she said. Another resident, Rina Mahlangu (59), said they lost valuables. "This is painful and we can't live like this in our own country. “We need help because we are suffering," she said. Mathai Tloubatla (49) of Sizanani squatter camp said they want permanent stands and they are tired of living like slaves in Mzansi. Margaret Baloyi (67) of Phomolong said her property was damaged. "We sleep with one eye open because water can enter our house at any time." "Please help us, we need houses we are tired of living like this," she said. Some of the residents said they are not only scared of water but izinyoka as they are hidden under the water. Ward 10 councillor, Morwangwato Mantjane said the place is not good for people. "These residents should be relocated to a better and safer place. “Whenever there is rain people are affected by floods," he said. Tshwane Emergency Services Department's Deputy Chief, Charles Mabaso said: "Tshwane Emergency Services remains on high alert to respond to any emergencies that may result from the rain. "He added: "Any life-threatening emergencies should be reported on 107 toll-free number."