THE families of the Cato Manor Nine had a bittersweet day earlier in Umkhumbane Museum in Chesterville, west of Durban. This as they were handed over the remains of the nine fallen struggle heroes that were killed by death penalty by the apartheid regime in Kgosi Mampuru prison on 5 September 1961.  The fallen heros are Thembinkosi Mthembu, Fanozi Mgubungu, Msayineke Khuzwayo, Sello Miya, Payiyana Dladla, Mahemu Goqo, Maqandeni Lushozi, Thompson Chamane and Mhlawungeni Khuzwayo. Their killing emanated from a contingent of police that conducted a raid in Cato Manor squatter camp on 24 January 1960.  The raid aimed at enforcing apartheid laws like pass law and liquor legislation.  It was one of several others that targeted the squatter camp. About 32 residents were arrested on that day and that triggered a huge conflict between the police and residents resulting in residents being shot. The police then fled into two small rooms where they were attacked by the crowd. While nine managed to escape despite being injured, nine were stoned and stabbed to death by the crowd. About 300 residents were later taken for questioning, 29 of them were then accused of murder. One of them died in prison before the beginning of the trial, one was discharged while the third one had his trial separated because of sickness. Out of the 26 that left, eight were acquitted, the other eight were sent to prison while the remaining ten were sentenced to death. Out of the ten that were sentenced to death, one managed to appeal his death sentence successfully while the appeals of the now known Cato Manor Nine were dismissed. Fanozi Mgubungu’s grandson, Ben said they are thankful that they finally got to bury their loved ones in a dignified manner. “All along we had been asking ourselves if the matter will ever be solved. We thank the NPA, the current justice minister and his predecessor for making this day a reality,” said Ben. He said he remembers when they went to the prison where the Cato Manor Nine’s lives were taken. “It was a painful. The details that we ask when we ask about the unfolding of events before they were killed are too emotional,” said Ben. Another family member, Msayineke Khuzwayo’s grandson, Bonginkosi Khuzwayo said: “We are thankful to government for what he did for us. We didn’t know that we will ever get to see the remains of our loved ones.” Justice minister, Ronald Lamola said: “The Cato Manor Nine was killed by an inhumane regime. When I look at the eyes of the families of the deceased, I can see the pain in their eyes. But they should take comfort in the fact that the painful deaths of their loved ones were not in vein, they fought for the freedom that we are seeing today.”