We have seen the rise of the age of sangomas and inyangas, either on social media or the ones we might happen to know personally. These spiritually gifted individuals are breaking stereotypes when it comes to "ubungoma" and being a traditional healer. We see the rise in the traditional medicine market, from presentable shops to healers who help people through social media. We have also seen it with the Sangoma Festival that these new age sangomas are on a verge to rebuild, rebrand and relearn African ancestry. Speaking to Daily Sun last year Romeo said: “We want to package our own products, understand them, and write books that can be included into the school syllabus. This is the beginning of a cultural revolution.” Packaging Sangoma products is very important. We call it #ancestralwealth A post shared by  Sangoma Festival (@sangomafestival) on Aug 18, 2019 at 9:41am PDT “People need to unlearn everything they’ve been taught, especially at school because it doesn’t equip them about spirituality.“There are no tangible answers. One needs to be an empath to understand what the ancestors need and want,” said Gogo Moyo, whose real name is Refilwe Lerumo. #SangomaShop is coming. ?? A post shared by  Sangoma Festival (@sangomafestival) on Dec 1, 2019 at 12:09am PST  #Chamomile and #ChamomileFlower #Soap for all Skin Types. #AllNatural Available at @sangomashop ?? A post shared by  Sangoma Festival (@sangomafestival) on Dec 14, 2019 at 4:07am PST  @sangomashop #HealthWellnessLife pack. ???? A post shared by  Sangoma Festival (@sangomafestival) on Dec 20, 2019 at 9:28pm PST  #HimalayanPinkSalt for glorious food. Available at @sangomashop ?? A post shared by  Sangoma Festival (@sangomafestival) on Dec 21, 2019 at 12:27pm PST  The All-Around Best Natural Body Soaps For All Skin Types available at #SangomaShop ?? A post shared by  Sangoma Shop (@sangomashop) on Dec 13, 2019 at 10:20am PST  Few of nature's gifts match the value of the #moringa tree. This ancient plant grows where most plants cannot survive, and there revitalizes the soil. Just about every part of the plant contains unparalleled health benefits: the roots, pods, seeds, flowers, fruit, and bark are all edible. Eastern Asian countries have depended on this superfood for millennia to support heart, blood, liver, respiratory, skin, and digestive health. A post shared by  Sangoma Shop (@sangomashop) on Jan 14, 2020 at 4:35am PST 