Football players are known not to hold back when it comes to expressing themselves. Be it fashion, sports cars, hairstyles and body art - they always go hard. Tattoos have quickly moved from being taboo to being a "cool" way to express yourself through art. And footballers are embracing the trend, sporting some fine artwork on their body. SunSport looks at some of the most eye catching Tattoos sported by local players in the PSL. Keagan Buchanan   The Maritzburg United midfielder is probably the most inked player in the PSL. Buchanan hardly has any room left in his torso which is full of Tatts. The 28-year-old's tattoos, though, have meanings and he shared with SunSport. Having struggled with injuries, the most significant Tattoo to him is on his knee. He has Tattooed Dan Gross, the basketball player, jumping high to score This is the knee on which he suffered an ACL (Anterior Cruciate Ligament) three times. The Tatt symbolises triumph. “I had an interest in tattoos and ninety five percent of them have meanings,” said Buchanan. “On my leg, it is probably the most important one. It is Danny, the basketball player. He also had two, three knee surgeries. He was an MVP, the player of the season. He was touted as the next best thing. “He got injury and everyone just wrote him off. No one wanted him. So people thought he won’t come back, but he came back and obviously playing well, broke records. So that one means I can relate to him.” Khama Billiat  The Kaizer Chiefs star is one of the most heavily inked players locally. Billiat is daring enough to even have a crown Tattooed on his neck. His right arm and fingers are also heavily inked. Thembinkosi Lorch  Orlando Pirates strar Thembinkosi Lorch cannot be left out of the list. "Nyoso" as he is affectionately known, has two full sleeves of tatts including a cross on his biceps with the words "God is great" written below the crucifix. He also has a massive star engraved on his elbow. George Lebese    The former Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns star is a huge fan of ink. He has tattoos on his arms and his legs. Lebese has "1989" inked on his legs, which is the year he was born.   