 A 30-year-old man was sucked out of a tidal pool in Umdloti
on the KwaZulu-Natal North Coast, but despite a massive attempt at rescuing and
resuscitating him, he was declared dead. Quentin Power, National Sea Rescue Institute (NSRI) Ballito
station commander, said that about 18:15 on Thursday, they received a call for
assistance from eyewitnesses at Umdloti reporting a drowning in progress in the
tidal pool. An NSRI Ballito rescue swimmer and the Durban metro police
search-and-rescue unit responded directly to the scene while the NSRI Ballito
duty crew responded in a sea-rescue vehicle, towing a jet ski. Family and friends of three teenagers who drowned in Sea
Point turned up in their numbers at St George's Cathedral on Friday morning to
bid their loved ones farewell. The eThekwini municipal lifeguards, who had gone off duty at
18:00 as scheduled, were also activated, as well as the police
search-and-rescue unit and ambulance services. The man had got into difficulty in the tidal pool and a
member of the public at a restaurant across the road from the tidal pool went
into the water with a bodyboard to help. "...But the casualty had been sucked out of the tidal
pool in outgoing currents and by surging waves and the man had disappeared
beneath the waves forcing the good Samaritan to withdraw to the safety of the
beach," said Power. Poor visibility Due to large breaking waves against the rocks, Power and a
Durban metro police search-and-rescue diver entered the water from the southern
point, approximately 250m south of where the incident occurred. They began a free dive search pattern in the water hampered
by visibility of less than a metre under water. The local community helped by spotting from the beach and
waving directions from raised buildings. The man was found lifeless and was taken to the beach where
paramedics from Life Response 24/7 and Reaction Unit SA, the police's
search-and-rescue officers and eThekwini lifeguards performed cardiopulmonary
resuscitation (CPR) on the man. "After all attempts to resuscitate the man were
exhausted sadly the man was declared deceased," said Power. Power said police would investigate. According to the Stats SA Mortality and Cause of death
report, drownings made up 4.1% (1 411 cases) of deaths due to external causes
of accidental injury in 2016. Power commended everybody who helped so quickly to try to
save the man. SOURCE: NEWS24