FORMER Black Leopards coach, Luc Eymael, has arrived in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania where he is expected to sign a contract with local club Young Africans SC, better known as Yanga, on Thursday. "I am (now) taking a flight to Zanzibar to watch the tournament," Eymael told SunSport on Thursday afternoon en route to the venue where he is scheduled to watch the Tanzanian Premier League club play, before concluding his deal. Through a phone message screen-grab from a conversation with an unidentified man David, Eymael said: "Nothing is signed yet... we agreed on everything, but waiting to sign the contract. I will go to Zanzibar to watch their game at the tournament."  The Young Africans SC, who are also known as Team ya Wananchi, which means The Citizens' Team, are currently fifth on the TPL with 25 points from matches, which is 10 points lesser than the top side Simba FC who have 35. Yanga SC have been without a coach for over a month after having part ways with Mwinyi Zahera, following a string of poor results. Goal.com reported in November last year that the Congolese has been under intense pressure to turn the club's fortunes around but it has not been the case. Under his watch this season, the 27-time league champions were eliminated from the Caf Champions League, Caf Confederation Cup and have managed just seven points from their four league games.  "The final blow for the tactician was 3-0 loss away against Egypt outfit Pyramids in the Caf Confederation Cup play-offs," Goal.com reported. Eymael left Leopards abruptly just after Christmas last year without any further explanation, but indications are that he has had a fallen relationship with the club management, though he denied it on social media.  According to Eymael, he has been approached by AmaZulu to join them, but he said the deal could not materialise as the club delayed in offering him a contract. Surprisingly, AmaZulu coach Jozef Vukusic joined Usuthu three months ago in September last year, and Eymael is giving an impression that the club is ready to wield the axe on the Slovakian. Eymael, who joined Leopards from Egyptian side Tala'ea El Gaish, said AmaZulu bosses offered him a deal and advised him to wait for them until 12 January, but he said he could not wait. "I don't want to wait," he said. However, Eymael's South African representative Mike Makaab distanced himself from the AmaZulu allegations. "I know nothing about AmaZulu," said the Prosport International boss. "I only represent Luc locally and I don't know anything about AmaZulu, and I don't want to talk about it." 