THE New Year was hardly 10 minutes old when the first blood was spilt on Mzansi’s streets. Celebrations to say goodbye to 2019 and hello to 2020 ended in blood following mass shooting incidents at two different venues. Two women aged 30 and 40 died at Poppy’s restaurant in Melville, Joburg, when a gunman opened fire at patrons in a drive-by shooting which left two dead and six injured. A third victim died late yesterday afternoon. An eyewitness told eNCA three men fought with another man. “There was a fight and one of the guys said ‘I’ll be back!’.” The angry man came back and shot eight people. The witness said people didn’t know whether the sound came from fireworks or guns. A lady who works in the area said a guy wearing an orange T-shirt waited outside and signalled for a BMW to approach. “When the shots were fired, he just stood there as if nothing had happened. He ran away after the shooting,” she said. TV personality Ursula Chikane said in a series tweets: “My sister and I are fine and safe. Please keep those who were hit and their families in your prayers.” In another tweet, she said she was at Poppy’s when shots were fired. She counted five rapid gunshots. “But there could’ve been two before I realised that the bangs were gunfire and not fireworks,” she said. According to the police, a BMW SUV approached from 7th Street and multiple shots were fired from the vehicle at patrons sitting outside the restaurant. Police spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said two of the six wounded people were in a critical state. “Police have opened two cases of murder and six attempted murder cases,” she said. Gauteng police commissioner, Lieutenant-General Elias Mawela, condemned the incident.He urged investigators to ensure the suspects were brought to book. Acting Gauteng Premier Panyaza Lesufi said he was saddened by the barbaric act. Preliminary investigations revealed that the shooter fired several shots from the upper level of the southbound M2 double decker bridge, apparently targeting the VIP area.