EVEN with a healthy lead at the top of the Absa Premiership table, some have not been entirely convinced that Kaizer Chiefs have what it takes to go all the way and clinch the title. Amakhosi midfielder George Maluleka refers to those sceptics as “Doubting Thomases” and says the team is determined to silence them at the end of the season. Chiefs, who at some point were 14 points clear of their nearest chasers Mamelodi Sundowns, hit a bump on the road a few weeks ago when they lost 2-1 to SuperSport United. Their lead was then reduced and as a result, they were at the mercy of their doubters who wasted little time trolling Amakhosi through memes on social media. However, The Glamour Boys appear to have gotten their mojo back and look like they mean business again following back-to-back 3-0 wins over Highlands Park and Cape Town City. “A lot of people have tried to put us under a lot of pressure but we have taken it very well,” said Maluleka. “We always say that it is ‘Kaizer Chiefs versus the whole PSL’ with every game that we play. But I think that is good for us, we have used that as motivation. We have played very well and haven’t changed anything. We’re playing our own game.We don’t want to put too much pressure on ourselves. “We know exactly what we are capable of, we trust and believe that we can win every game if we stay concentrated and allow ourselves to get one step closer to our goal which is the league title.” As optimistic as he is, Maluleka is under no illusions about how difficult it will be to dethrone defending champions Sundowns and end the Tshwane outfit’s two-season dominance. Maluleka believes the matches against their direct rivals for the title such as Downs and Bidvest Wits, whom they will play twice, will be hugely important and could determine the destination of the title. “All the contenders still have to play each other in the second round and as soon as those games happen with teams starting to lose games and drop points, we will see the what the table looks like,” added Maluleka. Chiefs next travel to Thohoyandou for a clash with Black Leopards on Saturday (3.30pm), without Maluleka, who will be serving a suspension.