MAMELODI Sundowns defender Mosa Lebusa is not losing any sleep over Absa Premiership leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Champions Downs are lying second, seven points adrift of Amakhosi who head the standings with 35 points followed by the Brazilians on 28 after both clubs completed 14 league fixtures in 2019. But tough-as-teak Lebusa is not fazed by the seven point gap. He played a key role when Pitso Mosimane’s men won the league title last season in what was his first season with the Chloorkop-based outfit. Lebusa stressed that Chiefs can be overtaken and Downs can successfully defend their title: “Everything is possible in football. There’s still a long way to go. The league is a marathon, it doesn’t end now or in two months’ time. “If anyone can bounce back, it is Sundowns. We are looking forward to the challenge.” It is worth noting that when Sundowns won the league title in 2014, Chiefs were at one stage 11 points ahead. Chiefs resume their league programme against SuperSport United on Saturday at the Mbombela Stadium after the short festive season break. Sundowns will look to keep the pressure on at the top of the table when they visit AmaZulu on the same day at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium. It is set to be an interesting title race as both Bidvest Wits and SuperSport are lurking to pounce if either of the top two slip up in the second round. Meanwhile, the 27-year-old Lebusa, stressed that Downs are hungry for more trophies after they claimed the Telkom Knockout trophy last month. Lebusa joined Downs from relegated Ajax Cape Town in 2018. He admitted he had to adapt quickly playing for a big club and the fact he moved his family to Joburg helped him settle into the Brazilians’ punishing schedule this season. He said he didn’t have problems spending time away from his family over the Christmas period when Sundowns were in Algeria playing in the Caf Champions League. “I knew that my chance to play will come. I always make sure that whenever the coach fields me, I grab the opportunity with both hands,” Lebusa stated. His form under Mosimane has also helped Lebusa earn a recall to Bafana Bafana. He was part of coach Molefi Ntseki’s side in the two Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Ghana and Sudan in November to add to his two previous caps. His last Bafana call-up was four years ago against Honduras. Lebusa made his national team debut against Costa Rica on 9 October 2015 under Shakes Mashaba.