FACT that Ghana's Black Stars have appointed a new coach in Charles "CK" Akonnor does not give Bafana Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki sleepless nights, ahead of their 2022 Fifa World Cup qualifiers, starting later this year. Bafana were drawn in Group G against the Black Stars, Zimbabwe and Ethiopia in the second round of the World Cup qualification,which is expected to be tough for either side. Ghana seems to be a annoyance to Bafana as they are also circled together in Group C of their 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers, where they beat South Africa 2-0 away in November last year. But Ntseki said they will take them considering they have knowledge about most of their players."We know what to expect from Ghana, they know what to expect from us," reacted Ntseki after the World Cup qualifier draw that was held in Cairo, Egypt on Tuesday. "Draw against Ghana is good and bad. It is just another fixture because we could have drawn any other team. Ghana was in the top 10 (Africa rankings), so we had to draw or pick any team in the top 10. "They have just appointed a new coach in Charles. The team will be looking forward to impressing him, but the most important thing is that we will play three matches against Ghana. We're (still) left with one match in the Afcon qualifiers, and two in the World Cup qualifiers." He admitted that it will be an interesting tie as they are due to face the Ghanaians in the return leg of their qualifiers at home on 9 June.  "The last time (we played them) they took to the Cape Coast, which was very difficult for us when it comes to travelling and player recovery. This time we will go into this match (fully) knowing the conditions if ever they take us to any venue in Ghana... it will be interesting because of the quality Ghana have, and the qualities that we have. Very interesting fixture." Ntseki reiterated that they will need to bring along their A-game to qualify - beat opponents.About Zim Warriors and the WaliaIbex of Ethiopia, under the guidance of coach Abraham Mebratu, Ntseki did not seem worried either. "Most Zim players play in SA and the good thing is that we can profile their players, week in and out. They play in our league (PSL). With Ethiopia, we are fully aware of what happened in the past between the two nationals. But now we have a different technical team and personell. Our ambition with respect to Zim and Ethiopia is to qualify for the World Cup. It is not only about them... we will do our best against the teams. "He takes serious fact that they will be playing the World Cup qualification from October this year, a privilege that South Africans last enjoyed in 2010 when Mzansi hosted the spectacle, besides that, Bafana last qualified for the World Cup in 2002 in Korea and Japan. "We're in the top 40 (in Africa) and the expectation is for us make it through to the top 20 (for third round) and then top 10 and then top 5 to qualify for the World Cup," Ntseki explains. "Every draw is a tough because all the top teams play to qualify for the Word Cup. We are fully aware of Ghana and their qualities coming into the  SA qualifiers; we're fully aware of Zimbabwe, our fellow neighbours and Ethiopia. Ethiopia is noted for winning their preliminaries against Lesotho to be in the top 40. "All the teams that are in our group we will give them the same respect because they deserve to be at this stage of the qualifiers." He said they will need a good start for the 2022 World Cup qualifiers. 