The first
day of school was off to a dramatic start at Khutlo-Tharo Secondary School in
Sebokeng on Wednesday as a fire gutted the school's administration block. According
to Emfuleni Local Municipality fire and rescue spokesperson Stanley Gaba,
firefighters are on the scene battling the blaze. Gaba says a
call from a community member alerting emergency services to the fire was
received at around 03:00. "There
is a school, Khutlo-Tharo Secondary, that has caught fire in the admin block. I
am rushing to the scene to get details. We will issue a statement on further
information later," Gaba said. Simon
Nwamba, a journalist at the scene, told News24 that only the administration
block was affected. Nwamba says community members gathered at the scene,
witnessing the fire rage. While it's
unclear what sparked the blaze, concerned parents and community members have
questioned whether they may be dealing with a case of arson. Residents
who spoke News24 said a lack of water prevented them from trying to put out the
flames. Puleng
Mofokeng who lives near the school said she was woken by people screaming for
help.  "They
were shouting that the school was burning. I quickly called my other
neighbours. "We
rushed to the school and were greeted by smoke coming from one of the offices,
where the fire started." Mofokeng
said they broke a window in an attempt to gain entry and extinguish the fire,
but there was no water in the school. "All
taps were dry because we have been without water in our area since last week.
We called Emfuleni Emergency Services and they didn't answer our calls. "The
fire was spreading to other offices and we had to stand back helplessly until
we decided to call the police who responded swiftly," she said. Mofokeng
said fire fighters in three fire engines from Emfuleni responded two hours
later around 04:00 when the fire had grown bigger. Gauteng
Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi, along with Premier David Makhura, are expected to
hand over the newly-renovated Noordgesig Primary School in Diepkloof on
Wednesday morning. SOURCE:
NEWS24