 There were
no deaths due to chickenpox among refugees living at the Central Methodist
Mission Church in Cape Town, but the health risks due to cramped living
conditions are dire, one of the leaders said on Thursday. "It's
not true," said Papi Sukami, after it was reported that four people had
died of the disease. He added a
recent news report had confused the drowning of four refugee children in Sea
Point in December, and some cases of chickenpox at the church. Sukami said
there had been no fatalities as a result of the illness but warned the living
conditions were lending themselves to the outbreak of an epidemic of any
contagious disease. An
emergency situation "The
situation is really an emergency," he added, saying three Somali women
also had sores in their mouths because there was not a proper place for people
to wash their faces. He had asked
the health department to assist but when two officials arrived on Thursday, he
claimed they were turned away by a group aligned to another leader, JP Balous. Inside the
church, a group aligned to Balous told News24 only he could decide who got help
because he could tell who the refugees were, and who the chancers were. The Western
Cape government said its Community Based Health Services, the city's Personal
Primary Health and City Health Environmental unit visited the church on
Thursday morning after receiving calls for assistance. "Unfortunately
the officials could not access the church premises," said Marika Champion,
director of communications for the health department. She
recommended that those in need of assistance visit the District Six CDC or
Chapel street clinic or Spencer road clinic or call the Emergency Medical
Services for help. Balous was
arrested on Wednesday and faces eight counts of assault, five of which are
assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm, according to police
spokesperson Brigadier Novela Potelwa. Three other people were arrested earlier
in the week. On
Thursday, the luggage that had filled the entrance to the church was removed,
and access was not controlled as strictly anymore after both leaders expressed
concern over apparent militarisation at the church. Sukami said
a meeting was planned for Monday with the City of Cape Town. They have also
received a call from a lawyer for the Department of Home Affairs and have heard
from the SA Human Rights Commission again. The
refugees have been isolated from many aid organisations which tried to help
after a leadership committee criticised their intentions. They had
hoped to be relocated to a country other than their country of origin, saying
they faced danger in South Africa. It was made
clear by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHRC) that this was
impossible. The plan was then to walk to Namibia to seek refuge there, but this
has apparently been abandoned after being informed that Namibia will not take
them. "We
are trying to find out now how we can have temporary accommodation, that is the
most urgent," said Sukami. He added at
the beginning of their sit-in, they were offered temporary accommodation by the
UNHCR, but it was turned down by Balous. Sukami also
alleged Balous was part of a fundraiser that was not benefiting the refugees. "He
planned a business behind our suffering. That's why I told him on Sunday he is
suspended." Meanwhile,
the perimeter of the church stank of urine on Thursday, with people leaning
over filthy drains to brush their teeth and washing their naked children on the
pavement. Families
sat in the low tents in the sweltering heat. A pile of clothes, shoes, and
hairpieces lay near the main door of the church. Two women said clothes had
been thrown out of the church during the leadership stand-off and alleged that
some people also had personal possessions stolen during the confrontation. Greenmarket
Square's traders have set up their stalls again, and an unoccupied police Nyala
with riot shields lying inside was parked near the front of the church. Inside the
church, the cleaning that had marked the early days of the refugees' residency
had all but disappeared, with dirt and litter ground into the carpet. On one of
the pews, a group of children sat around a laptop watching a film, and somebody
had rigged up a speaker for them to have better sound. In a brief
message, the Reverend Alan Storey announced there would be no church service
this coming Sunday due to the situation. SOURCE:
NEWS24