UMHLOBO Wenene FM DJ Phiwe Nozewu is a cool, calm and collected guy. But last week, the reserved 44-year-old DJ, who hosts iBrakfesi Eyondlayo Ekuseni, lost his cool. In a hard-hitting social media post, “Pastor The DJ”, as he is affectionately known, came out guns blazing against his haters whom he described as having hidden agendas. The popular radio and club DJ said the problem started after some individuals in the Eastern Cape entertainment circles were “rubbed the wrong way”. This after he posted his festive season gig guide. The King Williamstown-born DJ wrote that he got accused of a number of things by certain individuals, and they include “bragging and spitting on thefaces of the less-fortunate DJs”. But Pastor was quick to hit back at his haters. He posted:  and pointed out that he had worked hard to build his brand to be where it is today.I’ve been a DJ since 1997 and joined the SABC in 1998. I built my brand alone when no one knew who I was at the time. I asked no one for favours. My hard work led me to the bigger platform, Umhlobo Wenene, after 11 years of working at the then CKI Radio. No one cared who I was when I arrived at Umhlobo Wenene. I built my brand on a national platform and started getting national bookings after 2 years with the station. The station did not pimp me out there, I did all that myself.  No one can stepforward and claim how I got to this point. I did it myself and without a manager,” Pastor wrote on his Facebook page. He added that he had worked hard and was “smart enough” to utilize the national platform afforded to him by a big radio station such as Umhlobo Weene. The angry DJ wrote that itpained him to learn that hissuccess didn’t sit well withcertain individuals. He said he did not understand why he was expected to develop “grown men” in the industry. Pastor wrote that he was proud to have uplifted manyaspiring DJs in the Eastern and Western Cape through hisFriday Mix feature during his show. Every Fridays up-and-coming deejays are given a platform to showcase their skills live on air for 30 minutes. He said he would never apologise for posting his annual festive gig guide. He said Eastern Cape artists, who complained about notgetting recognition or airplay, were barking up the wrong tree. I’m not a compiler. FYI, only Umhlobo plays my music andother stations have the song and they just don’t give a f#!k.Contrary to popular belief, I have my own battles to fight . Pastor this week told theSunTeam his outbursts were triggered by a faded well-known Eastern Cape DJ whose name he preferred not to disclose so as to not attract attention. He said he has been advised not to pay attention to what the deejay, who is known to the Sun Team, had say about him. He said: “It’s unfortunate that this is one of the people from whom I’ve learnt my craft. Hence I feel ashamed on his behalf to even mention him.Honestly for me, this is now water under the bridge. I said what I had to say on the matter and life goes on.” The majority of his fans and followers urged Pastor to ignore the naysayers and focus on what he does best.