MARITZBURG UNITED are keeping their cards close to their chest when it comes to former player, Siphesihle Ndlovu. Ndlovu, who was the team’s heartbeat in the past two seasons, left Maritzburg to join Orlando Pirates at the beginning of the season, along with Fortune Makaringe. But Makaringe has seen more game time than Ndlovu. A source told SunSport that Maritzburg chairperson Farook Kadodia was in talks with the coach, about getting Ndlovu back. Said the source: “It’s been discussed between the coach and the chairperson.” But during the club’s media day midweek, coach Eric Tinkler didn’t want to entertain talks of the club expressing interest in Ndlovu, only saying: “I’m here to answer about the AmaZulu FC game.” Kadodia was also unwilling to engage regarding the matter. “There’s nothing to talk about,” he said. “I don’t need to talk about it because there’s nothing to talk about. Whenever there’s something, I’ll tell you.” Ndlovu has already fuelled talks of returning to the club. He was in the stands in Maritzburg’s last 2019 league match against Kaizer Chiefs at the Harry Gwala Stadium. It was a day later after Pirates had won 3-1 against Black Leopards at Orlando Stadium in what was new coach Josef Zinnbauer’s first game in charge. The 23-year-old last played for Pirates on 8 December when the Soweto giants threw a 2-0 lead and drew 2-2 with Baroka FC at the Peter Mokaba Stadium. He came on for Tshegofatso Mabasa in the 66 minutes, in what was the last game for coach Rulani Mokwena in charge. Since then, Ndlovu has not been on the bench for Pirates under new coach Zinnbauer. Before joining Pirates, Ndlovu established himself at Maritzburg, making 84 appearances after he was promoted in 2016. He was the first player in the club’s history to win Player of the Month in January 2018. He was also the first player to claim Midfielder and Young Player of the season in the 2017/18 season, respectively.It was back on the season where Maritzburg reached their first ever cup -Nedbank Cup - and broke plenty of club’s records.