MEET Highlands Park’s reason for hope – Simone Conley. The reason why Highlands Park are regarded as one of the most fittest team in the PSL is because of the 31-year-old. Though not easy to break into the male dominated industry, but Conley does not mind mingling with the boys in Tembisa. Conley is Highlands’ fitness trainer, working alongside head coach Owe Da Gama and Allan Freese to ensure the players are sharp as an axe – ready for any challenge. “When I realise that a player is lazy, then I say ‘look, I am not losing out, you are losing out’,” said the soft-spoken trainer. “You are not doing it for me, but yourself. Your career will flourish if you give 100%, and not my career. ”How did she fight her way in the boys town? She says being armed with qualifications is crucial for women to get a job in most clubs in the Premier Soccer League (PSL).  She started her career with the Safa development schools and went on to the Nedbank Ke Yona Team search, worked with junior South African national teams and Bafana Bafana before getting her big break with Highlands in 2017-18 season. Said Conley: “It’s an amazing job. I am blessed to work at Highlands Park. It’s a very difficult thing to do for a woman to get into this industry and there has been many times I felt like giving up, but before I came here. “I think if there are young ladies out there who want to make this their career, they’ve got to get qualifications first, not just one, many. I’ve got three degrees. “After my honours degree, I studied my masters in football, specifically rehabilitation and conditioning. I am blessed to be carrying out my profession now in the field. You’ve got to sacrifice.” Conley, who was born in Ennerdale, South of Joburg revealed that she had to prove she can do the job. “To come into a male dominated industry you’ve got to have some sort of proof that you know what you are doing. "You also need to be confident and understand that the only way guys will respect you is if they see that you can do something. You can’t tell them to jump over so many hurdles if you can’t do it yourself.”  She emphasised that having character and a positive mindset is important to inspire players. Conley insist that she always gives players some privacy when they are in the change room. “Yes I go into the change room, obviously there are moments where I know guys needs to change or ice bath and that’s where I move out to the coaches room or corridor for about ten minutes. "I understand when to give the guys their privacy.” 