ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer says they will make life difficult for Mamelodi Sundowns to get maximum points at their Soweto fortress. The German-born mentor revealed they have nothing to lose compared to the defending Absa Premiership champions Brazilians, who are eager to close down a nine points gap between themselves and leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Downs are nine points behind Chiefs with 32 points from 16 matches with a game in hand compared to Amakhosi who have 41. On the other hand, Bucs occupy sixth spot on 24 points from 16 matches. Downs and Pirates are in for a blockbuster that is expected to attract a good crowd at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday night (7.30pm), considering the importance of this clash. “We won’t allow them to come here and get points and go home,” the 49-year-old German cautioned. “We will fight for points. We have a plan and a solution to win the game. Sundowns are one of the best teams in the league. They won the championship last year and are favourite for this game.” Zinnbauer said his charges only need 45 minutes to swing the game in their favour. “I think we will have a big chance to win the game,” he said. “We had good sessions preparing for the match in the last few days, and the spirit is good. “We made a very good 35 minutes in our last match (4-1 win over Polokwane City) and when we get a good 45 minutes we can beat them.” CONTINUED ON PAGE 23 The soft spoken mentor says he is aware that Pirates fans are hungry for silverware having gone for years trophyless. “I am also hungry for trophies,” said the boss. “I won a lot of titles in my career. I know that if you win you are a good coach and if you don’t you are a bad coach – that’s football. “I have a philosophy, I brought new input in the team, but we need time to improve the system and together we will achieve our goal step-by-step.” Pirates first choice keeper Wayne Sandilands insists that a win over Downs doesn’t mean they will be doing a big favour for Chiefs, who are also desperate to end their four year trophy drought. “We have our own goals and we know what we want to achieve,” said Sandilands. The soft spoken mentor said he is aware that Pirates fans are hungry for silverware having gone four years trophyless. “I am also hungry for the trophies,” he said.“I won a lot of titles in my career. I know that if you win you are a good coach and if you don’t, you are a bad coach – that’s football.“I have a philosophy, I brought new input in the team, but we need time to improve the system and together we will achieve our goal step-by-step.”Pirates first choice keeper Wayne Sandilands insists that a win over Downs doesn’t mean they will be doing a big favour for Chiefs, who are also desperate to end their four year trophy drought.“We have our own goals and we know what we want to achieve,” said Sandilands. 