THE January transfer window has not been a busy one in the Absa Premiership.With 10 days remaining before 31 January where the PSL window period will close, there’s no club has made huge signings. SuperSport United CEO Stan Matthews revealed that versatile midfielder Aubrey Modiba and striker Bradley Grobler will not be leaving the club. Modiba was targeted by Mamelodi Sundowns while Grobler was linked with a move to Orlando Pirates. Sundowns also missed out on getting the service of Zimbabwe captain Knowledge Musona who has landed a new club after spending the first half of the 2019/20 season in exile at Belgian giants Anderlecht. Musona was strongly linked with a return to South Africa with Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane expressing interest on his services. Without a doubt, Musona was going to be a big signing in this transfer, however the former Kaizer Chiefs striker opted to stay in Belgium as he joined KAS Eupen on loan for the remainder of the season. AMAZULU In: Siphelele Magubane (from Golden Arrows), Milos Lacny (from SKF Sered, Slovakia), Ally Msengi (from Tanzania.) Out: Ovidy Karuru BAROKA In: Nhlanhla Mgaga (from Tshakhuma Tsha madzivhandila), Ethen Sampson (from New Mexico United, USA), Thamsanqa Masiya (from Swallows FC), Ranga Chivaviro (from loan spell with TS Sporting) Out: Jemondre Dickens (loan to TS Sporting), Mduduzi Mdantsane. Bidvest Wits In: Bienvenu Eva Nga (from Costa Do Sol, Mozambique), Kgaogelo Rathete Sekgota (from Setubal, Portugal), Lorenzo Gordinho (released by Chiefs), Out: Granwald Scott. Cape Town City FC In: Mduduzi Mdantsane (from Baroka FC). Chippa United In: Thokozani Sekotlong (from Sundowns), Thabiso Lebitso (from Tshwane University of Technology) Kaizer Chiefs In: Anthony Akumu (from Kenya) Out: Lorenzo Gordinho, James Kotea and Kabelo Mahlasela. Polokwane City In: Kabelo Mahlasela (from Chiefs on loan), Nkululeko Tshangane (from Jomo Cosmos), Dennis Chembezi (From Be Forward Wanderers) Stellenbosch In: Ovidy Karuru (from AmaZulu), Granwald Scott (from Wits), Ally Msengi (from Kinondoni Municipal Council, Tanzania) SuperSport United In: Thatayaone Ditlhokwe (from Township Rollers, Botswana,) Moses Waiswa ( from Vipers, Uganda) 