A stampede broke out on Tuesday at
the funeral of a top Iranian general killed in a US drone strike, leaving more
than 30 people dead as huge crowds of mourners packed his hometown. The crush in the southeastern city
of Kerman came as Iran prepared to bury Revolutionary Guards commander Qasem
Soleimani, a hugely popular figure in the Islamic republic. "Unfortunately due to
extraordinary overcrowding more than 30 people have lost their lives and dozens
of others have been injured," state television reported. Soleimani, the head of the Guards'
Quds Force foreign operations arm, was assassinated on Friday in a US strike
near Baghdad international airport, an operation that shocked Iran. Stocks bounce back as traders
rethink Mideast risk Oil prices fell back and stocks
rose Tuesday as investors reassessed the risk of war in the Middle East. "The enemy killed him
unjustly," the Revolutionary Guards' top commander, Major General Hossein
Salami said, adding the process of "expelling the United States from the
region has begun". "Our will is firm. We also
tell our enemies that we will take revenge, and that if they (strike again) we
will set fire to what they love," he told the sea of black-clad mourners. "They themselves know well
what places I am talking about." Schoolgirls joined chants of
"Death to Trump" from the crowd, an AFP correspondent reported. Tuesday's funeral comes after days
of processions through the streets of Ahvaz in southwestern Ian, the capital
Tehran, the holy city of Qom and far northwestern city of Mashhad. The assassination of Soleimani set
off an escalating war of words between Iran and the United States. In Tehran, President Hassan
Rouhani on Monday warned Trump to "never threaten" Iran, after the US
leader issued a US strike list of 52 targets in the Islamic republic. On Tuesday, Iranian lawmakers
voted to designate all US forces around the world "terrorists" over
Soleimani's killing. Parliament also agreed to bolster
the coffers of the Quds Force, which Soleimani led, by $244 million. Soleimani is expected to be buried
at the martyrs' cemetery in Kerman between 14:00 and 16:00. SOURCE: NEWS24 