WE look back at some of last year’s memorable quotes from the sporting world. PITSO MOSIMANE: They’re currently on good form and are benefiting. They’re enjoying the ride at the moment‚ we just have to do what we have to do and pray that the contributors don’t help them to benefit. … Benni [McCarthy] was crying‚ I’m busy crying‚ AmaZulu was complaining‚ Steve Komphela was complaining and even Owen Da Gama is complaining. Who doesn’t complain? They’re having a jolly ride on top of the log. BENNI MCCARTHY :I don’t know if I must maybe go for liposuction to get myself to play again, maybe that would do the trick because maybe some of the players will be a bit embarrassed by a 40-year-old taking their place and doing unbelievably well. I back myself – I could do better than what a few of them are doing. Not that I’m talking down on my players, but this is just happening far too often. I don’t know what to say or do anymore.” RHULANI MOKWENA:There were certain moments I was sitting on the bench and I looked at the pitch, I thought I was Picasso looking at a Mona Lisa painting. I could just smile with admiration for these players. I’ve got a player bleeding now with a broken nose because he was punched in the face. It is real thuggish behaviour. It doesn’t belong on the pitch and it is very bad for football. Kaizer Chiefs is good enough to beat us on tactics, on personnel, well-coached team – excellent, but not on diving inside, Parker’s excellent dive, not on thuggish tackles and not on boxing. We don’t train boxing. JOSE MOURINHO:I was rude. But I was rude with an idiot. I clearly deserved the yellow card. I had bad words with the guy. DEONTAY WILDER:This is the only sport where you can kill a man and get paid for it at the same time is legal, so why not use my right to do so. STEVE KOMPHELA :Luc Eymael‚ these are mercenaries. You can see the profile of this guy. He comes to Polokwane City‚ he doesn’t complete a contract. Lack of courtesy and professionalism. He goes to Bloemfontein Celtic and all that. Now listen to what he says. I have never seen a human being think like this. Not unless this guy thinks very little of us as a society. OWEN DA GAMA:Somebody must go to jail for that! That is wrong! You can’t do such things! I’m sorry we had to lose in this fashion, we’ll take it on the jaw once more. CASTER SEMENYA: The IAAF used me in the past as a human guinea pig to experiment with how the medication they required me to take would affect my testosterone levels. I will not allow the IAAF to use me and my body again.