NO live music, festivals, curfew hours extended, beaches and
hot spot areas completely shut down and days of the sale of alcohol in bottle
stores reduced as well as operating hours of taverns and shebeens. These are among the tight restrictions announced by
President Cyril Ramaphosa when he addressed the nation on the government’s
efforts to deal with the spike of new cases of coronavirus as the country
grapples with the second wave of the pandemic. Further after tears or any gatherings after funerals are
banned. Also gatherings – including religious gatherings – may not be attended
by more than 100 people for indoor events and 250 for outdoor events. And at all times, and
particularly in smaller venues, the total number of people in a venue may not
exceed more than 50% of the capacity of the venue. Ramaphosa said the number of infections has more than
doubled since the last seven days when he addressed the nation and declared the
Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality. He added declared the Sarah Baartman District
and the Garden Route as hotspots and the regulations imposed in the NMB will
apply. Ramaphosa said it has become clear that the spike in
infections was caused by people not adhering to simple health protocols such as
wearing masks and social distancing. Also contributing as superspreaders were
parties, large gatherings, music concerts as well as traveling. He said after extensive consultations it was agreed that
nationally: *The hours of the curfew will be longer, starting at 11 pm
and ending at 4 am. *Non-essential
establishments, including restaurants and bars, will have to close at 10 pm so
that staff and patrons can get home before the enforcement of the curfew. *The hours of curfew
also apply to Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve. *The sale of alcohol
from retail outlets will only be permitted between 10 am and 6 pm from Monday
to Thursday. *Registered wineries
and wine farms may continue to offer tastings and wine sales to the public for
off-site consumption over weekends and *Alcohol consumption
in all public spaces, such as beaches and parks, is strictly forbidden. All these restrictions are effective immediately as of
Monday midnight. “We will not allow
large numbers of people congregating in any one place without proper controls
or protocols in place. These festive season restrictions will be reviewed in
early January based on the state of the pandemic across the country,” he said. He added that if the situation worsens, the Cabinet is on
standby to meet and review the situation which could lead to further
restrictions. In areas where beaches and parks are open, this will be
between 9 am and 6 pm. Beaches in the entire Eastern Cape will be closed. In
the Western Cape, only the Garden Route beaches will be closed to the public.
The Northern Cape beaches will remain open. In the case of KZN, Ramaphosa said beaches and public parks
will be closed on what are traditionally the busiest days of the season in the
province. These were the 16th, 25th, 26th, and 31st of December 2020 and the
1st, 2nd, and 3rd of January 2021. “We have undertaken extensive consultations on this issue so
that we can find an approach that reduces the risk of large-scale transmission
while limiting the negative impact on businesses in coastal areas. “This is the most trying situation, which requires constant
attention. I have directed that all members of the National Coronavirus Command
Council and key personnel should be on standby to ensure constant monitoring
and assessment of the situation countrywide. “Should the situation deteriorate, further action will be
taken to protect our people,” he said. He said this action was necessary because if nothing was
done the country would enter the new year in a very bad shape. “Hospitals along the coast from Margate to Knysna are
already close to full capacity. We have to recognise that the more we travel,
the greater the potential for the spread of the virus. “That means wearing a mask when you’re in public transport
and making sure that the windows are open at all times. It also means reducing
the number of people that you spend time with if travelling to visit family
& friends in other parts of the country,” he said. It was safe to socialise with your immediate family than
with large gatherings that could cause the virus to spread, he said. “More broadly, the
massive rise in infections is the result of people not observing basic – and
easy to follow – practices. These measures are particularly important as the
transmission is often caused by people who are infected but are not yet showing
symptoms, if they develop symptoms at all, and may not even know they have the
virus,” he said. Ramaphosa said the relatively low rates of infection over
the last few months had made people relax about wearing a mask and no longer
saw the point of avoiding crowded venues. “Unless we act responsibly now unless we adhere at all times
to the basic precautions that we all know, we will face a bleak new year.
Despite the restrictions on many of our regular activities, this season can be
both festive and safe. “This festive season,
I am asking you to keep your celebrations small and to avoid crowds,” he
pleaded