MASKANDI artist Khuzani Mpungose has come out guns blazing at his fellow music colleagues. Yesterday, he insulted and accused Senzo “Ntencane” Zondi and Mroza Fakude for failing to support him. At the heart of his grief is his song, Ijele. He wants the song to be nominated for Ukhozi’ FMs Top ten, so that the track will stand a better chance of winning Summer song of the year at the end of the year. In a heated post, he says these artists have failed to campaign for his song, instead they are choosing other songs over Ijele. “Maskandi artists, what have I done to you so that I can apologize? My song has done wonders and you all witnessed it but now you pretend as if you didn’t. My song had 700 views in one week. I was also invited to Sport@10, the Premier of KZN congratulated me on this song, Top DJ’s including Black Coffee, Tira, DJ Happy gal and others also commended my song, but you pretend as if you don’t see that. You are busy canvassing for the songs that are lack credentials and are not even popular,” he posted. ALSO READ: WATCH:BIG ZULU MEETS DUDUZANE ZUMA! “As for you Mroza, when you were nominated in the Top ten, I’m the one who was up and down canvassing for votes. I even took a video with you doing the Van Damme song but today…..” he complained. “Ntencane, I also made sacrifices for you. When you were nominated in the Top ten, I made video clips in support of your song. I organized the SABC 2 interview for you and you happily promoted your song in that interview. I did all of that to show that I am not jealous of you but today….” To the rest of maskandi artists, he said: “I am not happy that you are busy campaigning for other artists whereas I’ve been supporting all of you. The truth is that you don’t like those artists instead you are pushing your own agendas.” In another post he wrote: “I’ve decided to stop supporting artists and all of you are dogs …everybody loves my song and the world can see that but you decided to campaign for unknown songs. Some of you have a name and money all because of me but today you’ve turned against me.” Ntencane said: “I saw his Facebook post and I was also shocked. I never campaigned for anyone and he has never contacted me regarding his campaign. Khuzani has my contact numbers. The least he could have done was to discuss this with me before rushing to Facebook. I have written a text message asking about this and he has not responded.” Mroza said: “I don’t understand what kind of support he wants from me. First of all Khuzani hardly speak to me. The last time we spoke was in January this year. I try to make conversation with him but he hardly responds. Otherwise I’ve been writing and showing my support for him on Facebook throughout. I even posted video clips where I was singing his songs as well as Igcokama Elisha’s. Also, it not true that he campaigned for my song, Van Damme. We accidentally met at an Umzimkhulu event and we took photos. Therefore he cannot say he was campaigning for me.” Khuzani’s phone rang unanswered. He also did not respond to text messages.