SANELE knew he was going to spend the rest of his life with Sandisiwe. “I found out she was pregnant with another man’s child, but that didn’t stop me,” said Sanele. “She couldn’t believe I could love her, but she was wrong!” Sanele Ntsele (31) from Newcastle, KZN told Daily Sun that he’s never been happier and doesn’t see himself with any other woman. He said he met Sandisiwe Nkosi (33) in 2014 at Checkers at Newcastle Mall. “I had flu and I felt miserable. I passed the cashiers and saw Sandisiwe. “She smiled briefly and I suddenly felt love inside,” he said. “It was like a beautiful sunny day in my chest. Everything in me said I must get to know her. But I’m a shy man and I didn’t know where to begin. We eventually became friends and I started waiting for her after work so we could catch a taxi together.” He said he ended up letting her know how he felt and she felt the same, but two weeks into the relationship they found out she was pregnant. “She gave me the option of leaving, but I wanted to be with her. This was a bonus for me. I was getting a life partner and I was going to be a father again.” Sanele said he kept his family out of the picture as he thought they wouldn’t understand since he already had three kids of his own. “She was so beautiful with her big belly and her sparkly eyes and I just knew I’d love her and the baby with all my heart,” he said. Sandisiwe gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. “I remember meeting my child for the first time. I looked at her and she looked exactly like her mum and I said: “How could I not love the child who looks exactly like the person I love.” Sanele said they went through a lot. From the financial constraints of being parents wanting more for their daughter, but in all those years, he knew Sandisiwe was his forever. He said even though he couldn’t afford to marry her now, but she’d always be his partner. Sandisiwe said she couldn’t believe that he really loved her. “Then I realised that he really loves me. We’re best friends. We don’t allow others to interfere in our relationship,” she said.