A YEAR THAT will be remembered for shocks and setbacks has delivered one more tragedy. Legendary playwright and actor, Paul Rapetsoa has died after a short illness. “MAY YOUR WONDERFUL SOUL REST IN PEACE MOKWENA,” WROTE HIS SON, MATOME. Speaking to Daily Sun, Matome Rapetsoa said Paul was more than a father to him. “I built my mini theatre at our home as an excuse to see him every day. We had a special relationship. I am shattered,” said Matome. Paul, known for starring and producing Sepedi radio dramas for Thobela FM, and stage plays, died on Tuesday. Matome broke the news via Facebook. “It is with great sadness to announce the passing of our father, brother and colleague, Mr Mahuma Paul Rapetsoa,” he said. Matome said his father was hospitalised on Monday.  “He was a fighter and he died fighting. We will remember him in many ways,” he said. The family is still deciding on a date, but hope to bury him on Sunday. Some artists have also asked for a memorial drive-through so they could say their final goodbyes to Paul. Bra Paul was also on Skeem Saam as Malome Josias. His fans and fellow industry mates are heartbroken. Tributes came in from people on social media. Skeem Saam and Thobela FM both paid tribute to the actor on social media. Skeem Saam wrote: “We approach the end of 2020 with heavy hearts. Rest In Peace Bra Paul, you will forever be remembered and sorely missed. We keep his family in our prayers.” Isono actress, Rami Chuene was heartbroken. I HATE POKING PASTORS! “The legendary storyteller, writer, king of the airwaves, Ntate Paul Rapetsoa passed on with 2020 taking as much as it can before bowing out,” she wrote. Florence Masebe wrote: “Paul Rapetsoa moulded many of us. The loss is real.” Fellow Skeem Saam actor Eric Macheru said: “Gained an ancestor. Thanks for everything Bra Paul.” Skeem Saam actor Skhumbuzo Mbatha said one of the salient features about his presence was his infectious laughter. “He was this larger than life character whose Sunday radio show was something of a phenomenon,” said Mbatha. ANC MP Boy Mamabolo and Limpopo Arts and Culture MEC, Thandi Moraka went to Paul’s home to pay their condolences to the family. “In Bra Paul, we lost a legend, a community builder in the creative arts. We are saddened by his death,” she said. Moraka said they are going to assist the family and request a special provincial funeral. 