  BARS, clubs, and taverns pose a risk in the spreading of
Covid-19 as the country experiences its second wave of infections. But people in Tshwane seem to not care about the risks,
dangers, and adhering to Covid-19 regulations. Videos of a crowd of people having a street bash have been
circulating on Social Media. The people were apparently on a convoy to an annual party in
Mamelodi called Dinho all while party. In the videos the people are seen drinking, dancing, and
having the time of their lives on R-80 Mabopane Highway and a tunnel in
Daspoort. In one of the videos, the person taking the video is heard
saying that the people have blocked the highway with their cars while partying. “Ramaphosa is going to close you know, people have blocked
the highway and they are dancing. No! Ramaphosa close the country my friend.
What is going on?” he is heard saying. The second video is a crowd of people who seemed to be
partying in the tunnel. In the video, they can be heard singing saying, “We want to
party,” They blocked their cars, turned the music up, and danced to
Amapiano songs with bottles of booze on their hands. Many people had a lot to say about the video on Social
Media. MMKgomo wrote: “These types of activities (crowded without
masks) are going to make the fight against corona very difficult if not
impossible. If we are not careful we are going to have a tough Jan 2021,”   Kagiso wrote: “I am also suffocating. Let alone the corona. What about carbon monoxide that fills the whole tunnel? Do they understand that they could die from carbon monoxide especially if the ventilation is poor?” Justpholoso wrote: “The problem is that people are still trying to recover the lost time of drinking alcohol and boozing during the harsher times of lockdown forgetting that drinking and driving is still a concern eish,” Minister of Transport Fikile Mbalula said he's aware of videos showing the Dinho convoy along the R80 Mabopane Highway into the Daspoort tunnel speaking at Festive Season Road Safety Campaign on Tuesday. "This conduct is unacceptable, and our law enforcement authorities will show no mercy towards people who turn our roads into party spots."   