SUPERSPORT United will be aiming to add to Kaizer Chiefs' recent woes when they host the Soweto giants in a 2020-21 DStv Premiership match at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville on Tuesday evening (7:30pm). SuperSport picked up their third win of the season when they defeated Maritzburg United 2-1 away from home on November 27, with striker Bradley Grobler scoring a brace of goals. Matsatsantsa have a perfect home record so far in the current campaign, having beaten Black Leopards and Stellenbosch FC in their two games as hosts. "For us it has been a very long two-three weeks since we last played. But we have prepared very well, we have had a few players coming back from injury and I hope this break has done us good going into the game," said SuperSport head coach Kaitano Tembo. "I think in terms of ticking boxes, like I said, we wanted momentum after our Maritzburg United game but we couldn't do that. We are playing against a very good team, irrespective of their current form and we will give them the respect they deserve." Tembo added: "They [Chiefs] are a good team, as much as they are struggling we have only played six games. They are coached by a very good coach and have very good individual players. We can't take them for granted. Two important games coming up this week and we want to end the season on a high. "We have to be ready for the Chiefs that we saw in the second half against Black Leopards." Chiefs stretched their winless run in the league to four matches when they were held 2-2 at home by Black Leopards on December 9. The Soweto side fought back from two goals down to claim a point with Nkosingiphile Ngcobo and Khama Billiat on target for the Glamour Boys. The Amakhosi have claimed four points from three away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 1-0 loss at Swallows FC in late November. "Mistakes, big mistakes from big players so you don't expect that, but it's been happening since I've been here. But you gotta get through it and stick together and get through this,” said Chiefs head coach Gavin Hunt, whose team has only one once this season and currently occupy 12th spot on the standings. "We've got to keep just working on the training ground, keep trying to get right. That's all we can do and stop making individual errors. The games we have lost [and drawn] came because of individual errors that cost us, that's for sure." In head-to-head stats, SuperSport and Chiefs have met in 59 league matches since 1990. Matsatsantsa have claimed 21 wins compared to 20 for the Amakhosi, while 18 games have been drawn. The Tshwane side has won nine of their 29 home matches in the rivalry, suffering eight defeats in the process. Last season SuperSport took four points off Chiefs in the teams’ two league meetings, with a 1-1 draw at FNB Stadium in August 2019 and a 2-1 home win for the Tshwane side at Mbombela Stadium in January 2020, thanks to goals from Grobler and Thamsanqa Gabuza. -SuperSport.com