VENDA will be divided when Black Leopards host their rivals Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) in the DStv Premiership Venda derby at Thohoyandou Stadium on Wednesday (7.30pm). This will be the first time these two Vhembe district teams clash in the top flight. The last time Lidoda Duvha and Vhadau VhaDamani clashed was in the promotion/relegation playoffs, with Dylan Kerr’s Leopards winning both matches in September. But in those two play-off wins, Leopards assistant coach Morgan Shivambu was the man in charge. “This is going to be a huge battle for both teams,” said Kerr, who joined Leopards last month, succeeding the sacked Patrick Aussems. “This is not just a league game. It is about bragging rights and fighting for three points. We are like their big brothers and we can’t afford to lose this derby. “It is going to be a war. We have lost the first Limpopo derby to Baroka this season and we can’t lose to Tshakhuma. “It is true we beat them twice in the playoffs but things are different as they are now a top flight side. “They also have good players and we do need to take them seriously and be well prepared for this battle.” Added the Englishman who will be in charge of Leopards for the third time: “The other thing is that the boys want to redeem themselves after our 2-2 draw with Kaizer Chiefs in our last league game. We led by two goals against Chiefs and ended up getting a point which was disappointing.” This is also going to be the first time Tshakhuma coach Joel Masutha will face his former team after they fired him two seasons ago. “I moved on with my life and I am now TTM coach,” said Masutha. “To me, this is a game we have to win at all costs. It’s a good feeling to win bragging rights against your rivals. “I see a good game of football which fans will enjoy. I can’t wait for Wednesday as this is a dream come true for Venda people two see their home teams playing against each other in the top flight. “Everywhere you go people are talking about this clash.”