THE nominations for the MTV Africa Music Awards (MAMA) have been announced. This year at the much anticipated awards ceremony that’s making a comeback, Master KG and Kabza De Small are going head to head as they scored two nominations each, so far. According to the event organisers, the awards ceremony will have 52 nominations coming from 15 countries across Africa. They further revealed that they have added two new categories to the mix, which are the Best Ugandan Act and the Alone Together: Best Lockdown Performance. Competing for the Best Male category, Nigerians Burna Boy, Rema and Fireboy DML will face off against South African artists Kabza De Small and Master KG, as well as Tanzanian artist Harmonize, and Innoss’B from the Democratic Republic of Congo. ASLO READ | GEESIXFIVE WAS A GOD FEARING WOMAN! The highly contested Best Female category features fierce female competition and is led by Uganda’s Sheebah, Sho Madjozi and Busiswa from South Africa, Cape Verde’s Soraia Ramos and Simi, Yemi Alade and Tiwa Savage from Nigeria. With all the great music that was released this year, an epic battle of the bands is set to take place between Blaq Diamond; Kabza De Small and DJ Maphorisa of South Africa; Sauti Sol and Ethic from Kenya; Calema from São Tomé and Príncipe, and Tanzania’s Rostam in the Best Group category. The Artist of the Year also has some stiff competition. Competing in the category are Burna Boy, Davido, Tiwa Savage and Wizkid from Nigeria, São Tomé and Príncipe’s Calema, Diamond Platnumz from Tanzania and South Africa’s Master KG. Senior vice president and general manager at ViacomCBS Networks Africa (VCNA), Monde Twala, congratulated the nominees and said: “These nominees represent some of the very best talent the continent has to offer.” “The MAMA are a great showcase and opportunity for African music along with youth culture to shine on the global stage.” “Congratulations to all the nominees who continue to push the boundaries of creativity and authenticity, we are proud of your contribution to the continent’s music industry in taking Africa to the world. It’s a celebration not to be missed,” he said. This is the first round of nominations. The second round will be revealed on 5 January, 2021 on MTV Base.