It’s the battle of the GOAT’s at tonight’s UEFA Champion’s League (UCL) match between Barcelona and Juventus, where Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo will go head-to-head for the first time since Ronaldo moved to Juventus in 2018. Their last UCL matchup was during the 2010/11 UCL semi-finals where Barcelona eliminated Real Madrid. The two were meant to face off twice in the group stages this season, however Ronaldo missed matchday 1 where Juventus lost 2-0 at the Allianz, due to a positive COVID-19 test. Barcelona have gone undefeated so far and are ahead of Juventus by three points in the league standings. For round three of WWE x SuperSports Fantasy Football Feud, score predictions are in from WWE Superstars and AKA. After this round, there are four more games left to determine who is the smartest football fan in WWE> The Barcelona vs Juventus match will air live on SuperSport Variety 1 Channel 206 at 22:00 tonight. Both teams have already qualified for the knockout stage, so for fans this match is all about Messi vs Ronaldo. This is the most formidable and impossible question posed by football fans: who is the greatest? There have been debates over style of play, awards, number of goals and tactics between the two for years. Having won a combined 11 FIFA Ballon d'Or awards (six for Messi and five for Ronaldo) and 10 European Golden Shoe awards (six for Messi and four won by Ronaldo), both players are widely regarded not only as the two of the best of their generation, but also as two of the greatest of all time. Ronaldo has more Champions League goals and international trophies, but Messi has more Ballon d'or and league titles. WWE Champion Drew McIntyre feels that the two legends are great, but this win belongs to Barcelona. “Messi is always on form even when he’s not on form compared to everyone else in the world except Ronaldo. He’s going to be playing at another level considering the news of Maradona recently. I think he’s going to be trying to do something special for Maradona and knock in a few goals.”McIntyre predicts that Barca will win the game 3 - 0. Die-hard Liverpool fan Sheamus and Finn Bálor also predict a win for Barcelona, but while Swiss Superstar Cesaro and our own AKA acknowledge Messi’s greatness, they reckonCR7 will bring the goals and this win belongs to Juventus. Fantasy Football Feud Prediction@WWE @WWECesaro @WWESheamus @akaworldwide @SuperSportTV @FinnBalor @DMcIntyreWWE pic.twitter.com/NjHM0qA5YB If this match is anything like the May 2014 El Clasico, which ended with Barcelona winning 4 - 3 against Real Madrid, then tonight’s game promises to be a quite an interesting spectacle. Round 3 Prediction: Tuesday, December 8 - Barcelona vs Juventus (Champions League) You can follow all the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud action right here in the Daily Sun and online on our website and social channels. Don't miss all the Premier League, LaLiga and UEFA Champions League action on SuperSport this December. Watch today’s UEFA Champions League match between Barcelona and Juventus on SuperSport Variety 1 Channel 206 at 22:00 in South Africa and SuperSport Football Plus in the Rest of Africa, at 22:00 (CAT). Tuesday, December 8 - Barcelona vs Juventus (Champions League) Saturday, December 12 - Manchester United vs Manchester City (Premier League) Saturday, December 12 – Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid (La Liga) Wednesday, December 16 - Liverpool vs Tottenham (Premier League) Saturday, December 26 - Arsenal vs Chelsea (Premier League) Catch all the WWE action on ‘SuperSport WWE Channel 236 with Raw (Tuesday mornings in SA) and SmackDown (Saturday mornings in SA). How to Score Points: 1: guess the winning team. 2: correctly predict a draw. 3: get the score exactly right.    