JUST a few weeks ago, the Meyiwa family was overjoyed as they unveiled Senzo’s tombstone. But their joy was short-lived. And it’s all thanks to vandals who destroyed the late Bafana Bafana goalkeeper’s grave. The family has since been left with so many unanswered questions. News that Senzo’s tombstone was vandalised circulated on social media on Saturday, 26 December. His brother, Sfiso told Daily Sun he received the news on Saturday morning. “I received a call from a eThekwini Municipality official that my brother’s tombstone was vandalised. But he was not sure at the time. “The official called later to confirm that Senzo’s tombstone was destroyed. At the moment, we don’t know if this is an act of witchcraft, evil and jealous people or Senzo’s killers trying to intimidate us. Either way, we are shocked and left with so many unanswered questions,” said Sfiso. He said they have not opened a case.  “We are still confused about what to do next. We haven’t opened a case yet, but that is our intention. We have informed all the relevant people and are getting legal advice on what to do next,” said Sfiso. South African Football Association KZN chairman, Kwenza Ngwenya, said the vandalism of Senzo’s tombstone was barbaric and a shame to the country. He said they were trying to understand the motive. “Nobody knows who did it, how it happened or when it was vandalised. We all got the news on Saturday morning. We’ve been to the cemetery and saw the damage. Nothing was taken, but it’s completely destroyed. We also informed Safa president Danny Jordaan, KZN Sports and Culture MEC Hlengiwe Mavimbela and all the stakeholders,” said Ngwenya “What confuses us more is that there are security guards at Mayville Heroes Acre Cemetery, where Senzo is buried and we don’t understand how this happened. For now, we can’t say we will reinstate the tombstone or not, but we can assure the family we will not sit back and fold our arms. We advised them to open a case.”  Safa spokesman Dominic Chimhavi said: “We’ve been made aware of the news and are disturbed by this. The level of disrespect for both the former goalkeeper and Safa is shocking. We will have an investigation to establish what happened. “We also urge anyone who might have information to come forward.” Senzo’s tombstone was erected and unveiled last month. The unveiling was also attended by the Bafana squad, Jordaan and other football officials. At that time, Ngwenya told Daily Sun the cost of the tombstone was about R80 000.