THE Presidency has now confirmed that President Cyril
Ramaphosa will address the nation at 8 pm in what has come to be known as the
family meeting where he updates the country coronavirus regulations. Ramaphosa this evening addresses the nation on the
government’s response to the coronavirus second wave that has gripped the
country and continues to take lives. As has become a tradition the address followed a special
Cabinet sitting as well as the meeting of the National Coronavirus Command
Council as the numbers of new cases and deaths continued to sour in the last
few days. The address will be broadcast live on a range of platforms
that are accessible to South Africans and international audiences. Ramaphosa will talk to the nation as in recent days, the
number of new cases has been hovering around 8000 per day and many deaths
across the country. Health Minister Dr. Zweli Mkhize announced that the country
was officially on the second wave, saying four provinces namely, Western Cape,
Eastern Cape, Gauteng, and KZN were showing massive increases in new cases. It’s not clear whether Ramaphosa will upgrade the lockdown
to a hard lockdown amid concerns that another hard lockdown will further hurt
the economy which has already taken a hard beating during months of lockdown. There are however concerns that people are just not adhering
to protocols especially as the festive season is kicking in with videos
circulating on social media of people partying without wearing masks or
physical distancing. The business sector has also appealed to the president not
to impose a hard lockdown but Ramaphosa will likely introduce new stricter
regulations. Some reports suggest these restrictions are set to be
introduced at a localised level in the country’s coronavirus hotspot areas as
he did with the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality recently. It’s speculated that stricter regulations might include
curfew times, earlier closing times for restaurants, further limitations on
gatherings such as funerals, and a likely ban on beaches.