THERE’S no doubt, Covid-19 has left an indelible mark on all aspects of life. The sporting world has not been spared, with the deadly virus impacting various codes around the world. Football, arguably the most followed and loved sport in Mzansi, has undergone major changes as a result of the pandemic, just like every other sporting code. The Premier Soccer League (PSL) was brought to a halt in March when the pandemic first gripped the world. There were no signs as to when the beautiful game would resume, if at all. There was even more panic when Orlando Pirates midfielder Ben Motshwari became the first player in the PSL to test positive for Covid-19 back in May. At that point, human life took priority over everything else, as it should. Even the most football-crazy supporters were happy to find other ways to entertain themselves throughout the nationwide lockdown levels. But life had to continue at some point, and the beloved football would need to resume, be it under strict regulations. This meant there would be no supporters allowed at various stadia when the action finally resumed under strange circumstances at the time. And after fruitless squabbling between the South African Football Association (Safa) and the PSL, “project restart” was made a reality in August, much to the delight of many staunch football supporters. The bubble, which was housed in Gauteng, was a rousing success as football resumed without a glitch. Health and safety protocols were carried out to the tee. On the field, league leaders Kaizer Chiefs could not function as they did before the break. They squandered their lead and eventually lost out to defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns. Inside the bubble, matches were coming thick and fast with the PSL eager to complete the season as soon as possible. It was survival of the fittest and teams with bigger squads stood a greater chance to come out tops. A number of teams were forced to tap into their reserve sides to cope with the demands and this saw several youngsters, including Tiklas Thutlwa of Black Leopards and Rowan Human of Bidvest Wits emerge. Unfortunately, it was also in the bubble that Bidvest Wits’ near century-long existence came to an end as their top-flight status was sold to Thohoyandou-based Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). Highlands Park were also forced to sell their status to TS Galaxy of Mpumalanga after they found it tough to negotiate the pandemic.