Pastors from various churches gathered to pray against Covid-19 and gender-based violence as well as for cops to be safe in this festive season. They held a candle light event at the Philippi Sports Ground in Browns Farm in Cape Town on Thursday, 10 December. Reverend Mawande Lugongolo said they decided to do something as pastors. “We have lost a lot of people due to Covid-19, and also women and children who were raped and murdered. “With this candlelight event, we are asking God to be with the victims and forgive them for any bad things they did while in this world,” said Lugongolo. He told Daily Sun they couldn’t forget about the police who are always out there, protecting the country. “Covid-19 or not, they are still facing a tough job ahead especially during the festive season. “We are putting our faith in God. He must protect them every time they go out to do their jobs. They are doing the most difficult job in the world,” he said. He also said they wanted to honour Nomvuzo Atoli, a 22-year-old woman whose body was found at a dump site in Browns Farm in August. “The list is endless but her incident is the latest one here in Philippi’s Browns Farm. We are praying for men to start doing their job of protecting women at all times and for all the families who have lost their loved ones to find peace,” he said. Nomvuzo’s aunt, Nondumiso Mpama said the pain is still there but they are grateful for the support they’ve been getting. “Without the support we have been getting from the community, it was going to take a lot of time for us to heal. We still feel the pain but one day we are going to heal,” said Mpama. She said they know she’ll never come back but they hope the suspect pays for what he did. “H will appear again in court next year. As a family we are praying that he stays in jail so that he can’t abuse anyone again,” said Nondumiso. Colonel Brigadier Vuyisile Ncatha from Nyanga cop shop said they need all the prayers they can get. “We are heading to the festive season and we are grateful that these pastors thought about us. Our job is to protect them at all times,” said Ncatha. He urged parents to make sure their kids are at home at all times. “Young girls need to stop being in the street in the early hours of the morning and at night. Stay home and do not go out,” said Ncatha. He said they will continue to protect the communities.