  TRIBUTES
continue to trickle in for the renowned Daily Sun Photojournalist Lucky Nxumalo
following his passing after a long battle with stomach cancer. Not only
did he capture the photos of the events he covered through his career, but he
also captured the hearts of the people he crossed paths with. JMPD
spokesman Wayne Minnaar said, “I am shocked to hear of the passing of Lucky
Nxumalo. He was a very dedicated and committed photographer. If I needed him to
take a photo of a crime scene or accident, I would just call him and he would
respond "Nduna I'm coming " What a gentleman, he never complained, he
would just do his work.” “I'm am
surely going to miss him and I will keep his contact numbers in my phone just
as a remembrance of Lucky Nxumalo. Lucky Hamba Gahle my friend.” The African
National Congress’ statement said, “He belonged to a generation of fearless
activist photojournalists who used the might of their lenses to tell truth to
power. Nxumalo was among the early pioneers of photojournalism in South Africa,
and a mentor not only to his colleagues but to hundreds of upcoming
photographers across generations in recent times. Nxumalo without a camera was
a rare sight. His passing is indeed a loss to the media industry and the
country as a whole. We convey our heartfelt condolences to his family, friends,
and colleagues.” Gauteng
Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi, who visited the family described the Nxumalo as
the one who captured the events of the nation is no more. “The
nation’s photographer has left this world. The brave one is silenced forever
but you will live forever. Go well my Good Brother the People’s Photographer.” Former
Joburg Mayor and Action SA leader Herman Mashaba said, “My deepest condolences
to the family and close associates of Veteran Photographer, Mr. Lucky Nxumalo.
I happen to have had the privilege of being photographed by Lucky for way over
20 years. What a great gentleman. May his soul rest in eternal peace.” Colleagues,
family, and friends will remember the veteran at the Country Club in Auckland
Park on Wednesday under the following details. Date: Wednesday 23 December Venue: Country Club Johannesburg, next to
Media Park Address: 1 Napier Road, Auckland Park GPS: 26º10´59.00” South -28º00´46.26”
East Time: 11:00 – 13:00 Due to
Covid-19 rules, the venue can strictly accommodate 60 people. The funeral
service will be on Thursday 24 December under the following details. Time: 7-10am Venue: 194 Msimang Street, Orlando East,
Soweto. Cemetery: Westpark Cemetery. 