WAYNE Arendse and Anthony Laffor have part ways with Mamelodi Sundowns after over eight years with the club. The club even tallied the combined contribution of the two players since they've been with the club  340 games played and have won 22 trophies with the club. "A special thanks to the two Sundowns legends who have given their time and efforts to the club, have been part of Masandawana's success over the years," Sundowns said in a statement on Friday. "After eight incredible years, it's time to say farewell to this magnificent club," said Arendse on his social media platform. "I sincerely hope that I’ve made a contribution to the success we’ve achieved as the Masandawana family. I emphasise, farewell as saying goodbye to family is impossible. Wherever the football pathways lead me to in my next chapter, know that Sundowns will be with me forever and the memories, victories and triumphs I will cherish for the rest of my days. "I’m immensely proud of the trophies I’ve won, of representing this giant of a club both locally and abroad while battling with the greatest footballers on the planet. To this end, the President, Dr Patrice Motsepe, deserves my gratitude for recruiting me and giving me this platform to display my talent. For this I will always be grateful – Thank you." He said the the term "team-mates" does not do justice to the bond he's built over the last eight years in Chloorkop. "We’ve become brothers as we battled for the Sundowns badge and I will cherish this bond for many years to come – we will meet again. I would also like to thank the coaches, managers and backroom staff that I was privileged to work with, our success was your success," he added. "Last but not least I want to salute the yellow nation, the Masandawana faithful! You drove us to new levels and made us believe we could conquer all that lay before us. Your unwavering support and loyalty is the bedrock of the Sundowns dynasty that has been created and exists today. It's with a heavy heart that I accept my time is over in fighting for you on the pitch but I reserve my last word of thanks to all of you – you are special!"