Hundreds of homes were destroyed by a massive fire that happened in Masiphumelele, Cape Town. The fire happened yesterday, 18 December, at about 2.30pm. Resident Nwabisa Msithweni (40), whose home was destroyed, said she wasn’t home when the fire started. “I received a call from my neighbour telling me about the fire. I couldn’t believe it when I found my home destroyed. I couldn’t take anything out because it was too strong,” said Nwabisa. She was left only the clothes she was wearing. “The most painful thing about staying in a shack is losing everything you have worked hard for and no one will want to take the blame for what happens. We will not even know where it started,” she said. Mandla Makeleni (39) said they couldn’t do anything even though they were there when the fire started. “The fire was too strong. We tried to contain it but it was like adding paraffin because it was out of control,” he said. Residents lost their kids’ Christmas clothes and the food they recently got from their stokvels. “Most people are not working. They don’t have money to buy other things they lost here. Covid-19 is also a problem and we don’t know where we will get money or food,” said Nwabisa. The SunTeam visited the area and found some people trying to clean up but it wasn’t easy because of the wind. The City’s Fire and Rescue services spokesman Jermaine Carelse said they were alerted to a plume of thick black smoke in the area which was attended by the Kommetjie road crew. “Additional resources were called in. Eight firefighting appliances and 40 staff members attended the scene. “Police were called to control an unruly crowd who were interfering in the firefighters’ efforts to contain the blaze,” said Carelse. Another resident said their area has been experiencing the same problem over and over again. “It was around 2014 when we had a huge fire like this one, then last year it was not this huge but people were left homeless,” he said. He said all they need now are donations because they lost everything. “We don’t have food. People need to stop taking pictures, promising that they will help us but don’t. We are asking anyone who can assist so we can have a decent Christmas like other residents.”