AGRICULTURE Minister Thoko Didiza has announced that R1 billion has been allocated to support 75 000 small-scale farmers disrupted by the pandemic. Briefing the media yesterday, Didiza said the Presidential Employment Stimulus initiative aimed to create employment in agriculture. “There are producers who use land in the backyards of their homes, gardens and communal areas, mostly the size of a soccer field or less,” she said. The minister said these producers saved many from starvation. “These are producers who don’t earn any other income. “These small patches of land remain their source of employment and livelihood. “Currently, our agricultural policies don’t address their needs adequately. “It’s these producers who may be defined as unsuitable for banking by the financial institutions and yet their role is important in providing food security for many families in our country.” Didiza said most of the producers were women and the project would make sure 50% of beneficiaries were women. “The remaining 40% will be the youth and 6% will target people living with disabilities and unemployed military veterans.” The minister said her department would employ agriculture graduates and unemployed youth to work as verification officers. “This youth employment initiative will support the creation in excess of 6 000 temporary jobs,” she said. “Applications will be done through an automated process. We’ve looked at the most simple, affordable and accessible way and found out most South Africans own cellphones.” The minister said her department worked with Vodacom to create a platform for applications. “Applications will be done through a USSD code. The number is *134*4536# and is free of charge.” “Application forms will be available once the USSD code is entered.” Didiza said forms will be available in all 11 official languages and 150 000 applications will be taken. Amounts between R1 000 and R9 000 will be given as support. Applications open on 10 December and close on 22 December.