CHRISTMAS plans for Philippi residents have gone up in smoke after a shack fire on Monday morning. About 13 structures, including 11 shacks and two RDP houses, were destroyed at about 1am. The incident happened while people were asleep. Resident Zisuphe Mahlanyana only managed to save her two kids from the fire. “That was the only thing that was worth saving. Everything else was turned into ashes. All the food I had bought for Christmas, kids’ clothes and our ID documents are destroyed. It is tough to lose everything during this time of the year. We don’t have Christmas plans anymore,” said Zisuphe. Nosiphiwo Mbambo (45) planned to leave for Mdantsane on Wednesday, but the incident has ruined everything because it burnt her cash. “I must just accept that this was a bad year. I thought I would spend it together with my family and friends in the Eastern Cape, but then this happend,” she said. It was even worse for Vuyiswa Swartbooi, a security guard who was working the night shift when the incident happened. “My shack was just ashes, I only knew about it when I arrived earlier in the morning. So the fire ate everything that I had, my furniture and everything,” she said. Residents told Daily Sun the fire started while they were asleep. It started at an RDP house which they suspect had an electrical fault. The fire then quickly spread to the nearby shacks. “The noise of exploding asbestos from one of the RDP houses that were on fire woke residents who then ran out of their shack as the fire had already started spreading to shacks,” said Zisuphe. Jermaine Carelse, a spokesperson for City Fire and Rescue Service, confirmed the incident. “The City’s Fire & Rescue Service received a call at 01:27 this morning of informal structures alight in Mnixi Drive, Philippi. “Crews managed to contain and extinguish the fire at 03:25. Approximately, seven informal structures were destroyed and six damaged as a result of the fire. A total of 22 people were displaced and accounted for. No injuries were reported. The cause of the fire is not known yet.”