The Thabo Mofutsanayana district Mayor Malefu Vilakazi, has
blamed Civil servants for the municipalities’ failure. Vilakazi told Daily Sun that the culture of professionalism
within the public sector has disappeared. According to her, most of South
African Civil Servants have forgotten what means to be a servant of the people.
She said Majority of them are just pushing their tickets, only to be salary
grabbers who are protected by the labour laws. “Real service to our people has gone out of the window. Most
of them even forgot ‘Batho Pele Principle’. They block the processes of service
delivery. They tend delaying to submit essential documents to the Auditor
General to blacklist that particular municipality. You will be surprised when
you notice the names of other public servants appeared on the municipality’s
indigent list. We are tired to see our municipalities always in a catch 22
condition.” Vilakazi said. She added by saying that most of the municipalities
underperformed due to the selfishness of the so called academically qualified
officials. She made a call to the university students who are the
future public servants to be patriotic enough to transform the present
situation. “We now plead with our students’ conscience that the day
they qualify, and they happen to be the municipality employees, they should not
be technocrats, but Revocrats. they will always be guided by the revolutionary
morals and ethics. And they will also be guided by the interest of our people.”
She said However, Monyatso Mahlatsi, Cosatu Free State Provincial
Secretary said every public institution has leadership both political and
administrative. Their responsibilities are to guide the daily task of junior
officials who are on the frontline of service delivery. He said political leaders have to give political direction
in line with the manifesto of the ruling Party whilst the administrative have
to manage the operations. Mahlatsi urged that the task should be designed by the
senior managers under the guidance of political heads to meet the policy
objectives.