A BIG battle of monumental proportions can be expected this weekend in Tembisa, and the conflict area will be Makhulong Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Newbies Sekhukhune United and Jomo Cosmos will renew their rivalry in their Nedbank Cup qualification, following their four-goal thriller in the GladAfrica Champions last week. Ezenkosi had to come from behind to level matters 2-2 against Sekhukhune, who are hell-bent on gaining promotion to the PSL. But Babina Noko star striker, Prince Nxumalo, said they are an ambitious side and would like to see Cosmos send their players’ jerseys to the cleaners after they knock them out. Nxumalo is among a group of experienced players in the Sekhukhune camp, along with Tapuwa Kapini and Jabu Maluleka, who have given hope to the Limpopo outfit. The 30-year-old Nxumalo, formerly with Baroka FC, Bidvest Wits and Ajax Cape Town, said he aims to increase his goal scoring rate and has set himself a target of 20 plus. “Everything is possible here at Sekhukhune,” said the striker from Durban, who normally comes on as a substitute. “I’m enjoying my stay here. We’re still on the right track and if we work hard, then we can even fight to win promotion to the PSL. Why not? “Sekhukhune are capable of gaining promotion to the PSL considering the quality of players in camp – very good squad, good coach and leadership. “We have a lot of experience capable enough to lead the team to promotion at anytime.” But in order to achieve their goal, they will have to balance their scoring with their defence, and avoid silly mistakes like those committed by goalkeeper Kapini in their draw against Cosmos. They had to watch in pain when they lost 1-0 to Richards Bay this past weekend. “We will have to see if Cosmos can repeat what they did to us in Potchefstroom this time around,” Nxumalo added. “I want to score more than 20 goals this season, including against Cosmos. But no pressure on myself. I will fight to score in every match that we play. It is possible. But all this can only happen if I work hard. At Sekhukhune I feel more like I’m still playing in the PSL, though I’m in the NFD.”