Two of the world’s biggest on-pitch feuds play out this weekend as Manchester City, Manchester United, Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid face each other. The clash of the European titans promises to be hugely entertaining for football fans across Africa who can tune into the double-header on Supersport (Manchester City vs. Manchester United, SuperSport Premier League Channel 203, Saturday, December 12 at 19:30. Real Madrid vs. Atlético Madrid, SuperSport La Liga Channel 204, Saturday, December 12 at 22:00). For the four WWE Superstars and rapper AKA competing in the WWE x Supersport Fantasy Football Feud, this weekend’s two huge derby games will separate the title challengers from fantasy flops. The matches make up an exciting Round 4 of the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud, with WWE Superstar Cesaro and rapper AKA leading the pack with three points each. WWE Champion Drew McIntyre, WWE NXT Champion Finn Balor and Superstar Sheamus are currently tied at two points each. But with six points up for grabs across the two games from correctly predicting both scores, anyone could pull away at the top of the table with just two fixtures remaining later this month. WWE Superstar Cesaro feels that Manchester United is going through a difficult time and believes that City stand a better chance. “Whooo! Man City against Man Utd. Whoof! I think Manchester City and Manchester United are going through a big slump right now, City will win 2 – 0. City have class all over the squad, but some of their top stars are ageing or have already moved on. I know that Raheem Sterling or Kevin De Bruyne will show up for the boys and I believe they will pull something magical on Saturday.” The Swiss Superman has a soft spot for the blue team in Manchester, having been invited by the club for a personal tour of their stunning training facilities, meeting former captain Vincent Kompany, and enjoying a kickabout on the field at the Etihad Stadium. "I know that Raheem Sterling or Kevin De Bruyne will show up for the boys and I believe they will pull something magical on Saturday." Rapper AKA is a die-hard Manchester United fan and vehemently disagrees with the Superstar. He predicts a win for The Reds, believing that players like Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes give United a clear advantage going into the game. “Of course it’s the Manchester Derby! You know where I’m going, Man Utd 2, Man City 1. C’mon United!” Meanwhile, the El Derbi match in Madrid will see Zinedine Zidane’s Real team take on Europe’s most in-form team, Atlético Madrid who have made an unbeaten start to the La Liga season, winning eight and drawing two of their last 10 matches. WWE Champion Drew McIntyre is convinced by Atletico’s performance this season: “With Real Madrid and Barcelona having inconsistent starts, Atletico are looking like genuine title contenders as it stands. Real Madrid usually dominate this derby in the league and it’s been four years since they lost a La Liga game to Atletico but based on this season, I’m putting my money on Atlético. They’re definitely taking this one.” Round 4 Prediction: Manchester United vs Manchester City (Premier League) Round 4 Prediction: Real Madrid vs Atlético Madrid (La Liga) WWE Champion Drew McIntyre: Real Madrid 1 – Atlético Madrid 2 WWE NXT Champion Finn Bálor: Real Madrid 0 – Atlético Madrid 1 WWE Superstar Cesaro: Real Madrid 1 – Atlético Madrid 2 WWE Superstar Sheamus: Real Madrid 2 – Atlético Madrid 1 Rapper AKA: Real Madrid 1 – Atlético Madrid 1 You can follow all the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud action right here in the Daily Sun and online on our website and social channels. Catch all the WWE action on ‘SuperSport WWE Channel 236 with Raw (Tuesday mornings in SA) and SmackDown (Saturday mornings in SA).        