Mum and her four children have been evicted from a place
they call home. This comes after they were found living inside the
transformer substation found during the #KleenaJoburg operation. Deputy Director and spokesman, Stanley Itshegetseng told
Daily Sun that the family had occupied an 11Kv High Voltage transformer substation
chamber, making it a home with furniture that included a chest-freezer, beds,
wardrobe, and stove, among other things. "The youngest child is three
years old and it’s not clear how long they have been staying in the
chamber," said Itshegetseng. The City of Johannesburg MMC for Environment and
Infrastructure Services Department (EISD), Cllr Mpho Moerane said the problem
of homelessness is big in the City of Johannesburg because of available
economic opportunities. "While the situation we found today is a sad one,
it's a very dangerous one and there are even children involved," he
said.  Moerane is warning residents against the dangers posed by
the increase in the hijack and occupation of electricity transformer substation
chambers across the City of Johannesburg. "The biggest concern is the
illegality and vandalism that happened for them to be in there in the first
place," he said. Moerane said City Power has over 18 000 transformer chambers
across the City of Johannesburg. "These are being phased off because most
of them are old but also because of their attractiveness to vagrants, who make
them their homes," said Moerane. He said three people were found electrocuted after being
found staying in the chambers, with at least two of them coming from the
Hursthill area, which includes Westbury. Moerane is engaging with Social Development and other
authorities to assist the family with a place to stay and other social needs. The MMC emphasised that these kinds of operations will be
intensified across the business centres throughout the City. "Businesses can afford to pay for services, and they
need to come on board and assist the City in revenue collection," he said. "If they don't pay for services, we will come to them
and assist them in ensuring they pay," MMC added.