THE South African Deaf Football Association received a massive boast from Betway. They received training equipment and soccer boots in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni, on Thursday 10 December. This was in preparation for the 2021 Deaflympics in Brazil. The donation ceremony was graced by the gambling company’s ambassador Lucas Radebe as well as former Banyana Banyana player Simphiwe Dludlu and former Bafana Bafana player Teboho Mokoena. Former Bafana Bafana and Kaizer Chiefs defender Lucas Radebe said the donation will make a huge difference to players. He said: “Sport plays a key role in changing people’s lives. Just like today, these players have been encouraged to work hard to fulfil their dreams of playing against other players from other countries.  “I’m also thrilled to see the wonderful job which has been done by the association in the past 19 years to unearth talent.” The coach of the squad, Buti Mofokeng said the donation will give moral boost to the players. He said they have many talented players who deserve to play in the PSL. “I have invited a lot of professional coaches to watch these players play and they were excited and about the talent showed by our players. “Some coaches said they wished to take some of their players to their teams but the biggest challenge they don’t have sign language interpreters.  “How I wish one day players like Kgomothaso from Limpopo and the captain of the squad Andile Sigasa can be given a chance to play in the Premier Soccer League.” The gambling company’s marketing manager, David Rachidi said: “We are happy to be able to assist associations such as Sadfa who continue to do sterling work in our communities. “I was so moved when I saw some of the faces of the players lighting up after they received the soccer boots. “We are excited to have made a difference in their lives.”  Former Bafana Bafana and Jomo Cosmos midfielder, Mokoena said: “This is an opportunity of a lifetime for these players to represent the country. “This will serve as a motivation to other players that nothing is impossible in life. I’m so happy for them.” Team captain Andile (20) from Katlehong told Daily Sun through a sign language interpreter, Khanyisa Buso, that he was looking forward to playing in Brazil