THERE was glitz, glamour and electrifying performances at KZN Entertainment Awards that ended with a drama that shocked everyone. Three categories ­- Best Maskandi, Best TV female presenter and Best TV male presenter – were not announced. Programme directors Somizi Mhlongo and Pearl Thusi said goodbye and told the audience that the awards were over. When people were going out of the ICC Arena in Durban, chairman of the awards Xolani Majozi took the microphone asking them to come back. He apologised to the three category winners and informally announced them without playing nominees video on screen as they did to others. As many people were going out of the venue, the winners of these awards - Pearl Thusi, Robert Marawa and Khuzani Mpungose - were still on the venue asking themselves what happened on their categories. Majozi said they are apologised to the winners of the unannounced awards. “We were interrupted by Covid-19 protocol because we were rushing to finish the event early. So we made a mistake and we are apologise to the winners” he said.  Robert won Best TV male presenter and told Daily Sun that he thought that the category was cancelled. “My name was announced when I was on my way to the bedroom but fortunately I was still at the venue. I’m happy that I won it on my home province” she said  Pearl won best Female TV presenter and she said she thought they are just making her happy with an award. “The award is written my name and I believe that it real belongs me” she said. Best maskandi was scooped by Khuzani. Meanwhile, there was a glitz and glamour on the black carpet where KZN born entertainment people were celebrating their black excellence. KZN top entertainments such as DJ Tira, Uzalo actor Thandeka Dawn King, Nomcebo Zikode, Zanda Zakuza, Qwabe Twins, DJ HappyGal, comedian Siyanda Maphumulo, Ukhozi FM DJ Phindile Phewa, Dumi Mkokstad, Jacinta Ngobese, Duma Ntando and Ukhozi FM DJ Mroza Buthelezi shone on the black carpet. Artists such as Zandi Khumalo, Lvovo, Zakes Bantwini, Dumi Mkokstad, DJ Bongz, Mnqobi Yazo, Big Nuz, Babes Wodumo, Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Nomcebo Zikode, Khuzani Mpungose and Nasty C performed during the ceremony.