JUST hours before the tell-all-interview by his estranged wife Norma Mngoma on eNCA, former finance minister Malusi Gigaba blasted her. Malusi took to social media and said he would like not to be associated with the interview and he won’t be answering any questions regarding it. “To whom it may concern, please note that I shall not be commenting on any aspect of the Moja Love TV audition which will be airing on eNCA at 18h00, tonight.” “My energy is exclusively reserved for my fight with the askaris who are the de facto puppet masters,” he said. The politicians estranged wife on Thursday, 17 December, spilled the beans about his relationship with the Guptas, his porn addiction, marriage as well as his leaked viral video. Norma, who’s ditched the surname Gigaba, did not hold back one bit as she revealed that Malusi has always been a porn addict and has a wandering eye. “It’s just that he has a problem of porn addiction. He is always watching porn,” she told eNCA in an exclusive interview. Norma who was married to Malusi for six years shared some of the contributing factors that ended her fairytale with the politician. ALSO READ |IDOLS SA MR MUSIC SPEAKS ABOUT FUTURE PLANS She said Malusi did not want to take responsibility for many of his actions. “It was a lot of things, such as him not wanting to take responsibility for his actions and not wanting to be held accountable. Every time he does something wrong then he would tell me that it was a political campaign,” she said. Furthermore, she said Malusi would also take decisions without consulting her. “What I did not like is that every time when he did something, when he writes a statement, he includes me without consulting with me,” she said. “I used to tell him that he is being disrespectful and he needs to be decent enough to come to me and tell me what happened,” she said. Norma also said the viral video in which Malusi was showing off his 4-5, saying “Imagine this in your mouth baby” was not intended for her. “I don’t want to lie, that video was not for me. I have never imagined something like that in my mouth,” she said.