PASTOR and musician Benjamin Dube sent social media into a frenzy yesterday, 18 December. This came after the award-winning gospel singer shared a photo of himself and two other people, which he captioned: "Threesome" After sharing the photo, it didn't take long for people to start reacting to it. Some went as far as questioning if he's kinky. "Haibo Pastor, you're also kinky," Julius Thamana questioned the pastor. ALSO READ | SAMU AND NOMUZI IN A CATFIGHT While Zach Mdeni joked and said: "Perhaps by threesome he means Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego not the one you have in mind." Rooikoos Wilemse also commented and said: "I don't think this is what they meant when they said when two or three are gathered red I am in their midst." Benjamin Dube has this morning come out to say people misinterpreted his caption. "I was confused about why people were going crazy yesterday about my caption," he said. "Somebody contacted me this morning and explained to me what others understood about threesome." "To think that I don’t live in that space of thought made me cringe." He further said the outrage reminded him of a Bible verse. "I was then reminded of a scripture that says: ‘To the evil all things are evil. And to the righteous, all things are righteous." Even after clearing the air, people were still adamant on what they thought he meant by threesome. "But 'threesome' is something else, you should have opted for another words, my two cent," Danny Dungi commented. When approached for a comment, Benjamin Dube's publicist told the SunTeam that the gospel star won't be making any further comments other than the tweets he sent clarifying the matter. Threesome...@just_hlo @mandla_mshengu pic.twitter.com/p1DN9Cv7hI  I was confused about why people were going crazy yesterday about my caption.Somebody DM’d me this morning and explained to me what others understood about “threesome”. To think that I don’t live in that space of thought,made me cringe.I was then reminded of a scripture that says; 