ANELE Ngcongca's family has slammed Sport Minister Nathi Mthethwa for having failed them by not mourning with them the death of the former Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana. The burial of the 33-year-old Ngcongca, which was due to be held on Thursday in Gugulethu, has been postponed to next Thursday (10 December) at the Gugulethu Stadium after his mother fell sick. According to Anele's sister Siyasanga, Anele's mother has fallen sick and requested that the funeral be delayed to a later date as her son cannot be laid to rest in her absence. "We have to sadly postpone Anele' funeral as uMama is not well. She expressed that the funeral cannot continue without her. We made the decision that her health is important as a family and postponed the funeral," Siyasanga wrote on social media. But Anele's sister vented on Twitter saying Mthethwa has disappointed them, as well as other politicians who have not even visited the family. She directed this message to Mthethwa: "Nathi Mthethwa, so disheartening that you have made no contact with Anele Ngcongca's family while he is celebrated overseas and other European countries. He was a sport giant. He played in the World Cup, the entire South Africa is mourning him." SIGN UP FOR THE WEBINAR ON HOW MEN NEED TO SHOW UP TO FIGHT GBV According to her, only Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula, formerly with sport, has come to visit the family and passed on condolence messages to the mother. She continued: "Not a single minister (besides Mbalula) has come forward to share messages of condolences. Only Mbalula came to see Anele's mother who is now ill. We thank you Mr Fix, ungumtu wabantu." She said it is sad that Anele is celebrated the world over... but Mthethwa has not made any contact with the family. "MEC of Cape Town has said nothing. The people of Gugulenthu are disappointed. We as a family are disappointed," Siyasanga wrote. Speaking to SunSport, Siyasanga, stuck by her tweets and is yet to hear from the minister. READ: HUSBAND: WHY I DIDN'T BURY MSHOZA “No message,” she said in short. Efforts to get comment from Mthethwa were unsuccessful as none of his spokespersons were reachable.  We have to sadly postpone Anele Ngcongca Funeral as uMama is not well. She expressed that the funeral cannot continue without her. We made the decision that her health is important as a family and postponed the funeral. Details are on the poster below.@robertmarawa @Masandawana pic.twitter.com/08gX55Ud9l  @NathiMthethwaSA , so disheartening that you have made no contact with Anele Ngcongca family , while he is celebrated overseas and other European countries. He was a sport giant. He played for the World Cup! The entire South Africa is mourning Anele. — Siyasanga Ngcongca (@SiyasangaNgcon3) December 2, 2020 Not a single Minster has come forward to share message of condolences. Only @MbalulaFikile came to see Anele mother who is now ill. We thank you Mr Fix, ungumntu wabantu    