  A certain group from Harrismith have started the movement that wanted to be part of KwaZulu Natal about a decade ago but they vanished. However, the idea has now gained momentum since the new group named Mayibuye Intabazwe Creator Harrismith has emerged, but they want Harrismith to be granted rights to stand as the municipality. The disgruntled members of the community said poor service delivery is a reason why they want to be out of Maluti-a-Phofung (MAP). They said this MAP failed them for many years. Ndundu Masiteng  a leader of Mayibuye Intabazwe Creator Harrismeth said the area used to be counted among the best in the province many years ago, but it has now turn to be laughing stock. Masiteng said they want to secede because of poor service delivery that includes, unreliable water supply, electricity, skills development for youth, negligent of municipal buildings and burden of debts among others. He confidently elaborated that Harrismith can sustain itself as a municipality, as already it is an economic hub of the Eastern Free State because of the logistic hub passing by the N3, and the Special Economic Zone (SEZ). "We want the demarcation board to remove this town of ours, out of MAP and we become our own municipality." Masiteng explain He said they believe that they have enough population to be granted a municipality. "We have enough members, i think at moment we are looking at about 300 000. However, independent Electoral commission (IEC) can assist us with the numbers,” he said He also said according Municipal demarcation Act No 27 of 1998 processes that was used to incorporate Harrismith to map was not in best interest of the people in the year 2000. Thabo Manyoni, the chairperson of the Free State demarcation board explained that proposal can be approved only if those unhappy community members of Harrismith meet the requirements outlined in the act. "As long as there are long sustainable businesses, proper infrastructure and enough population among few requirements that can be achieved. It should be taken into consideration that all stake holders must be consulted, and proper processes should be followed. The demarcation rules and regulations focus more on reliability of business,” Manyoni explained. Thembeni Ngcangisa, Free State MEC for cooperative governance and Traditional affairs (Cogta) said the only time that the government can review that proposal, it is after the upcoming local government elections in 2012. "We fully understand their frustrations of poor service delivery that includes old infrastructure and unreliable water Supply to mention few. As the government, we are on top of everything that concerns people of Harrismeth and MAP at large." He saidHe further said government cannot reach such decision over night, as they all know that process can cost government millions of rands. 