Quinton de Kock will lead the Proteas’ Test squad for the 2020/2021 season. The decision comes as Cricket South Africa (CSA) also names the squad that will take on Sri Lanka in the two-match, Betway Test Series to be played over the traditional Boxing Day and the New Year’s windows. The fixtures will form part of the ICC World Test Championship (WTC). De Kock’s appointment for this season is motivated by the light Test cricket load on this season, with the Proteas only playing three series against Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Australia respectively. The National Selection Panel led by Convenor of Selectors, Victor Mpitsang, is confident of De Kock’s leadership capabilities and the leadership he has shown so far and will spend the next few months finalizing the appointment of the player who will take on the permanent role. “We are satisfied, as the National Selection Panel, with the decision that we have made to ensure continuity within the team, while we work towards making the best decision for its future without the pressure of time constraints, ” said Convenor or Selectors Victor Mpitsang. "Quinton (de Kock) is happy to continue in the role for the next season and is comfortable with the balance of the workload and we back him fully as a captain. “We are also pleased with the leadership group in the team and are cultivating a strong individual leadership culture at the same time, so that the team produces a sustainable stream of potential captains for the future.” In other exciting team news, Sarel Erwee, Glenton Stuurman and Kyle Verreynne have received maiden Proteas Test call-ups for the tour, while the latter’s former South Africa under-19s captain, Wiaan Mulder, makes a return to the national team after a period of prolonged injury kept him out of action. Thirty-one-year-old Erwee has enjoyed a long period of consistently good performances which have culminated into his call-up for this tour, not least of which was his 199 in the Hollywoodbets Dolphins’ CSA 4-Day Domestic Series season-opener against the Imperial Lions last month. He averages 60,28 with 469 runs in eight innings so far in the competition. Stuurman will make an exciting addition to the Proteas’ bowling attack. The 28-year-old, right-arm medium-pacer from Oudtshoorn boasts an impressive 4-Day Series record of 181 wickets from 46 matches at a bowling average of 21.28 for the Warriors. His best bowling figures of 7/12 are capped off by a high score of 81 from his overall 671 runs, making him a player to look out for in this format. The last season has been an impressive one for 23-year-old Verreynne in the 4-Day Domestic Series. He amassed 551 runs in 11 innings, at an average of 55,10, including two centuries and three half-centuries for the Six Gun Grill Cape Cobras. Before joining the national team for the limited overs tour against England, he had deposited 247 runs in two matches, at an average of 61,75 to his competition account. Proteas Test squad against Sri Lanka: Quinton de Kock (Titans), Temba Bavuma (Lions), Aiden Markram (Titans), Faf du Plessis (Titans), Beuran Hendricks (Lions), Dean Elgar (Titans), Keshav Maharaj (Dolphins), Lungi Ngidi (Titans), Rassie van der Dussen (Lions), Sarel Erwee (Dolphins), Anrich Nortje (Warriors), Glenton Stuurman (Warriors), Wiaan Mulder (Lions), Keegan Petersen (Dolphins), Kyle Verreynne (Cape Cobras).-- 