REIGNING International Boxing Organisation (IBO) cruiserweight champion Kevin “Two Guns” Lerena has set his sight on another ring accolade. The highly-regarded fighter has thus far collected the SA, WBC Youth, WBF Africa, WBA Pan African and IBO cruiserweight titles to his trophy cabinet. He is now gunning for the WBC silverware at the newly-introduced bridgeweight division. He will fight Bilal Laggoune for a vacant crown in March next year at Emperors Palace. The newly-formed bridgeweight is between heavyweight and cruiserweight classes and carries 224 pounds. The winner of the bout will be named as a top contender to the still-vacant title. But Golden Gloves publicist Brian Mitchell said they are not abandoning the the IBO belt as they wait upon the Florida sanctioning body. “We’re still waiting for the IBO to give us the go-ahead for Lerena to also fight for the IBO bridgeweight belt as well. The IBO has been good to Golden Gloves and SA boxing,” said Mitchell. Despite an extremely difficult 2020, Lerena has managed to see action twice, scoring stoppages against former WBA champion, Firat Arslan, and most recently, Patrick Ferguson, to run his record to 26-1 with 13 knockouts. The Ferguson fight was held at a catchweight above the cruiserweight limit, so the heavier weight won’t come as a shock for the South African, who is ranked third in the division by the WBC. The 28-year-old Laggoune is an experienced campaigner, with a solid 25-2-2 record, 14 of which are knockouts. He is also a former Belgian, European Union and IBF intercontinental cruiserweight champion and is ranked number 12 in the division by the WBC. His only two losses came by split and majority decisions, the last one in the UK. He moves well around the ring and likes to box behind a quick jab, using it to set up a varied offense. The pair have a common opponent in Dmytro Kucher, whom Laggoune fought to a draw in 2015. Lerena outpointed Kucher in 2018 in defence of his IBO world title, a belt he has defended six times. This will be the first bout since the WBC has introduced the Bridgerweight division and for the winner history in the annals of the WBC is assured, contesting the first world title at Bridgerweight. Lerena wants to be the third boxer from Mzansi to lift the famous green belt.