IN the brief period 65-year-old Olpha Selepe was a star, she taught millions to live life to the full. Her life may have been claimed by Covid-19, but her legacy will live on in the hearts of many! Tributes continued to pour in for the retired teacher, who was studying for a PhD in higher education at the University of KZN. Her amapiano song was an instant hit and left a lesson in people’s hearts. On 23 November Daily Sun told the story of GeeSixFive – as she was known – introducing herself to Mzansi through her hit song, Obani Lababantu. Olpha from Newcastle, northern KZN, said at the time people should stop blaming others for their misfortunes. “Stop pointing fingers. You might be the problem,” she said. ALSO READ: BREAKING: GOGO OF AMAPIANO DIES! Gift Khosa, with whom GeeSixFive went to church, described her as a God-fearing, down-to-earth woman. “You’d never find gogo involved in drama. She was an inspiration even before she ventured into music,” said Gift. Her niece Sbu Mpungose announced on Twitter this morning that gogo had died. “My beloved aunt MumNcane, who many of you know as GeeSixFive, is no more. She displayed leadership throughout her life. “She was the height of fearlessness and inspired many with her single, Obani Lababantu. Mthiya, Shandu kaNdaba, Sontshikazi.” Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula said: “Your aunt was a gift to all of South Africa. She came at a time when most of us were despondent because of how unfair this year has been to everyone.” Media personality Lasizwe said: “No ways! Our hitmaker is no longer alive! Thank you for reminding us that no matter how old you are, your dreams are definitely valid. Rest easy gogo.” Motivational speaker Vusi Thembekwayo, Cassper Nyovest, Bishop Makamu and actress Terry Phetho sent their condolences to the family. Messages from fans poured in. Neli Mbatha said on Twitter: “You managed to teach us valuable lessons through your smash hit before your untimely departure.” Her firstborn Nontobeko Nkosi said she never bothered about what people say about her. Gogo leaves behind three kids, grandkids, her sister, nieces and nephews.