  Family and friends of the late ANC struggle stalwart Molefe
Makinta honored him through a foundation which they launched on Saturday in his
hometown Temba in Hammanskraal north of Tshwane. The launch of the Molefe Makinta kicked off with a heart-warming
wreath laying in his grave by his three sons, Bernard Molewa, Daniel Nkuna and
Andries Makinta. Makinta who died in 2004 was described as a humble, soft spoken
man, straight to the point and someone who knew what to do and to fight for. The speakers at the launch said he fought for women and made
sure he was part of the liberators. His son Andries said the aim of the foundation is to uplift
the spirit of his father and reminding people of his role as political
activist. He said through the foundation they are aiming to do
community projects working with political parties and stakeholders. "This is time for Makinta to rise up and his will be
served in the communities," he said. Andries said his dad was known for his humility and love for
people and that is what they want his foundation to show. "He was a selfless person who always put people's
interest first," he said. The late Makinta's wife Lucy Makinta (78) thanked the
foundation for fighting to keep his name alive. "My husband loved people and is smiling on the grave
for the foundation which represent his will," she said. ANC Women League NEC, Nozipho Tyobeka-Makeke said the
importance of the foundation gives them a picture and life of Makinta. "Today we enjoy this freedom that we have gained
through him. We must apply, implement and make sure we take his values back to
our organisation. "He fought for everyone, he is one of the stalwarts we
should pass the touch to him," she said. Tyobeka-Makeke said they want to see the foundation growing
being a mirror and school for all of us so that we nurture our youth. The President of the ANC Veterans League (ANCVL), Snuki
Zikalala has committed the ANCVL to supporting the objectives of the Molefe
Makinta Foundation (MMF). Zikalala said that the ANCVL identifies with the MMF’s
objectives to support the cultural, skills and educational advancement of
disadvantaged young people. “Ntate Makinta was an ANC Veteran, a selfless revolutionary
and a fighter for human rights. He dedicated his entire life fighting for the
freedom that we are enjoying today," he said He urged the Foundation to motivate for the nomination of
the ANC Veteran as well as the selfless revolutionary and fighter for human
rights for posthumous recognition in the national orders awards.