NO after tears, curfew hours tightened, drinking of alcohol
in public places like beaches banned, and the number of hours and days for the
sale of alcohol reduced. These were additional alert level 1 restrictions imposed on
the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality as President Cyril Ramaphosa declared the
district a coronavirus hotspot. Addressing the nation in what has come to be known as a family
meeting, Ramaphosa said for the rest of the country the alert 1 level
restrictions will remain but said after recommendations submitted to the
National Coronavirus National Council Cabinet has decided to tighten
restrictions only in the Nelson Mandela Bay where infections were rising
rapidly. Ramaphosa said the restrictions would be in place effective
from Thursday midnight which effectively means on Friday. These additional restrictions will not affect emergency
services workers. The president also announced that after consultations with
traditional leaders who submitted a safety plan, it was decided that initiation
schools in the province will continue during the festive season but not in the
Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality. He said the infections in the municipality were rising at an
alarming rate and in some instances incomparable with the first wave and
stricter measures needed to be taken to try and curb the rise of infections. He announced that in addition to the alert level 1
restrictions that have been imposed for the rest of the country the
municipality will have the following as additional restrictions.  *The hours of the curfew will be from 10 pm and 4 am. *The sale of alcohol in bottle stores will only be permitted
between 10 am and 6 pm from Monday to Thursday. *Alcohol consumption in public spaces, such as beaches and
parks, is strictly forbidden. This is necessary to prevent large social
gatherings. *Gatherings – including religious gatherings – may not be
attended by more than 100 people for indoor events and 250 for outdoor events. *At all times, the total number of people in a venue may not
exceed more than 50% of the capacity of the venue and *All post-funeral gatherings are prohibited.  “These additional measures are necessary to contain the
resurgence in Nelson Mandela Bay, to prevent outbreaks resulting from social
gatherings, and to protect the capacity of the healthcare system to provide
care to those who need it. “In determining these restrictions, we have sought to take
those steps which are absolutely necessary to save lives while limiting
disruptions to the economy,” Ramaphosa said. He added that Health Minister Dr. Zweli Mkhize will be
visiting the Garden Route in the Western Cape which was also experiencing a
resurgence to assess the situation and advise the command council accordingly. Ramaphosa said there were many factors contributing to the
rise of infections, thee included traveling by many people between provinces
and within each province in higher numbers, especially with the festive season
approaching. In the case of the Garden Route, the movement of seasonal
workers who work in one province and live in another province could be a
contributing factor. Other contributing factors for the rise included social,
cultural and religious gatherings being and attended by large numbers of
people. “In many cases, these gatherings are often attended by many
more people than what is permitted under Level 1 restrictions. What is
concerning is that these are also often held in venues with poor ventilation. “This is particularly the case for funerals, which are often
followed by large so-called “after tears” parties,” he said. Further in areas such as the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality
several hospitals in the area have reported a rise in alcohol-related trauma
admissions. By and large, the president said people were simply not wearing
masks and adhering to health protocols. Ramaphosa said for the country to win the war against the
virus every citizen should play their role or else the war will never be won. 