TWO inmates at Waterval Prison in Utrecht, northern KZN, are feared dead after an alleged attack by prison warders. A source, who apparently witnessed the incident, told Daily Sun Ntokozo Hadebe and Thabo Tsolo were attacked on Saturday, 19 December. “Prison warders from the emergency support team went to the cells at about 3am with the intention to search the cells. “But the inmates were not happy that the warders were not wearing masks or any form of PPEs. “Ntokozo, who’s serving a life sentence for murder and attempted murder, complained that the warders were putting their lives at risk,” said a source. “But one of the warders became violent towards Ntokozo. This caused an alteration between inmates and the warders.” The source said once the search was over, two warders started attacking Ntokozo and Thabo. “They kicked Ntokozo in the face while another tortured him with an electric cable,” said the source. “Hours later, prison officials moved Ntokozo and Thabo into isolation. “They were stripped of their clothes and handcuffed. Then the beating continued. After some time they couldn’t walk properly and were dragged on the floor. “They were later loaded onto a vehicle and taken to an unknown location. As it is, nobody knows where they are.” Ntokozo’s brother, Langalibalele, said: “The information we received is that he’s dead and that his clothes are being kept somewhere in hospital. We immediately drove to Waterval Prison, but officials refused to let us see him. They wouldn’t tell us if he’s alive or dead.” Thabo’s younger brother, Sandile, said they only found out about the incident on 24 December. “We called the prison as soon as we heard about the incident, but no one answered the phone. From what we’re told, he’s badly injured and we fear he might be dead,” he said. Correctional Services spokesman Thulani Mdluli said: “I can confirm Ntokozo Hadebe was moved to Kokstad Prison. Families are usually informed when inmates are moved from one prison to another. We’re still trying to locate the whereabouts of Thabo Tsolo.”