FORMER Golden Arrows defender musa Bilankulu has joined Bizana Pondo Chiefs on a six months deal. Bilankulu has joins Chiefs as a free agent after he parted ways with the Durban-based side before last season started in the bio bubble in Gauteng. “It feels good to be part of the team, I feels at home and everyone has welcomed me,” said Bilankulu upon his unveiling. Bilankulu previously spent one season at the then Bidvest Wits and three years at Bloemfontein Celtic, but it is at Arrows where he enjoyed his best spell. In 2009, he was part of the team that humiliated the now Cape Town Spurs 6-0 at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto to lift the MTN8 trophy where he came on in the second half. In this Arrows team he was the last player of that class of 11 years ago. “I have signed a six months contract with an option to renew of one year and they’re expecting a lot of things from me and I’m willing to share everything with the team,” he added. “I’m bringing my experience and hopefully help them sustain the team's status in GladAfrica Championship or bring the team up to another level. “I believe that the youngsters which have brought the team up are capable of sustaining the team because it is their home town team and they’re the ones who fought hard for this team to be where it is today also they will help me end my football career with on a high note.” The 35 year-old was unveiled by Chairman Nkosinathi Mqokiyana on Sunday afternoon. “What I can tell you is that it’s an addition to the squad after the thorough analysis of our squad, we felt that we needed an experienced member to guide these young boys who are not necessarily young but lack an experience in this division,” said Mqokiyana. “He will bring balance either in the middle park or at the back because He can play both positions. “He signed a six-month contract and he has also signed for an option to renew his contract to one year depending on his performance. He is a man who said he still wants to play football. “The management and him have agreed that it will depend on his performance", added Mqokiyana. The Malamulele’s contract starts from the 30th of December 2020 and end on the 30th of June 2021.