BENNI McCarthy marked his first game on the Amazulu bench with a 3-1 victory over Chippa United in a DStv Premiership clash at Kings Park stadium on Sunday. Having been appointed as the new Usuthu head coach at the start of the week, McCarthy sat in the stands for the 2-0 loss against Golden Arrows on Wednesday. The home team seemed inspired by the former Bafana Bafana striker's presence closer to the action with a brace by Luvuyo Memela and Augustine Mulenga making sure of the three points. It was not the best of starts to the match for McCarthy and his charges as they fell behind in the 14th minute to an Isaac Nhlapo strike. Nhlapo pounced after the Amazulu defence failed to deal with a Chippa corner and, after some pin-ball in the penalty area, the defender tucked home a neat finish. Usuthu though recovered quickly and hit back with two goals within four minutes of each other to go in front. In the 24th minute, Amazulu equalised after Siphelele Mthembu was released on the right-hand side and found Mulenga with a low cross who had an easy finish. Just four minutes later some good build-up play by Usuthu saw Mthembu holding the ball up before finding Mulenga, who provided the assist for Luvuyo Memela to finish to give the hosts the lead. The game turned on its head ten minutes into the second half when Chippa should have equalised but Amazulu went up the other end and duly scored to open up a decisive two-goal cushion. Tebogo Qinisile's header was brilliantly saved by Amazulu goalkeeper Siyabonga Mbatha in the 55th minute before Usuthu produced a brilliant counter that saw Chippa shot-stopper Ayanda Mtshali come rushing out but couldn't clear his lines allowing Mulenga to cross for Memela to complete his brace. Mbatha again saved after a good low shot from Bienvenu Eva Nga as the Chilli Boys tried to get back in the game. In the end though Amazulu held on for just their second win in eight league games this season and gave McCarthy a winning start to his tenure. Chippa's struggles continued as they sit 14th on the PSL table having only won once so far this campaign. -TeamTalk Media