SOUTH Africa has finally made a down payment to secure the country’s entry into the Covax facility after missing the opportunity on two occasions. A payment of R283 million has been made through the Solidarity Fund to the Covax facility in a bid to accelerate the roll-out of Covid-19 vaccines in Mzansi. The down payment represents 15% of the total cost of securing access to vaccines for 10% of the population, which is about six million people. The country’s membership in the Covax facility ensures that South Africa receives its equitable share of the vaccine once it becomes available. Minister of Health Dr Zwelini Mkhize said: “It is a privilege to oversee a process that has brought together government, international partners and business for the sole purpose of delivering quality health care to the people of South Africa. This is what we have been advocating for when we speak of multi-sectoral collaboration and it is gratifying to see this spirit being harnessed for the good of our people, Africans and the global village. We convey our sincere gratitude to the Solidarity Fund for its unwavering support to government to ensure that no one gets left behind as we seek to protect our most vulnerable citizens against the scourge of Covid-19.” The DA, which has been pushing for the government to make the payment, has welcomed news that a payment has been made in an attempt to secure the vaccine. The party’s spokeswoman, Siviwe Gwarube, said they were now looking at government to make public the plan of who would be prioritised when the vaccine was available in Mzansi. “We want to understand how the storage will work and how will the vaccine be distributed to the most remote places in the country. The government needs to be transparent and explain how it will handle the roll-out of the vaccine,” said Gwarube. She also pleaded with South Africans to refrain from making unnecessary trips and always keep social distance when in a crowd. She said government couldn’t do everything alone and that people needed to take the pandemic seriously.