ONCE again, glory beckons for Pitso Mosimane! In fact, history awaits as Mosimane could become the first coach to win two cup trebles in a season. Having ended his Mamelodi Sundowns era with a glut of trophies, Mosimane sits on a cusp of a similar achievement with Egyptian giants Al Ahly. Fresh from lifting his second Caf Champions League trophy, the South African is eyeing the Egyptian Cup. Surely, that has to be a record to behold. But it appears not so for everyone. There has to be that one person, just that one, who can’t stomach seeing a fellow black being extolled. No sooner had Al Ahly beat Zamalek in the Champions League final on Friday night, someone made a point of reminding us the team was already in the semi-finals when Mosimane took over. That’s a fact. But it’s also a fact that he also reached the quarter-finals of the same competition with Sundowns. Mosimane has Champions League pedigree. But that speaks to an inferiority complex, a “white-right” syndrome... that blacks can’t be entrusted with certain responsibilities. And Mosimane has said it numerous times himself. Or that a fellow black, your neighbour, can’t be in the headlines for the right reasons. Steve Komphela was once subjected to an untold amount of criticism during his his reign at Kaizer Chiefs, the sort that some of his predecessors never experienced, despite facing similar struggles and levels of under-achievement. His sin? The colour of skin. Racial proximity allowed fans to ridicule him. Let’s, for once, close our eyes and picture Mosimane in a different skin colour. The amount of praise he’s been getting would be in even greater proportion. He deserves all the glory and not because he’s black or is from the township. He has earned his stripes. He’ll be making his second Fifa Club World Cup appearance in five years’ time, the first South African coach to do so. They may be at the foothills of the peak and have to scale to also reach the knockout stages in their respective Champions League and the Confederation Cup campaign. But for a team struggling on the domestic front, Amakhosi deserve special mention for their win in Cameroon. The country will be behind them when they host PWD Bamenda in the return leg of the preliminary round tie tomorrow. The same goes for Celtic, who, despite operating on a shoestring budget, continue punching above their weight. They’re only returning home today, following their 2-0 victory over AS Maniema on Sunday. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso