ON FRIDAY, the saddened soccer community said farewell to soccer star, Anele Ngcongca. Yesterday morning the nation woke up to further tragic news. THE ROAD HAD CLAIMED ANOTHER FOOTBALLER IN THE DARK HOURS OF THE MORNING. Among those who have posted their message online were Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane, Pitso Mosimane, the Premier Soccer League, the SA Football Association, Cape Town City, Maritzburg United and Golden Arrows. “Another one of us is no more. O Robale Ka Kagisho,” Yeye said. The PSL also reacted on Twitter: “The PSL is saddened by the tragic death of Mamelodi Sundowns player, Motjeka Madisha, a humble and promising talent. Another car accident. Deepest condolences to Sundowns and the Madisha family,” the league tweeted. Echoing what the football community is saying, former Mamelodi Sundowns captain Thabo Nthethe said he was devastated at the death of Motjeka Madisha. “I still don’t believe he is gone,” said Nthethe. “He was with Sundowns development when I arrived and he quickly got promoted to the first team from the MDC side. I played with him and he grew in front of my eyes to become one of the great defenders in the PSL. He was a good boy. May his soul rest in peace  The Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana defender, Motjeka Madisha (25) died on the Zuurfontein Road in Chloorkop, in Ekurhuleni in an horrific car accident. It’s alleged that his car lost control while driving with another occupant and hit the road barricades and exploded in flames. He was not driving from the clubs’ anniversary celebrations as earlier speculated. Madisha becomes the second Sundowns player to die in a car accident following Anele Ngcongca, who was also involved in a car crash that took his life in Durban, KZN, three weeks ago. Madisha played for Sundowns in the MultiChoice Diski Challenge in 2017 and was a talented defender on his position at the Brazilians. He won three PSL titles with his former coach Pitso Mosimane between 2017 and this year. His quality performance saw him being called into Bafana squad last season. Madisha comes from Ga-Madisha Village in Zebediela, Limpopo, as does his team’s captain Hlompho Kekana. Madisha joined the Brazilians in 2016 from Highlands Park FC, where he spent a year. The news of his death was confirmed by the cops and Disaster and Emergency Management Services, who attended the scene. Spokesman William Ntladi, said two adult occupants burnt to death after their vehicle burst into flames on Zuurfontein road in Chloorkop near Tembisa. “The Management Services rescue team received the call and arrived to find the hatchback covered in a ball of flames and the fire was extinguished. A partially burnt adult male was lying next to the vehicle while the other adult occupant of unknown gender burnt beyond recognition inside the vehicle. Gauteng Police spokeswoman, Brigadier Mathapelo Peters, also confirmed the incident. 