THE exuberant spirit of our colleague and brother Lucky Nxumalo is no more. Anyone who met and was touched by his life and his work will remember his can-do personality that was a unique characteristic. Ever so jovial and kind-hearted, Lucky, who was affectionately referred to by his praise name Zwide, brought the sun with him every time he entered a room. He gave his all as a photographer and to journalism in the three decades he served Mzansi though his lens. Lucky will be solely missed in the Daily Sun newsroom. Mapula Nkosi – Editor Ntombizodwa  Makhoba On Sunday, 13 December, I drove to Zwide’s home. This was after a week of trying in vain to get hold of him. He was surprised but excited at the same time to see me. “Makhoba, you finally came to see me after months of not keeping your promise,” he joked. Although he was in pain, he was strong, smiling, talking and at peace. He did not want people to feel sorry for him. I looked at him and I could not help, but I just saw tears streaming down my cheeks, but I remembered he wouldn’t want to see me sobbing. I quickly wiped my tears and put on a brave face. We sang hymns, prayed and laughed together. He reminded me of the assignments we once did together and how he would sit in the interview and asked a subject questions. There was never a dull moment around him. He was larger than life. He touched many lives in so many different ways. Although he was fighting this monster called cancer, he did not give in. He still had faith that one day he would walk again and roam the streets and do what he loved. When I heard about his death on the morning of Monday, 21 December, I was shattered and devastated. My brother, friend and mentor is gone. Who am I going to call and nag about life to. You are one of a few. You were always there to support and give an ear without judging. I am going to miss the days when I would call you during winter days to bring me amagwinya at work, but by the time you arrived at my desk, you were left with only two because you had shared with the whole office. You were a giver and wanted people around you to be happy at all times. One thing I’ve learnt from you is to never give up and always give your best in everything you love. Zwide ungizumile. Nevertheless, I am glad I spent your last days with you. Lala kahle Zwide ka Langa, Ndwandwe, Mkhatshwa. Elizabeth Sejake It is said that we will all pass away when our time comes but sadly those left behind must always find the strength to carry on. It is impossible to imagine walking into the Daily Sun newsroom and not hear Zwide laugh or see him dance to his favourite music. He was full of life and loved his work. He was jovial and would work with any subject. As a result, he was popular among government officials, businesspeople and celebrities. He was well-informed on everything and had massive contacts. I will forever treasure the time we spent working together. We had become family. Themba Makofane I worked with Lucky but over time, he became a friend. When it came to breaking news, Lucky was always on the ball. He never needed to be told what to do or where to go. He always knew things before they could happen. He had a long list of contacts and he would lead journalists to many exclusive stories. Lucky was always smiling and friendly with everyone. Rest in peace, Zwide. We will always remember you. Antonio Muchave I’ve known Lucky since the 1990s when we worked together at the Sowetan. He was talkative and friendly to everyone in the world of media. Lucky loved news stories as he had loads of contacts with the police. He could work 24 hours non-stop and would never complain because he was too passionate about what he was doing. I remember asking him if he could do sports with me, and he told me that he wasn’t good at sports. I invited him to come with me to games when he was off so he could practise. In no time, he was already excelling at action photography. When I spoke to him last Friday, he was in high spirits as usual and told me that he was feeling better. I was shocked when I heard that he was no more. May his soul rest in peace. Nelson Mahlangu Covering stories with Lucky Nxumalo was priceless. When I started my internship at Daily Sun last year, he taught me how to file stories while under pressure. As a result of his teachings, I am now a better reporter than I was when I first walked into the newsroom. Veli Nhlapo The death of Lucky came as a shock to me because I have known him as a friend and colleague for almost 30 years. He was a passionate photographer and hard worker. We worked together at Sowetan and Sunday World. He could do any beat from sports, news, social events and riots. He loved to cover the reed dance in eSwatini. Lala ngoxolo Zwide ka Langa. Solly Mahapa One of the best lensmen has fallen. Lucky, you were the best mpintshi ya se kasi lami eLondon (Orlando East). I will always miss your sense of humour and laughter. Johan Vos I was honoured to work with Lucky at Sunday Sun and Daily Sun. His love of life was infectious and his big smile always matched his big heart. There was not a day in the office or us going out on a photoshoot without Lucky cracking a joke. One of his responsibilities was to take pictures of cars for SunWheels – just like all of his other work – it was of the highest quality. His passion and knowledge of photography reflected in every photo he took. I will miss Lucky dearly, may his beautiful soul rest in peace. Mduduzi Nonyane Zwidisto, I hadn’t been woken abruptly by your morning WhatsApp motivational quotes for a while. But whenever we spoke, you always reassured me that the medications were effective with the occasional ups and downs. You never missed a chance to crack a joke or two. You passing leaves me with a deep sense of loss because you were always willing to lend a helping hand even going beyond the confides of being a colleague. To me you were a brother, and a mentor I could always rely on. When I first got to Sunday Sun in 2017, you gladly held my hand and showed me the ropes. Thank you for the countless memories. I will always cherish them. Rest easy nja yami. I will miss you dearly. Mohau Mokoena No one will ever possess the flare to say these two words to me. Not ever! Malome Lucky is that uncle God knew I needed. A certain life crisis drew me and Lucky together. At a time in my life where it seemed all was caving in on me, he was my lifeline. I clung onto him for dear life and now I hang onto great memories of an ultra awesome man. I love you Malome… O sa ba hemisa there in Heaven, my darling. Ruth Motau Everyone who has crossed paths with Lucky Nxumalo has had a good share of his kindness. Lux, as I called him, was a humanitarian. He had a heart of gold. When Lucky was assigned a job and he experiences a situation where his subjects needed help, he would forget that he was on a job and start helping them. I used to always keep track of him especially when he was out of town because he was kind like that. He was also reliable and always willing to go an extra mile. Lucky was a lifesaver. When I did not have any photographer to go on a sudden assignment whether at night or out of town, he would always come to my rescue. I met Lucky at the Sowetan in 2004. He later left to join City Press, but we were colleagues once again when I also joined the paper. Lucky knew a lot of people and he had good contacts. I remember he was invited to Kenny Kunene’s 40th birthday party in Sandton and the “King of Sushi” ate sushi off a bikini-clad model. City Press was the only publication that had the picture on that Sunday and Lucky had taken it. The last time I saw Lucky was last week. I thought he was going to beat the disease through his determination and faith that I saw in him during that visit. May his beautiful soul rest in eternal peace. Lefty Shivambu I met Lucky in 1998 when I started out as a young photographer. He has been so good to me over the years. I regard him as not only my mentor, but my hero. As a freelancer, I once shot pictures of the traditional healer called Neverdie Mushwana in Tzaneen. Someone stole my pictures and published as his. I was so angry and feeling like quitting photography. I then met Lucky by accident at the Rand Show and I told him what happened with my pictures. I gave him a few copies of my photos of Neverdie, and asked him to help me publish them at any publication for free so I could prove they were mine. A month later, I saw the pictures published in Pace magazine under my name. I couldn’t believe it. I was super excited. We became friends. Maxaka, as I often referred to him, had achieved so much as a photographer but remained humble. While sick, he helped me to make sure my son Lil Tee, had his work reviewed in different media. I visited him several times in hospital and at home throughout this year. We would talk for hours and he would tell me about many photographic projects that he was planning to do once he recovered. Press photography is going to be poorer without Lucky.  Bongani Madondo, essayist, culture, and photography theorist.  I hear the photographer Lucky Nxumalo passed on last night. How tragic! I never worked with him or were friends with him but I have been touched (who could resist him?) by his brand of ghetto exuberance. At ones brash, jovial, and pugilistically optimistic about life. Lucky was no artist behind the lens but a true, passionate photojournalist, one of those whose parts they no longer manufacture in the 21st Century. He will be truly missed not only by what is left of the now truly shook to its foundation profession he joined as a dreadful young man, but the community which he served with selfless panache. Unlike those of us who entered journalism to further our artistic and intellectual dreams, Nxumalo entered the trade, a decade or so later, armed with a spirit to serve his people, South Africans, high among those township folks, and not his ego. His outlook reminded me of the dyed in the soul 1970s New York City street journalists, photographers and columnists such as WeeGee, Jimmy Breslin, Pete Hamill, and of course the likes of Moffat Zungu, and the 1970s Post, and early 1980s Sowetan gang of newshounds, a group, tragically never as heroically remembered in the manner the Bang Bang Club, has. That of course is an indictment on all of us. One hopes then that Nxumalo's photographer generation (heck, all practitioners, including but not restricted to the likes of Felix Dlangamandla, Lerato Maduna, Eddie Mtshweni, Muntu Vilakazi, Simphiwe Nkwali, etc.), the post-Mandela in government-to- the Zuma in office generation, a potent transitional fifteen years in the social, cultural and spiritual reweaving of the soul of our battered and brutalised past which will not go away, is not washed down with the milk of amnesia as its predecessors. But in the true Black South African tradition I'm well aware, in advance, and not with regret, nay a wet eye, that Lucky Nxumalo will be lionized more in death than in life. Upon deep and long meditation over the years, I have made peace that too is our culture: We revere the dead, more than the living. The world between our Ancestors and living are intertwined. Lucky Nxumalo has just transitioned from life behind a lens to a next-door eternal existence, a room next door, a room with an eternal view. We believe. Thulani Mbele I will forever be grateful to Bra Lucky. He was one of the
few photographers who showed me the ropes when I arrived in the field of
photojournalism, especially when doing socials. He made sure I didn’t miss any celebrities, he knew everyone,
and everyone knew him. He was always very complimentary of my work, and a critic
when he saw me slacking. He was always very kind, gentle, and honest. Lucky's shutter never seized, he was a hard worker. Bra Lucky, thank you for the encouragement, the motivation.
Thank you for being true. Thank you for the memories you left us with. Wherever you are, I know you are creating new memories with
your shutter.       