The deceased soccer star Anele Ngcongca will not be buried this week after his mother has fallen ill. The family announced during the memorial service that there would be some changes to accommodate his mother to attend the funeral. The service was held at JL Zwane church in Gugulethu on Tuesday evening. “We are no longer proceeding with the burial of Anele this Thursday as was planned. This is because of the situation at home, his mother is not feeling well so if the program goes on, she will not be able to attend. She said she would not want to have her son buried in her absence, so we have moved the program to next Thursday,” said family member Mbuyiselo Mgobozi.  Councillor Sharon Manata pleaded with the people who attended the memorial service to pray for Anele’s family. “Let us put Anele’s mother in our prayers, she is not well. It is a very difficult time for the family and we should pray for them,” she said. Manata said Gugulethu residents are devastated about the untimely and shocking death of Anele. “Our hearts are very sore, our icon who took Gugulethu and put it on the map is no more. I say to Masandawana, Amazulu and Aces, Anele was borrowed to us, let him rest in peace,” said Manata. A group of over 200 people sang and danced during the service. Friends who grew up with Anele from street soccer to United Aces academy took turns to speak about their experiences with the former Bafana Bafana star.  Childhood friend Sonwabo Selana said, "Anele was quiet but very intelligent when it comes to soccer. We played together as kids and I do not even have the right words to express how sore my heart is.” Retired soccer star Thobela King Bikwani said he knew Anele since 2000 when he used to come to his house asking for boots. “I could tell that he was dedicated, we became friends since then. It’s undoubtedly that he was one of the greatest footballers to come out of South Africa. We had many plans with Anele, before his death we had a video call where I was supposed to meet him in Durban. The news of his death came as a shock,” said Bikwani. Bayanda Sikiti from South African Football Association (SAFA) Cape Town read a letter to the family that came from the SAFA boss  Danny Jordan.  