Three guards including a driver were severely injured in a heist drama in Rolle village outside Thulamahashe in Mpumalanga on Thursday 3 December. This after a gang of criminals armed with guns driving in a Mercedes-Benz, VW Amarok double-cab bakkie and a Ford Ranger attacked a Fidelity cash vehicle. They rammed the cash vehicle with the Mercedes-Benz and it landed on its side in the middle of the road. As they were about to bomb the vehicle with three guards trapped inside yelling for help, heavily armed guards from Sassa driving a CPS cash vehicle intervened and a crossfire started between them. READ: BUSHIRIS EXTRADITION REQUEST SERVED!  The criminals lost the battle. They lit the Benz before fleeing in the Amarok and Ford Ranger. “We were coming from a Sassa paypoint in Hoedspruit when we spotted the gang climbing onto the cash vehicle ready to bomb it. We realised they were robbers and our colleagues would die inside the vehicle. We started shooting at them and they hit back. We fought until they gave up and lit their Benz and fled the scene empty-handed. The guards were seriously injured. So we called the police and ambulance,” said one of the CPS guard. A Good Samaritan quickly assisted to pull the guards out of the cash vehicle and rushed two of them to the nearest clinic in his car. SIGN UP FOR THE WEBINAR ON HOW MEN NEED TO SHOW UP TO FIGHT GBV Shocked residents saluted the guards for saving the lives of their colleagues. Police spokeswoman Colonel Brenda Muridili said a Fidelity cash vehicle was attacked by unknown suspects who are still at large.  “The vehicle was on its way to the direction of Thulamahashe where it was hit head on by a Mercedes Benz. It lost control and overturned. The suspects failed to access the money safe and no money was taken. But three guards sustained serious injuries and were taken to hospital for medical attention. The Benz was burnt by the suspects before fleeing the scene,” said Muridili. Anyone with information can call Crime Stop on 08600 10111 or send a tip-off on MySapsApp.