ACTRESS and presenter, Candice Modiselle, shares the Christmas spirit of giving to a single mum. The former Generations: The Legacy actress gave the mum, who's an Uber driver money to spend the holidays with her kids. She took to Twitter to share a story about how she met the lady and gave her money. She said the driver told her she wouldn't be able to spend Christmas and the days after with her kids unless she reaches her target. Candice took it upon herself, gave her money that would last her for three days and gave her an early Christmas gift. ALSO READ | ACTOR BABSY SELELA DIES! "Received the most heartwarming text from a lady I met on Xmas Eve. I requested an Uber and she picked me up. We started having a chat & she mentioned she won’t get to spend time with her children because she has to work. She’d only get to see them once she reaches her target," she wrote. Received the most heartwarming text from a lady I met on Xmas Eve. I requested an Uber and she picked me up. We started having a chat & she mentioned she won’t get to spend time with her children because she has to work. She’d only get to see them once she reaches her target?? "As we neared our destination, I asked to quickly pop into the garage. I withdrew enough to sustain her for 3 days of her target (money I’d saved but wasn’t in desperate need of). We reached the end of the trip and I gave her the money. She, though confused, instantly broke down," she continued. As we neared our destination, I asked to quickly pop into the garage. I withdrew enough to sustain her for 3 days of her target (money I’d saved but wasn’t in desperate need of). We reached the end of the trip and I gave her the money. She, though confused, instantly broke down?? Candice said she related because she was raised by a single mum, when her dad died in 1997. She wrote: "I’m also fully aware that my sisters & I wouldn’t be where we are without the guardian angels that helped carry us along the way when we struggled to make ends meet. What may seem like a small random act of kindness to you, could be a life-altering moment for someone else." I’m also fully aware that my sisters & I wouldn’t be where we are without the guardian angels that helped carry us along the way when we struggled to make ends meet. What may seem like a small random act of kindness to you, could be a life-altering moment for someone else. The actress said she'll never miss out on a moment to lighten the load of a single mum. She also posted pictures of a spa day that she hosted for five single mums last year. "I’ll never miss out on a moment to lighten the load of a single mother. Where I can, I will. Last year I surprised 5 single moms with a full day all expenses paid spa treatment. It was all their very first time. We laughed, prayed, connected. The most blessed day of my life," continued her thread. I’ll never miss out on a moment to lighten the load of a single mother. Where I can, I will. Last year I surprised 5 single moms with a full day all expenses paid spa treatment. It was all their very first time. We laughed, prayed, connected. The most blessed day of my life♥? pic.twitter.com/ra2t0pVTWZ People applauded the actress and commended her for the good deed. There we were in the parking lot, crying and sharing comforting words. One thing about me? I WILL cry. (Am I crying while typing this tweet ? Possibly ??) We exchanged numbers and she promised to keep in contact. My only request was that she please take a break and enjoy. pic.twitter.com/ZvjkoAouee 