TSHENOLO TOLD Daily Sun how his life changed after he chose Lebogang over booze. His journey back to love brings hope to those who have lost faith in relationships. IT’S A STORY THAT WILL MELT YOUR HEART AND CHANGE YOUR MIND! ALSO READ:VOETSEK! LEAVE MY MAN ALONE! Tshenolo Mnisi (27) from Soshanguve, Tshwane, said he used to be a drunkard and he never thought love would change all that. He said he met Lebogang Serithi (21) at a sports field in Soshanguve while she was walking with her friends in 2018. “I was even drunk on the first day I met her,” said Tshenolo. He said he greeted her and told her she was his type, but the lady just she kept quiet.  “But I insisted that she must take my number,” he said. “I told her I’m a dancer and I danced on one of Lady Zamar’s music videos.” He said she was still being stubborn, but her friend advised her to take the number. “She took it but never called me. A year later, we bumped into each other again and she told me that she lost my number. That is where our story began,” said Tshenolo. He told the People’s Paper their relationship was beautiful and she was so very easy to love. “That’s when I opened up about my drinking problem,” he said. “She told me that we’ll work it out together.” I decided to introduce her to my parents and our relationship became stronger,” said Tshenolo. He said he drank almost every day and he was enjoying himself.  But then came that day when Lebogang told him to choose. “It was tough. But this was the woman I wanted to spend the rest of my life with, so there was no way I could have chosen booze over her. I made the right choice,” he said. He said at some point, some of his friends deserted him saying he’s being controlled by a woman. Lebogang said Tshenolo has brought so much happiness into her life and she couldn’t see a future with anyone else. “But he was drinking too much and this was starting to affect our relationship.” She said trust was the number one ingredient to a successful relationship. “Trust will make everything go right,” she said. Lebogang said he knew December was a tough time for relationships, but they bucked the trend. He proposed on 2 December and she said yes. They’re now planning to get married in June next year.