MAMELODI Sundowns coach Manqoba Mngqithi has outlines reasons behind captain Hlompho Kekana’s lack of game time since the beginning of the season. The veteran midfielder has been one of the key players for Sundowns in the past seasons winning Caf competitions, domestic cups, and a number of Premiership titles. But since the 2020-21 DStv Premiership started, the 35-year-old has featured in few games. Out of six league games that have been played this season, Kekana has started three times but finished only one game (against Maritzburg), came on as a sub twice, and did not play in one match. Mngqithi says they are trying to manage the player, help him get back to his best as he has featured almost in each and every game in the past three seasons. “Others are looking at him not playing at the moment thinking that he has reached his sell by date but we know what we are doing,” Mngqithi said. “We are trying to freshen him up because we know at a certain point in the league he will be very important for us and when that time comes he must be very fresh. “If you check in the past seasons Hlompho has been playing almost all the matches and at the moment when you look at him in training, he is beginning to come back to the level that we all know.” One is hopeful that come January the skipper is as fresh as anyone. From there he will have to take over his leadership and lead the team forward. Added Mngqithi: “I have no doubt in my mind that he is got the capacity to take us to the next level but we are managing it the right way, he is a machine he works very hard.” “But rest assured at the end of the day everybody will celebrate what we are trying to do because the boy is a hell of a good professional. No coach would say I have an issue with Hlompho. “He works so hard and I am more than optimistic that what we are trying to do will benefit not only him but all of us. He’s a leader, a legend that deserves respect.” Sundowns will be in action next Tuesday when they host TS Galaxy in a league game at Loftus, (7:30pm).