ELEVEN years ago the woman’s partner walked out on her and her two kids, and she became a magosha to feed her children. Her daughter has followed in her footsteps, and it’s breaking her heart. At the time, her family offered her a backroom in Diepkloof, Soweto. Recalling her first client, she said a friend took her to Mooi Street in the Joburg CBD. The man was a drunk from a tavern. He took her to a hotel and paid her R100. “It was terrible. I used the money to buy food for the kids,” she said. The magosha mum, now 46, told Daily Sun her son is 20 and working as a gardener. Recently, the mum discovered her 23-year-old daughter had followed in her footsteps. “She’s a magosha, just like me. She works in Sandton.” The mum told Daily Sun she suspected something strange was happening when, in August, her daughter started asking her to babysit more than usual. The daughter had said she was job hunting. The mum believed her because she’d lost her job when lockdown started and she wasn’t coping emotionally. “I was so happy to see her smile after being sad for months, but I didn’t know what she was doing,” said the mum. Her daughter would also leave the house looking bright but came back worn out. She started receiving many phone calls. On 4 December, the mum took an Uber and followed her daughter. “I saw her going into a strip club and I sent the driver to check on her,” she said. “He came back and said she was a stripper and a magosha, and even offered him a poke for a price.” She said her daughter told her she won’t be able to stop. “I told her to quit. She said I should practice what I preach,” said the mum. The daughter told Daily Sun she was also trying to provide for her two kids. She said she saw how her mum hustled to feed them. “I did the same. I didn’t want to hurt her feelings so I kept quiet. I know she does it for the children and I’m doing the same for my kids.” She works for rich clients. “I get between R1 500 and R3 000 because my clients are from the suburbs. It’s once or twice a week and the money is good,” she said. The girl’s aunt told Daily Sun her niece didn’t understand that her mum did it to give the kids a better life. “I believe my niece does it because she loves it,” said the aunt. “Her mother was hurt and left with her kids. My niece has a chance to break the cycle. She doesn’t have to follow in her mother’s footsteps.”