SWALLOWS FC will put pressure on opponents this season, no matter who they play, says coach Brandon Truter. Ttuter said the Dube Birds have been playing this season without a recognised striker and this will be the case when they host bottom side Maritzburg United in their DStv Premiership clash at Dobsonville Stadium on Tuesday evening (7.30pm). This has worked like charm for the former Cape Town All Stars coach. Teams don’t know who to mark and put pressure on. It has seen Swallows go unbeaten so far and lying second on the log table, with 12 points from six league games. They are two points behind leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. They will be tested against Maritzburg under Ernst Middendorp. The former Kaizer Chiefs coach also plays a similar 3-5-2 system as Swallows. This formation almost worked for Amakhosi last season under the German-born coach, but they lost the league in the last day of the season to Sundowns. The Team of Choice go into this game after they got a deserved point against Sundowns in their previous match. Truter knows what to expect from Middendorp. “It’s Middendorp. It’s a new coach coming in. It’s a team that got a point against Sundowns,” said Truter. “It is going to be a very interesting tactical battle.” Truter, who was named Premiership coach for October and November last Monday, also added they are not yet where he wants them to be despite this good start from the GladAfrica Championship champions. “We want to win the ball as high up as possible and it is more of a team effort than down to individuals. “We will carry on and see how far we can go. We are not finished article yet and we’re still going to get better,” said Truter. Truter recently bolstered his attack with the acquisition of Kgaogelo Sekgota from Portuguese side Vitoria Setubal. The Seshego-born star was on loan from to now defunct Bidvest Wits in the second half of last season. Although he is powerful winger, he can play as a false number nine. “It’s going to be difficult to score against us once we get stronger,” added Truter.