Ha ho uweng basadi ha ho uweng... These were the words of many women across the country who marched to demand inclusion in the country’s mainstream economy. Holding placards and marching to financial institutions across the country, the women took a stand for what they say they deserve and expressed their concerns about lack of business opportunities for them. The marches organised by Women of South Africa was supported by different organisation and saw women from all nine provinces march to get their voices to be heard. In Joburg, WoSA member Kgali Kedijang said their marches across the country were a success. She said they were marching to demand their share of the economy dividends as women make up 52% of the population. The group in Johaburg marched to the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and the Industrial Development Corporation of South Africa. She said: “We handed our memorandum and gave these financial institutions and the economic power house until 28 February 2021 to consider our demands.”  Kedijang said they wanted women-led businesses to be funded by financial institutions. “We want the country to rally around the equal pay for equal value movement because as it stands women earn 28% less than men,” she said. She said WoSA wanted a barometer to be implemented to ensure active participation in the economy and to be represented in JSE listings. She told Daily Sun they arranged to meet with the Ithala management and discuss how women in KZN can benefit from the trade centre. “Ithala told us there is money put aside for women empowerment. So we are pleased with that,” she said. ANCWL KZN secretary Nonhlanhla Gabela said they decided to attend the march because they realised that women across the country were not included in the mainstream economy.  WoSA representative in Western Cape Philile Ntuli said men were still dominating the economy and women found it hard to penetrate. She said political power is not enough for women. “We have realised that even if we ask for the representation of women in terms of quotas in executive positions, we are still not dismantling the power systems because the economy is where the power lies. As long as the economy is in the hands of men and patriarchy, we are not going anywhere. We are saying until the economy is in the hands of women, we are going to continue to fight for the emancipation of women,” said Ntuli. Sex worker Duduzile Dlamini from Sex Workers Education Advocacy and Taskforce said society still saw sex workers as bad people. “We are part of the community but experience a lot in this industry. We are called names and we are regarded as bad people but sex work is a job like any other job so we are working,” said Duduzile. Mpumalanga ANCWL secretary Lydia Zitha said they were demanding economic emancipation. “Women of South Africa also need to benefit from economic activities happening in the country. They should not be excluded on the basis of their gender. The agency’s project manager, Carol Nkambule, acknowledged the memorandum and said their concerns were valid. She promised to respond in a reasonable time. Peontle Seletedi said she participated in the march because she wanted to fight capitalism and patriarchy. She said women were not taking part in the economy because they do not have sufficient information. “We want to stop depending on men financially. We are depending on men because we do not have anything to do but we are interested,” she said.