UNDER pressure Baroka FC mentor Matsimela Thoka says his job is safe. Bakgaga’s form has nose-dived after losing two DStv Premiership games in a row and dropping down to seventh spot on the table. They have collected 11 points from eight games. Baroka under Thoka, who took over from the sacked Dylan Kerr, started the season on a high note. But now, there have been questions asked if the inexperienced Thoka, who is in his debut season in the Premiership as a head coach, needs someone with experience to assist him. But Thoka, who has been with the 2016 Telkom Knockout champions since 2016-17 season as an assistant coach when they were promoted to the top flight, still believes he is the right man to lead the Ga-Mphahlele-based side. “I had a meeting with the chairman, Khurishi Mphahlele. He told me straight that he still has full trust in me and I should concentrate on working on solving the team’s recent problems,” said Thoka. “I am one of the lucky coaches to have a chairman who is behind me during this tough time. This is a dream come true for me to coach in the top flight. “I took this challenge knowing very well that if results are not coming in football, a coach gets fired. But I have support from my team and club management.” With some PSL teams given some time off during the festive season, Thoka and his lads are busy at Ga-Mphahlele working on their mistakes. “We have lost two games that we could have won. “We lost those games because of lack of concentration we lost,” Thoka said. “So that is why we are busy at training working hard on those mistakes. We have many games in January and there is no time for a break. Remember we are coming from three months break due to the Covid-19 pandemic and we felt we also need to work on the players’ fitness.” Thoka is also optimistic that their fortunes will change when the league resumes next month. “I also sat down with the boys and we agreed that next year things need to change,” said Thoka. “We don’t want to see Baroka fighting for relegation like last season. This season our goal is to finish as high as we can, but it has to be in the top eight. We have a quality team and I believe we can achieve all our goals this season.”