CHRISTMAS is time to be with family, feasting on roasted chicken and pudding. Well, not so for Patrice Motsepe and Danny Jordaan, who are criss-crossing parts of the world on the Confederation of African Football (Caf) presidency campaign trail. The Safa president is understood to have accompanied Motsepe, the Mamelodi Sundowns president and philanthropist to as far as the Persian Gulf in Qatar, Nigeria and some North African countries. The two returned from Ghana on Tuesday and are expected to visit west and east African countries. Motsepe invited several heads of Caf federations to the Sundowns 50th-year celebration gala dinner last week, in an effort to strengthen his bid for higher office. And Jordaan reiterated their nominee, the “revolutionary choice,” as he terms Motsepe, will have to scour the continent for more support and ensure their campaign sustains momentum leading up to the March elections. Motsepe is already publicly backed by, among others, Sierra Leone FA, Botswana FA, Mozambique, Angola, Benin, Zambia, Zimbabwe and Nigeria Football Federation. Also on his campaign trail are Caf player of the year, Samuel Eto’o and El Hadji Diouf, as well as a throng of club legends, who include former Ivory Coast international Siaka Tiene. “His business acumen, observance of governance, legal training, global business, networking and skill, his love of African football, makes him a revolutionary choice for the leadership of African football,” Jordaan said. “So it is clear to me that what Africa needs at the moment is what Patrice offers. So we must give him a chance and support. This is the man who was once named among the 100 best CEOs by Forbes magazine.” Even though it looks like a great campaign, Jordaan has explained there is much more work to be done to get their candidate in office. “He has to go and meet as many FA presidents as possible and that is what we are encouraging him to do,” added Jordaan. Motsepe has kept mum on his ambitions for Caf presidency. “It will be extremely premature for me to say anything. This is the time for me to listen and be exposed to be the views of various leaders and presidents,” he has said.