HUNDREDS of women across South Africa’s nine provinces will take to the streets to demand inclusion in the country’s mainstream economy. The march, taking place on Friday 04 December across the country will be held under the banner of women’s lobby movement, Women of South Africa. The march will see groups of women from all provinces embark on a simultaneous demonstration to raise issues that are holding back their ability to participate meaningfully in the country’s economy. They will head to the Industrial Development Corporation offices in Sandton, Joburg and the Union Buildings in Tshwane. The participants of the march will include ordinary members of the society and formations in the political, social, religious, business and NGO spheres. The organisation calls for the outlawing of the gender wage gap by making it a criminal offence to pay women less than men for the same job. WoSA spokeswoman Dr. Sibongile Vilakazi said most women earned less than men. “Stats SA and all other economic reports that include gender disparity show women earn on average 20% less than men in all industries. Stats SA in particular shows that even education status does not matter. Women with degrees earn 60% less than their male counterparts. It is not right that women get pirated and move to new positions, yet earn less than the men who held the same position before.  It’s time we come together as women of South Africa and say enough is enough.” According to WoSA member Staff Sithole, through this march their organisation is demanding decisive action from government and the private sector to ensure that more women are involved in the economy. Sithole further emphasised that WoSA is engaging liked-minded organisations across the country and the continent to join the march. “Our challenges as South African women are challenges of African women. As women, we need to push for a shift in the narrative of our role in the economy. We have to work hard to reshape the victim narrative and encourage more women to demand their place in the economy,” she said. Some of the main demands by WoSA include the establishment of an Annual Gender Barometer to measure the extent to which women are at the centre of the South African economy. The organisation further calls for the outlawing of the gender-wage gap by making it a criminal offence to pay women less than men for the same job. Another key driver is that there needs to be more funding to women-owned businesses by banks, development funding institutions and other financiers. “All these demands are aimed at ensuring that South African women get their 51,2% economic dividend,” Sithole said. Since launching WoSA in August, women from all walks of life have been requested to sign the petition on the movement’s website, with the intention to highlight “izikhalo zamakhosikazi”.