CHIPPA United have announced the return of Dan Malesela as the club's head coach. Malesela replaces Lehlohonolo Seema who was placed on SuSpension last Tuesday, before being fired the following day. In eight games of the 2020-21 season, Seema managed to get only one win, drew twice and lost five. Undoubtedly, the string of poor results was one of the reasons why he was fired. Before Malesela, who was fired by TS Galaxy, The Chilli Boys had initially announced Luc Eymael as their head coach.The appointment was withdrawn after the announcement was met by widespread criticism, from football fraternity in Mzansi as well as South Africa Football Association (Safa), after Eymael's previous comments in Tanzanian where called supporters "dogs and monkeys". The club released a statement on Sunday confirming the return of Malesela. "Chippa United Football Club are thrilled to announce the return of Dan Malesela in the senior Head Coach position," the statement said. "Malesela will be in charge until the end of this campaign with an option of another season. The Club aspirations are on a top half finish in this 2020/21 DSTV Premiership campaign. "Affectionately known as “Dan Dance", he is a popular figure in the Chilli Boys set up with our supporters. He led the team to a best ever league finish (sixth in the 2015/16 season) and to a memorable 2017 Nedbank Cup semi-final place. "Malesela comes in highly regarded for his man management skills and carries a proven track record with working with young football talent. The Club Chairman Siviwe Mpengesi said: “We are very excited to have ‘Dan Dance' back in our Club structures. "He has always been well liked by our different supporters’ branches, and we did not hesitate to link him back with the Chilli Boys when that opportunity presented itself. “We have a person that is familiar with the position that we find ourselves in, our brand, the team culture as well as our Club ambitions. I wish him well in this journey and towards helping the team in our desired achievements for this season.” Malesela's first match in charge will be against SuperSport United on 6 January at Lucas Moripe Stadium. 