ONE of the first female fitness and conditioning trainers in the Premier Soccer League (PSL), Simone Conley, could be set for a return to football soon. The 31-year-old former Highlands Park fitness trainer has been lined up by GladAfrica Championship side Royal AM. The KwaZulu-Natal outfit is understood to be interested in Conley’s services. The well-respected fitness trainer has a proven track record having worked with The Lions of the North in the top flight. Conley was lauded for making the Tembisa outfit one of the fittest teams in the PSL in the past three seasons. She worked alongside head coach Owen Da Gama and his technical team to ensure the Highlands players were always sharp and fit. But after the club’s top-flight status was sold to TS Galaxy at the beginning of the 2020-21 season, Conley was one of many who had to look for a new job. It appears her search could be about to come to an end with Royal AM eager to snap her up as they look to gain automatic promotion to the DStv Premiership. Highlands’ former shareholder, Sinky Mnisi, is now the CEO of Royal AM and confirmed to SunSport that he is in the process of bringing Conley to the KZN club. “Yes, we have a strong interest in Simone’s (Conley) services,” admitted Mnisi. “It is definitely something that we have been looking into and discussing as a club. “But I have to stress that we are yet to get into contact formally with her that’s why I can’t really reveal any more than I have already done. “I don’t want to discuss anything further out of respect for her because we haven’t made a formal offer to her. We will look into that on Friday. When everything is done then we will communicate accordingly.” Conley, who holds a BCom Sports Management Degree and a Master’s Degree in Biokinetics, would be expected to aid Royal AM in their quest to gain promotion to the top-flight. This would be her first stint in the Championship with her previous roles being with Bafana Bafana and South African junior national teams before joining Highlands in the 2017-18 PSL season.