BAFANA BAFANA coach Molefi Ntseki was going to be sacked, had the national team failed to get maximum points in both Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers (Afcon) against Sao Tome. According to Safa sources, the country’s football president Danny Jordaan had secretly informed his NEC to prepare the crunch talks, if he didn’t win both matches. But at the end, Ntseki kept it cool and his boys fought for him – and Bafana won both matches. This came as Bafana didn’t inspire confidence in two friendly matches played in Rustenburg against Namibia and Zambia in October as part of their dress rehearsal. First, they drew 1-1 with the Brave Warriors at Royal Bafokeng Stadium on 8 October. Against Chipolopolo of Zambia, they lost 2-1 three days later at the same venue. That raised concerns as to what would happen when Bafana face Sao Tome in November. But the spirit in the camps leading up to these games, the players were keen on fighting for Ntseki. They defeated the Islanders 2-0 at Moses Mabhida Stadium on 14 November, although it wasn’t inspiring of all performances as they couldn’t get going in the first half. The reason why it didn’t work is that, Percy Tau, the goal leader in this side, was playing out wide and every time he had the ball he had to cut inside. Ntseki tweaked the formation and Tau played closer to Lebohang Manyama and that yielded results. The former Mamelodi Sundowns forward netted from the penalty spot after he was brought down. Then, his former teammate at Sundowns, Bongani Zungu, scored a header late into the game to see Bafana get the first three of required six points. In the return match, which was meant to be played in Sao Tome but played in PE as Covid-19 test results were going to take longer to come back from the visitors’ home country, both FAs agreed to play at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium, instead. While that played in Ntseki’s side hands, Sao Tome proved to be tough nut to crack.His selecting to keep Manyama in the starting line was questionable as the Kaizer Chiefs forward seemed out of form. Eventually, Bafana romped to a 4-2 victory to join Ghana in Group C on nine points.