CO-OPERATIVE Governance Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma says under level 3 lockdown restrictions, people are still allowed to visit, among other establishments, restaurants, cinemas and libraries. Dlamini-Zuma, together with Police Minister Bheki Cele, Justice Minister Ronald Lamola, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize and Minister in the Presidency Jackson Mthembu were briefing the media on adjustments to level 3 lockdown restrictions on Tuesday, 29 December. This comes after President Cyril Ramaphosa moved the country to level 3, saying it was necessary to help slow the spread of Covid-19. Ramaphosa banned the sale of alcohol for two weeks, placed a curfew across the country from 9pm to 6am daily. He ordered that non-essential establishments such as bars and restaurants close at 8pm. Failure to wear a mask in public can result in a fine determined by a magistrate, or up to six months’ imprisonment. Dlamini-Zuma said: “There has to be a maximum of 50 people inside and be 1,5m apart. Outdoors, it can be 100 people if a restaurant has outdoor seating. “Cinemas are the same. You can still go to the cinema or theatre but keeping to those protocols.” She said new curfew times must be adhered to. “The curfew now starts at 9pm and ends at 6am. This means that during that time, all of us must be at home except those who’re working, or if you have an emergency – security or medical. “But otherwise we should be at home. The virus doesn’t move. It’s moved by us. The more we move, the more the possibility of the virus moving.” She reiterated the importance of wearing a face mask or covering up your face, especially when talking to people outside of your household. “When we’re with people that are not from the same household, it’s also useful to wear a mask, even if you’re at home,” she said. “When people come in and out, you don’t know where they’ve come from, whether they’re asymptomatic. “Wearing a mask is now mandatory. If you’re not wearing a mask you’re committing an offence. You could be fined or sent to prison – so it’s important to wear a mask.” The minister listed the beaches that are closed to the public under level 3: Western Cape, Eastern Cape and KZN. “They’re closed except for fishermen. In the Northern Cape they’ll be allowed, but if it becomes a hot spot it will be closed. “The Northern Cape is the only one where people can still go to the beach.” Places of accommodation are still open to the public. “Hotels, lodges, B&B’s and those kinds of accommodation are open because people are in their rooms, and they can be filled to capacity. “But in public spaces like restaurants, they have to observe health protocols.” In the next two weeks, grieving families will have to hold burials within five days after deaths have occurred and funeral proceedings may not take longer than two hours. Funerals have been identified as super-spreader events, especially after-tears events. Dlamini-Zuma said only 50 people can be allowed to attend a funeral and those attending must sit at least 1,5m apart. “At the funeral, everyone has to wear a mask. Please wear your mask, sanitise and social-distance. We’re urging that the funeral should not take more than two hours. It can take less but it shouldn’t take more than two hours,” she said. “Still, night vigils aren’t allowed. After-tears and gatherings after funerals are not allowed, and this is because funerals are super-spreaders because people tend to sing, sometimes they hug and so on. So the shorter the service the better.” She urged churches, which can only accommodate 50 people, to rather opt to get singers so the rest of the church members don’t sing. She said this would also help in ensuring the virus doesn’t spread further.