THIS self-named apostle is being lashed for outlandish promises on a Facebook video, where he  promises viewers miracle money – and soon! Musawenkosi Mohlala of the Shekainah Healing Ministries in Cape Town, said 10 people watching him and sharing his video were going to receive the miracle money shortly. But many people commented there was nothing like miracle money. Khonzi Zulu said it’s funny that we don’t have to work. “All I have to do is watch and share videos of pastors and boom, we are sorted. I’ve watched and shared the video. Now I’m waiting for my money. It’s the festive season and everybody needs money.” Lucas Joy said: “If getting money was that easy, then we shouldn’t even bother working. All we must do is watch the pastor’s videos and we’ll be rich.” Nokuzola Mbatha said: “These are end times for real. Pastors manipulate people and live large while the followers suffer.” But the apostle, who has more than 32 branches around Mzansi, said people didn’t understand what he meant. He said when speaking about miracle money he wasn’t saying money will come from nowhere into people’s bank accounts. “There are people who are expecting money and they’ve been waiting for a long time. With the power of prayer, I release the money.” “Some have given up hope that they’ll ever receive that money.” He said for some, their money was supposed to be released next year, but they will miraculously receive it before the year ends. In the video taken in a Bentley inside what looks like a dealership, Mohlala said this year was actually a good year. He said those who prophesied 2020 was going to be a bad year were wrong. “The things we’ve done and achieved in 2020 through the pandemic are far bigger than any other year. Everyone has been saying pastors and prophets will suffer this year. Who said we’re suffering?” There are also people who misunderstood him on that. He said: “We live in the midst of a pandemic and that makes it a good year.” He said he didn’t buy another Bentley, but had taken his car for service and decided to take a live video. Daily Sun tried to get a comment from the CRL, but at the time of going to print they didn’t get back to us.