ORLANDO Pirates will head into their MTN8 final clash with underdogs Bloemfontein Celtic as favourites to lift the coveted trophy. The Soweto giants are expected to get the better of their less fancied opponents Celtic, whose record in cup competitions is significantly inferior. There is no doubt, on paper, the Buccaneers should have enough to manoeuvre their way past the dangerous Phunya Sele Sele when the two sides meet at the Moses Mabhida Stadium tomorrow (6pm). But as it has often been proven, football isn’t played on paper and anything can happen in the field of play, especially in a cup final. But Pirates have been dominant in their matches against the Free State outfit and should come out on the right side of the result if they bring their A-game. In the two sides’ 24 meetings in all competitions so far, Bucs have beaten Celtic 10 times, losing seven matches with the other seven ending in a draw. The odds are heavily stacked in Pirates’ favour and they will be buoyed by the fact that they just recently beat Celtic 1-0 in the league. Pirates will also have their impressive history in the MTN 8 to draw strength from, having won the competition no less than nine times. They last won the top eight competition in 2011, which was part of their impressive double treble winning era. Celtic, on the other hand, have only won this competition once when it was known as the SAA Supa8 in 2005 and are still fresh from a Nedbank Cup final defeat at the hands of Mamelodi Sundowns. Bucs defender Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo, who previously won the competition with now defunct Bidvest Wits, expects his team to have too much for Celtic. “We have lots of talent and personnel to challenge for trophies,” said Hlatshwayo in the build-up to the final. “The supporters won’t be there to rally behind us but we ask them to pray for us. We’ll make sure that we deliver for them.” Pirates will be hoping to turn their fortunes in Cup finals around, having lost the last five finals they have played. They were beaten by bitter rivals Kaizer Chiefs in the final of the MTN8 in 2015. Pirates’ Head to Head v Celtic Matches: 24 Won: 10 Lost: 7 Drawn: 7