THERE’S MORE trouble at Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila camp. SunSport has again been reliably informed that players boycotted training on Tuesday due to unpaid salaries. According to a reliable informant, some players were paid while others got half of their salaries. This is not the first-time players from the new Dstv Premiership side have trouble being paid. Even last month players were in the same predicament. The deep throat said: “Players refused to train on Tuesday after the club failed to pay some of them, while some were paid half. “The fact that even last month it was the same, players are worried the worst is about to come. Last month only one player (who is known to SunSport did not train) refused to play.” Another source who was at the urgent meeting that was called by the players, confirmed that the players are not happy. Tshakhuma team manager Ricardo Miriri could not confirm or deny. He referent our quires to the club CEO Sello Chokoe. Miriri stated: “I just heard about it now, I got it from the president.” “I don’t have permission or in a position to make comments regarding players not getting their salaries.” SunSport could not get hold of Chokoe as his phone rang unanswered. Last season when the Venda club were still in the GladAfrica, it was plagued by administrative and non-payment issues throughout the 2019-20 campaign. And now in the top flight, they seem to be still struggling from the same thing. Safpu vice President Tebogo Monyai said they are still investigating the matter. He told SunSport: “We are yet to get a confirmation from a single-player from Tshakhuma. "The chairman just called us and we heard his side of the story. Now we need to hear the players’ side of the matter. “Once we have got the truth we will then sit with the players and try to find a way forward. The salaries are paid through bank accounts and if the chairman says they were paid then we will need to see the bank statements and everything. So the matter is still under investigation.”