Award-winning group Mafikizolo have bared their hearts to Mzansi in their new music video for their latest single, Thandolwethu. The duo, for the first time in their long-standing careers, have included visuals of their immediate family members in the music video. Mafikizolo, which consists of Nhlanhla Nciza and Theo Kgosinkwe, this week showcased the music video at a private screening at the Garden Venue in Northriding, Joburg. Among the guests were musicians NaLingi hitmaker, Manu Worldstar and his girlfriend, singer Mariechan Luiters as well as Kwesta and his wife Yolanda Vilakazi. Speaking to Daily Sun, Theo said this was the first time the group had decided to get personal with the music video production. ALSO READ:DECEMBER STIRS UP SAD MEMORIES FOR SHO MADJOZI “We looked at the word love and we realised it was not just between two people in a romantic relationship. We wanted to expand this concept and embrace everyone who is in a relationship, be it mothers, brothers or daughters. “We brought different relationships from different backgrounds and in addition to that, we had cameos from our families,” he said. “My mom and dad are there, my son, my wife and her younger brother are there. For Nhlanhla she brought part of her family, her son and his cousin,” he said. A sentimental moment for both musicians was paying tribute to their family members who had passed on. Theo said he lost his younger brother five years ago after he was shot. For Nhlanhla, she paid tribute to her daughter Zinani who passed away in 2009 after being involved in a tragic car accident. “We are basically opening up to the world. I guess this was a spiritual journey for us to include our families in what we normally do,” said Theo. Nhlanhla said the video had to be shot in two days, which was a first for the duo because there were three different locations that had to be explored. “The one was the studio, the other was a beautiful garden set-up and the other was in our township in Kagiso,” said Nhlanhla.