Christmas has come really early for football fans. From today the very best of the Premier League, La Liga, Champions League and WWE collide in the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud, right here exclusively to Daily Sun and DailySun.co.za. WWE Champion Drew McIntyre, NXT Champion Finn Bálor and WWE Superstars Sheamus and Cesaro will go head-to-head for the first time to decide who really is the smartest football fan in the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud by predicting the score for seven top matches airing live on SuperSport. And a very special guest has stepped up to compete with the WWE football fanatics: South African rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer and entrepreneur AKA. The music guru is a fan of Manchester United and passionate about WWE, which inspired his latest album release, Bhovamania. Will AKA let his love of WWE get in the way of beating his in-ring heroes? Stay tuned to the Daily Sun and DailySun.co.za to find out. The seven games selected feature some of the world’s best teams and players including current Premier League champions, Liverpool, Spanish champions, Real Madrid, Italian giants, Juventus, who have won nine straight Serie A titles, plus Barcelona, Tottenham, Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester United, Manchester City, Ajax and Atletico Madrid. For the WWE Superstars there’s more than just the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud title at stake, there’s pride and bragging rights in the WWE locker room. The Celtic Warrior, Sheamus, is a lifelong Liverpool fan, while NXT champ Finn Bálor is a diehard Spurs supporter. Those two teams go at it in a spectacular crunch game on December 16. Meanwhile, the cultured brawler Cesaro speaks five European languages and supports Manchester City, and even beat former tag-teammate Sheamus in a penalty shootout on the pitch at City’s Etihad Stadium. Cesaro has a little friendly dig at Sheamus in this Q&A and also gives his opinion on the greatest footballer of all time, whether Juventus can make it 10 league titles in a row and whether it’s time we saw a South African player break through to the top ranks of the beautiful game Cesaro has a little friendly dig at Sheamus.@SuperSportTV @akaworldwide @WWECesaro @WWESheamus @DMcIntyreWWE pic.twitter.com/Y9dCg90DHm Drew McIntyre is a proud Scot and supporter of Glasgow team, Rangers, but in the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud the current WWE Champion will be determined to use his winning ways to achieve fantasy soccer supremacy. Who will take the title and the glory? You can follow all the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud action right here in the Daily Sun and online on our website and social channels, with score predictions before each game, plus exclusive content including interviews with all the Superstars about their football fandom and even some trash talking as the league lights up. Don't miss all the Premier League, LaLiga and UEFA Champions League on SuperSport this December, beginning with tonight’s UCL match between Liverpool and Ajax on SS Premier League, channel 203 at 21:55 Here are the dates you need to remember: Tuesday, December 1 - Liverpool vs Ajax (Champions League) Saturday, December 5 - Tottenham vs Arsenal (Premier League) Tuesday, December 8 - Barcelona vs Juventus (Champions League) Saturday, December 12 - Manchester United vs Manchester City (Premier League) Saturday, December 12 – Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid (La Liga) Wednesday, December 16 - Liverpool vs Tottenham (Premier League) Saturday, December 26 - Arsenal vs Chelsea (Premier League) Round 1 Prediction: Tuesday, December 1 - Liverpool vs Ajax (Champions League) WWE Champion Drew McIntyre: Liverpool 3 – Ajax 0 WWE NXT Champion Finn Bálor: Liverpool 2 – Ajax 0 WWE Superstar Cesaro: Liverpool 3 – Ajax 2 WWE Superstar Sheamus: Liverpool 3 – Ajax 2 Rapper AKA: Liverpool 2 – Ajax 0 visit https://supersport.com/football   · 