  The youth of Moretele in North West marched to the Moretele College which has since been converted to government offices on Friday. According to the youth the Moretele College now caters the department of education, traffic, agriculture, fire emergency services, public works and SASSA. They said they are now demanding a college in Moretele urgently and the process of it must start in January. They also demanded that all Curriculum Vitaes that they have submitted to be considered for employment opportunities. ANC Youth League subregional convener in Moretele, Ofentse Macheke said they want the college now. He said they submitted a memorandum which hold youth grievances regarding the reopening of the college. "We want youth empowerment and employment when it comes to department education." "We want youth to be hired in all of these departments," he said.  He said that they need radical economic transformation to be brought into their community. "We want business from the department of education to benefit young people." He also said they demand a database of all companies they have awarded tenders as they believe are not from Moretele. "We demand that all teachers who are on contract to be permanent," he said. Macheke said if the department fail to turn the facility into a college, they should build another one. Former COSAS President John Macheke said these workers working in the department are not from Moretele. "They turned our college into offices as if education is not important. "When we come back next time, we will be angry and will barricade roads," he said. He said they will also stage a sit into the offices to stop the operation in the departments. COSAS national executive Koketso Macheke said they are disappointed with the execution of how departments were unfolding thier processes. "We don't have young people from Moretele hired in these offices," he said. Moretele College subdictrict manager Makganye Tlhapi received the memorandum. "We will respond as soon as possible," he said  