Archbishop Thabo Makgoba has urged that, when Covid-19
vaccines arrive, they be used for public good and not for profit. Makgoba was speaking at a Christmas Eve Mass at the St
George's Cathedral in Cape Town on Thursday, where he condemned the corruption
taking place amid the coronavirus pandemic. He said the story of the pandemic should be about the
self-sacrifice and dedicated service to others, of nurses, doctors and other
health workers, who have worked long hours, at great risk, to treat the sick -
and of health scientists and civil servants, who worked tirelessly to protect
people in finding new ways to fight the virus. Makgoba said: "Sometimes, maybe more often than
occasionally, it is easy to feel paralysed: there are so many places of
apparently never-ending conflict. Corruption continues even when we have booted
the corrupt from power; the government tolerates the leeches whose response to
Covid-19 was overcharging, price gouging and financially raping our country and
our neediest. And our society seems continually blind to what I call the
"inequality of equality", the persistence of inequality, despite our
proclaimed commitment to equality...." He said, this year, people should perhaps use Christmas to
stop focusing on self-preservation and start giving instead of getting - not
giving material gifts bought in an atmosphere of feverish consumerism, but
rather giving hope and practical help to the elderly, the unemployed, the
disabled and the marginalised. Makgoba said efforts to stand up to corruption need to be
intensified for it to be eradicated from political life. He said politics that did not pay "lip service to the
poor" was needed. He said society must seize the moment to rethink its
priorities, and consider the value of what it wants to achieve. "We need to think big, and commit to act on our dreams
in our daily lives. We have already seen the benefit of thinking big, in the
remarkably rapid development of Covid-19 vaccines. "Now it is our moral duty to share our vaccine know-how
in the world and to ensure the vaccines must be for the public good and not for
profit," Makgoba said. SOURCE: NEWS24