CELEBRITY fashion designer Quiteria Kekana is drowning in debt. Recently, he took to Instagram to let the cat out of the bag about his financial woes. This after he parted ways with his former partner, George Malelu. Quiteria made another shocking revelation that he was never compensated for his work on US singer Beyoncé’s dress for Global Citizen. The dress was a collaboration between George and actress Enhle Mbali Mlotshwa. He and George founded the fashion label Quiteria and George. Speaking to Daily Sun, Quiteria said: “I’ve been drowning in debt. It’s getting too much for me.” But he declined to disclose the amount owed to him. He said they made 48 garments that were never worn by Beyoncé and were bailed out by Enhle Mbali to make the final dress. “I’m grateful to Nkosinathi and Enhle Mbali who helped me out. “Right now, I don’t even want it (the payment). That’s how painful that process was,” he said. “I want you to hear it from me directly. It was never Beyoncé’s fault on payments. We were supposed to rectify the invoice and follow it up,” he said. According to Quiteria, he had to close his clothing shop in Joburg since lockdown because he was unable to pay the rent. When asked who is meant to pay him for his Global Citizen work, he said: “I actually don’t want to it. I don’t even want to mention the amount. For me, it’s not about the money. I’m recognised internationally.” A source close to Quiteria told Daily Sun they were worried about who actually got the tender and why they didn’t pay the designers. “We need to ask ourselves who got the tender and why after three years the designers didn’t get compensated for work done. Remember, both Quiteria and George designed the dress and Enhle’s contribution was financial in terms of sourcing the fabric,” said the source. Enhle Mbali’s publicist Tlhogi Ngwato said: “Regrettably, we have no comment as Mbali was a collaborator on the project with Quiterria and George.” George didn’t respond to calls and text messages sent to him at the time of publication.