IT was a case of two points dropped than one point gained for Mamelodi Sundowns when they played to a 1-1 draw with Maritzburg United. The Brazilians' co-coach, Steve Komphela, who addressed the post-match media briefing after Manqoba Mngqithi was flashed with a red card by referee Victor Gomes, believes they could have made thing better for themselves by scoring all the chances they created. "We had a chance in the first and second half. I think Peter (Shalulile) could have left the ground with two goals scored, but again, as it always goes, if you don't take your chances you pay the price and we dropped two points," Komphela said. Goldedn boy Themba Zwane opening the scoring proceedings for the match at the Harry Gwana Stadium in KwaZulu-Natal in the first half before Kwanda Mngonyama equalised in the second stanza. But Komphela has attributed Maritzburg's improved performance to the tactics applied by their new coach Ernst Middendorp. "Difficult match and clearly one came here fully understanding that Maritzburg are going through a spell and they just got a new coach. Based on the fact that the coach is new, there would be great energy, enthusiasm, fighting and in terms of how they do things, this indeed is what we have experienced," he said. "Coming to the goal we conceded, I thought it was too soft and we could have done better, another goal conceded from set play and we know how critical these set plays are. We just regret that we couldn't defend that set play. But at the end of the day one has to complement Maritzburg  while we regret dropping two points." He added that they couldn't create the space based on the compact approach by Maritzburg... "centrally it got conjested". "Interestingly, the first half was not the same as second," he said while complementing Middendorp for his change in tactics and said that is what coaches get paid for. "They are not a bad side. It happens in football where you get a good side going through a spell and results are not forthcoming. But again in the DStv Premiership, there are no small teams. Whether you go to No 16 or 15, they fight for their lives. But I thought with Maritzburg today the energy brought by the new coach, the enthusiasm by the players wanting to get a win. "Sundowns have been winning matches and you know how it goes in football, the minute you start getting points and winning then everybody starts expecting more. We needed to be better prepared which we did but unfortunately we suffered a setback in a set play. They fought hard, battled but we didn't convert chances and we regret that."