THE sheriff is in town and his target is Eldorado Park cop shop in the south of Joburg! This after SAPS wrongfully dismissed Bafana Dube on charges of fraud and extortion. The SAPS allegedly refused to reinstate him, even though the court ruled in his favour. Dube’s legal representative Advocate Malesela Teffo told Daily Sun his client was unfairly dismissed and the sheriff ordered the repossession of furniture and a fleet of six vehicles to compensate Dube for the R450 000 owed to him. Teffo said Dube was caught at the wrong place at the wrong time when his colleagues threatened to tell a civilian’s wife they caught him with a magosha. “At the time, which was 2010, Dube was on leave when the civilian gave the constable on duty R80 and promised to give them the remaining R420 when he gets paid. Unfortunately for Dube, he was back working night shift with the constable who asked him to accompany him to his ‘friend’,” said Teffo. He said the civilian reported the bribe demand and they were set up while collecting the cash. Teffo said they had several court orders against the SAPS to have them reinstate and compensate Dube. “They only reinstated him for a month in July 2012, but refused to pay him, saying his case was being reviewed and he should stop working. “Dube continued to work without pay for 29 months until we advised him to stop. He lost his house in Pimville and had to go back to KZN. His kids also had to change schools and suffered a great deal because of this case.” The acting Eldos station commander told Teffo he only took over the station on Tuesday and knew nothing about the matter. “He asked me to give him until Monday to allow him to speak to SAPS legal about this. He promised to hand over the station to us to do what we must should he not get back to us by 10am.” Teffo explained to the SunTeam the visit to the station was to verify the items attached by the sheriff. Gauteng provincial head of communications Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said she knew nothing about the incident.