A 15-year-old girl from Makhaya in Khayelitsha, Cape Town, was gang-raped. According to the family, the incident happened last week but the suspects are roaming the streets. The girl’s older sister told Daily Sun: “We are shocked about how cops are handling this case. All the six people who raped my sister are still roaming the street. We had to send my little sister away because she cannot face her abusers.” She said when they asked cops why they had not been arrested they were told they were still waiting for the DNA test results. “The suspects were arrested and spent only three hours in police cells. They then came out boosting that they didn’t even spend the night in jail, while my sister is suffering and can’t sleep.” According to the sister, the victim had gone to the shop but took very long to come back so they started worrying. “We went out to look for her and then we saw four boys coming out of a shack. We went to check in the shack and that’s when we found the two other boys fixing their trousers. We rushed inside and found her lying in bed,” she said. She said her little sister was not moving. “We don’t know what they gave her. We took her home before taking her to the hospital where it was confirmed that indeed she was raped.” She said they are angry because the people who raped her were supposed to wait for the DNA results in jail. “The law is taking the side of the perpetrators and instead of the victim. Women abuse will never end because our government has given suspects more rights than the victims. My sister had to move away while the suspects are still living their lives like they didn’t do anything wrong,” she said. She said they are also angry because the families of the suspects haven’t shown any remorse. “I heard the kids are between the ages of 16 and 18. If they were kids, they wouldn’t have raped my sister in the first place. They need to rot in jail,” she said. Captain Siyabulela Vukubi confirmed a case was opened and is investigated by the family violence, child protection and sexual offences unit in Khayelitsha. “The six suspects who are all juveniles were taken in and their buccal samples were drawn and taken to the lab,” said Vukubi. The FCS detectives are waiting for the results of the DNA.