MAMELODI Sundowns flop Jeremy Brockie has returned Down Under to join Australian side Bentleigh Greens. The New Zealand international has been without a club since his contract was not renewed at the Tshwane giants five months ago. Brockie had been hoping to return to SuperSport United after his unsuccessful loan stint at Maritzburg United, where he struggled to recapture the form that initially earned him a multi-million rand move to Sundowns. “We sold him for a club-record fee and if we can bring him back two years down the line for free to come and finish his mission of being the number one goalscorer in the history of the club, it would make sense,” SuperSport United CEO Stan Matthews was once quoted as saying. But Brockie, christened the “Sniper” by former Downs coach Pitso Mosimane, has been unveiled in Australia. “We are pleased to announce the signing of current New Zealand international Jeremy Brockie for the 2021 NPL season. Brockie comes to Bentleigh on the back of a very successful stint in South Africa with SuperSport United, Mamelodi Sundowns and Maritzburg United,” read a statement from Bentleigh. “Brockie has also represented Wellington Phoenix, Sydney FC, Newcastle Jets and North Queensland Fury in the A-League. We look forward to seeing Jeremy at Kingston Heath in 2021.” Brockie netted 54 goals for Matsatsantsa, helping them to two Nedbank Cup titles and a MTN8 crown. He was part of two Premier Soccer League (PSL) title winning squads at Sundowns, though the contribution was minimal mainly due to a lack of regular game time. In a bid to get game time, the 33-year-old joined Maritzburg on loan. But his luck couldn’t change as he found himself playing second fiddle to Judas Moseamedi and Thabiso Kutumela, scoring a single goal in 12 appearances. He had been hankering for another move to the A-League, but Bentleigh Greens, the upstarts based in Cheltenham, a south-east Melbourne suburb, came knocking. And Brockie couldn’t be happier back in familiar territory Down Under. “It’s been far too long out of the game since Covid hit. So I’m super excited to be on board Bentleigh Greens for the upcoming season,” said Brockie.