THE Zondo Commission has seen several witnesses come and go this year. But none left without being excused by commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, except for former president Jacob Zuma. Zuma left during a tea break after his application to have Zondo recuse himself failed. And this act of defiance led to a criminal charge being laid against him. Zuma believed Zondo was biased against him and raised “historical family relations”, as the reason for his application. But Zondo said the closest he and Zuma came to have a relation was when he was romantically involved with Zuma’s ex-wife Thobeka Madiba’s sister. Another person to defy Zondo was former SAA chairwoman, Dudu Myeni. She did this by revealing a witness who had been granted anonymity by Zondo. Zondo repeatedly tried to stop her, but she went on to name him, saying they were family and there was nothing to hide. Another pair that added spice to the commission proceedings were Advocate Dali Mpofu and Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan, who trended on social media for their war of words. At one stage Gordhan told Mpofu: “You are not me.” This after Mpofu warned him not to use a certain report to defend his answer, to which he replied: “Yes, I’m not you. Thank God.” But it did not end there. Mpofu turned the words Gordhan used to insult former Sars commissioner Tom Moyane on him. “Grow up Mr Gordhan, don’t be cheeky. How does that make you feel?” he asked Gordhan. The words were lifted from a transcript of a telephonic argument between the two men in 2017. “You must never again belittle African people in the way you did in this conversation. You must just not do it again, okay?” But it was not all serious stuff at the commission. Former South African Airways Technical board chairwoman Yakhe Kwinana left many in stitches when she took the inquiry into the kitchen with her magwinya analogy. She was testifying about the cancellation of the cooking contract in 2015, which was awarded to LSG Sky Chef, but SAA cancelled and gave it to its subsidiary, Air Chefs. Kwinana said this was her best decision at the company. “If my daughter sells fat cakes and someone next door is also selling fat cakes, why would I buy next door instead of supporting my daughter? I would not go next door to buy fat cakes and leave my child’s fat cakes here. Even if I had a challenge with them, I would say reduce the baking powder, add this and that so it could be to the customer’s satisfaction,” she said. Vuyisile Ndzeku’s testimony was one of the most bizarre. The former JM Aviation and Swissport SA director could not remember most of the things, including the date he got married. Despite earning hundreds of thousands as a director, he said he didn’t attend company meetings. He told the commission that he was used because he’s black. “I was only called when they needed a black face,” added Ndzeku.