MAMELODI Sundowns co-coach Steve Komphela says it augurs well that their poisonous front three of Kermit Erasmus, Peter Shalulile, and Themba Zwane have taken the league by storm. However, the former Golden Arrows coach played it down when it was suggested to him that they seem to be over-reliance on the trio. The statistics this season shows that Shalulile, Erasmus, and Zwane have contributed 85 percent of the goals scored by the tenth-time league champions this term. Of the 13 league goals scored by Sundowns so far, eleven of them have been scored by the deadly trio. Other players who scored the other two goals are Keletso Makgalwa and Lyle Lakay. “I cannot say we are over-reliance. I think we have only played six matches,” said Komphela. “I think it’ll be a desperate comment from me to accept that it is over-reliance on them. Yes, they have been scoring a lot of goals, playing beautiful football – if it’s not broken why fix it? “We drew a match against Maritzburg United and going forward we start to think as reliance, I don’t think so.” Coach Manqoba Mngqithi stated it clear after Sundowns defeated AmaZulu 4-3 last month that he wants to smash the record of 71 points achieved by the Tshwane giants in 2015-16 season under former coach Pitso Mosimane was his target. To be over-reliance on the trio is what Sundowns will need as that class of four years ago was built around the trio of Khama Billiat, Keagan Dolly, and Leanardo Castro which was known as CBD. Another important factor here is that, which Sundowns coaching trio (including Rulani Mokwena) will welcome is that Zwane, Erasmus, and Shalulile are also assisting each other. “As soon as you have three players, playing on top, hitting top form, getting the chemistry, emotional glue, you start to trust them,” added Komphela whose side face TS Galaxy at Loftus Stadium on Tuesday night (7.30pm). “Not dependency per se. But we accept and appreciate their contribution. There’s many more you can introduce but you are saying, the three who are doing it now are doing it very well. "They are getting goals, we are winning matches, then we are happy with that.”