SERIAL rapist Collen Fakude (48) of Boikhutso in Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga has been sentenced to 154 years plus three life imprisonment. He was sentenced on Friday 4 December after he was found guilty of rape, robbery with aggregating circumstances, possessions of unlicensed firearm and ammunition by the Mpumalanga Division of the High Court. He had pleaded not guilty to raping four women aged between 21 and 32 between 2017 and 2018. Detective Norah Dumisa and Detective Sergeant Bafana Malamule through their hard work arrested the suspect who was linked through DNA. READ: SKHOTHANES: DETAIN US OR LET US BE! One of the victims (21) told the court that she and her boyfriend were waiting for a taxi in Ramalema when they were accosted by the accused at gunpoint and forced into nearby bushes. Fakude forced her boyfriend to watch him as he raped her before robbing them of their belongings in 2017. The second victim (33) told the court that in February 2018 she was driving along Graskop Road from Bushbuckridge when she spotted a half-naked woman standing next to the road. “I stopped the car to offer help. As I was trying to understand what was going on, the accused quickly confronted me and pointed me with a gun. He forced me to the nearby bushes and raped me, before robbing me of my belongings,” said the victim. Another victim, aged 25, said she and her brother were forced by the accused at gunpoint to the bushes near Injaka Dam, where he forced her brother to watch as he raped her. SIGN UP FOR THE WEBINAR ON HOW MEN NEED TO SHOW UP TO FIGHT GBV Another woman (28) testified that the accused forced her and her boyfriend at gunpoint to the nearby bushes in Hlamalani Village, and forced her boyfriend to watch him as he raped her before robbing them of their belongings. Judge J Mali said the accused had showed no remorse. The court heard that in 2003 the accused was sentenced to 27 years imprisonment by Mhala Regional Court for rape, robbery and possession of unlicensed firearm, and he was released on parole in 2013.