ZODWA Kraai was allegedly kidnapped by her husband in September. Her family opened a case but she was released after negotiations with her husband’s family. But on 25 November, the 25-year-old from Cloverdene, near Davetron in Ekurhuleni, was kidnapped again and no one knows where she is. Her phone and her husband’s have been off since she disappeared. Her sister, Lizeka (33), said the family feared Zodwa had been murdered. Lizeka said her sister was taken while on her way to work.  “She left home to fetch two colleagues, and we’re told while they were waiting for a taxi her husband’s friend offered them a lift,” she said. According to Lizeka, the friend made a call while driving and stopped in Crystal Park to do shopping. “The two colleaguess told us Zodwa’s husband came from nowhere, got into the car, and demanded their cellphones,” she said. “They said Zodwa’s hubby ordered his friend to drive – fast! “They reached a plot in Crystal Park, where the husband ordered them out of the car. “They saw Zodwa being bundled into the boot of the car by him. “The two women were dumped there and had to hitch a ride to work.” Lizeka said when the colleagues got to work, they contacted Zodwa’s relatives in Cape Town, who phoned the family. Lizeka immediately went to Crystal Park cop shop to open a case! She said: “He was abusive and there was a time my sister ran away to Durban. He lured her back, saying he was going to pay lobola for her.” Lizeka said the husband used to beat her sister in public. Zodwa’s mum NoAmen (63) said: “All I want is for my daughter to come back.” Captain Pearl van Stad confirmed that a case was opened. She said cops did interrogate the driver, who said he’d dropped the suspect and Zodwa off at the suspect’s father’s house in Vosloorus in Ekurhuleni. When police went to the house, the suspect wasn’t there. On the day Zodwa was kidnapped, she was wearing a grey KFC work shirt, blue jeans and black sneakers. Anyone with information can call Constable Mojela on 078 467 3792 or the CrimeStop number, 08600 10111.