IF it were possible, Ernst Middendorp would have loved to come face-to-face with Pitso Mosimane and ask him: “Why?”. The successful Al Ahly coach spoiled Middendorp’s career this year when he was still at Kaizer Chiefs when Mosimane snatched the Premiership title right under the German’s nose, who led the pack for the entire season. But this weekend’s DStv Premiership clash, pitting Maritzburg United and Mamelodi Sundowns at Harry Gwala Stadium on Saturday night (8.15pm), would make for an interesting watch, following Middendorp’s reappointment as Maritzburg coach to replace axed Eric Tinkler. Middendorp return to the Maritzburg bench for the first time since 2016 when he left the club under a cloud to join Bloemfontein Celtic. Be that as it may, Middendorp is surely eager to vent his anger and frustration on Sundowns’ new combo termed: “Shadrack, Meshack and Abednego” which comprise co-coaches – Manqoba Mngqithi, Steve Komphela and Rhulani Mokwena. Middendorp, who came rushing back to South Africa from Ethiopia where he spent a month with Saint George FC, would calm his nerves by defeating Sundowns. But he’ll have to pull a rabbit out of the hat with Kermit Erasmus, Themba Zwane and Peter Shalulile in a form of their lives. Middendorp is said to be ready to unsettle Downs with his tactical system, according to his assistant Delron Buckley. “The training sessions Middendorp put in this week were tight. He was asking players to get stuck into tackles, duels and play in tight positions,” said Buckley, who was in charge when Maritzburg lost 2-1 to SuperSport United last Friday while Middendorp was waiting for his technical card. “The players have responded to that very well and their fitness levels have picked up, which is good for us. If you’re losing games, it’s not pleasant. That is why we’re working hard toward this game against Sundowns.” Buckley said they believe victory will change their fortunes. He and Middendorp know how to upset Sundowns. When the former Bafana Bafana winger joined Maritzburg under Middendorp, ahead of the 2012-13 season, they beat Sundowns 2-1 in a league game at Lucas Moripe Stadium. Buckley netted both goals for United. “I’ve shared my experience with the players. If you want to beat Sundowns, you must pick up your game and pull up your socks,” Buckley said.