Four of the six 2020-21 DStv Premiership matches this weekend ended in draws with two wins on Sunday afternoon. League leaders and defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns became the first team to drop points against bottom-of-the-log Maritzburg United, in one of four matches played in South Africa’s top-flight on Saturday – all of which ended in draws. Themba Zwane scored his sixth goal in as many matches but the Brazilians were denied all three points by Kwanda Mngonyama as the Team of Choice conjured their first point of the campaign in Saturday's night game. Earlier on Saturday, Golden Arrows were held 1-1 at home by Swallows FC, as both sides continued their unbeaten starts to the season. The Birds claimed the lead through Zaphaniah Mbokoma, but Abafana Bes’thende hit back through a free-kick from Nduduzo Sibiya. At the same time, Cape Town City and Orlando Pirates played to a thrilling 2-2 draw at the Danie Craven Stadium. The Citizens twice led through great goals from Mduduzi Mdantsane and Abbubaker Mobara, but the Buccaneers’ Vincent Pule netted a brace to see them maintain their unbeaten status. A third draw of the day followed in the early-evening clash, with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila fighting back to hold AmaZulu 1-1 at the Thohoyandou Stadium. Usuthu led through Luvoyo Memela, but TTM struck back with a leveller from Rhulani Manzini. On Sunday, Baroka FC moved up to third spot on the league standings with a 2-1 win over Chippa United in Polokwane. Goals from Evidence Makgopa and Richard Mbulu followed Sandile Mthethwa's opener at Peter Mokaba Stadium. The Chilli Boys ended the game with 10-men following Mduduzi Sibeko's sending off for a second bookable offence. Stellenbosch FC scored a late goal to condemn TS Galaxy to their first defeat of the campaign in Sunday's other fixture at Mbombela Stadium. Stanley Dimgba scored the only goal of the game, his first goal for the club following his move from Enyimba last month. There is only one match scheduled for the coming week with Kaizer Chiefs to host Black Leopards at FNB Stadium on Tuesday evening. The MTN8 final between Bloemfontein Celtic and Mamelodi Sundowns is set to take place at Moses Mabhida Stadium next Saturday. RESULTS: Saturday, 5 December Cape Town City 2-2 Orlando Pirates Golden Arrows 1-1 Swallows FC Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila 1-1 AmaZulu Maritzburg United 1-1 Mamelodi Sundowns Sunday, 6 December Baroka FC 2-1 Chippa United TS Galaxy 0-1 Stellenbosch FC  -SuperSport