 Basic Education Minister's announcement that matric pupil will have to rewrite their Mathematics Paper 2 and Physical Science paper 2 has not been received well by some of the education stake holders. The South African Teachers Union (SADTU) and Congress of South African Students (COSAS) have threatened to take Minister Angie Motshekga to challenge her on the rewriting of the two question papers that were leaked. Motshekga announced during a media briefing on Friday that Mathematics Paper 2 will be re-written on 15 November and the Physical Science Paper on 17 November. She said it was not an easy decision to take but one which is necessary under the circumstances. "It is clear that the people responsible for leaking the question papers are adults." "Council of Education Ministers appreciates the work being done by the Directorate for Priority Crime Investigations, The Hawks," she said. She also welcomed the arrest that has been made and said they hope more arrests will follow. It is alleged that an employee of a Johannesburg-based company that the department had contracted to print matric exam papers, has been arrested following an investigation by the Hawks. "We really need to send a strong message that tampering with national examination is a serious offence," she said. Meanwhile, SADTU spokesman Mugwena Maluleke said the decision for the rewrite was irrational and they are not in support of it. He said the evidence is that the 195 learners that might have seen the papers, not only seen but some of them might not even have practiced that paper out of 391 000 learners. "This cannot justify that all learners must re-write. We need to consider the mental state of our children who have been preparing this thing under very difficult circumstances," he said. Cosas called on pupils not to re-write the exam. Cosas national spokeswoman Douglas Ngobeni said the Department was playing around. He said they reject the rewriting of the paper and their pupils must not go to the classrooms to write the paper. "We are also taking the Department of Basic Education to court to stop that arrangement," he said However Education Activist Hendrick Makaneta said Motshekga’s Matric rewrite announcement promotes fairness and will add credibility to the National Senior Certificate Assessments. “The Minister’s decision to allow learners to rewrite Mathematics Paper 2 and Physical Science Paper 2 will promote fairness to the National Senior Certificate assessments, particularly for those learners who took the time and the trouble to prepare for the examinations during some of the most difficult times in the history of the terrain of education in South Africa." "The decision will certainly go a long way to restore confidence in the quality of assessments," he said 