Thugs have stolen from my ancestors! This is according to a sangoma who said six man and a woman, who were pretending to be clients, stole money and booze from her indumba. The sangoma said the thugs have started a war with her ancestors and it will end in tears. The sangoma said the thugs came to her house in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni, last week. The 40-year-old, who’s in hiding, said one man and a woman went inside her indumba for consultation. “Before I could start the consultation the woman asked to go to the toilet, leaving the man with me. “Within a few minutes, I heard there was someone outside who needed my urgent attention because he had stomach pains. I prepared muthi and asked my sister to give it to him.” But it turned out the man was pretending to be sick.  Instead of drinking the muthi, he took a gun out and held all the people who were there hostage. “He was so violent. He even hit two men with his gun on their heads. His accent showed he’s not South African. He bullied everyone telling them he’s not scared of us and the ancestors.” She said the man who was inside her indumba pulled out a gun and demanded money. “He put his hands on my breast and took some cash from me. Then the woman came back inside the indumba holding a gun. “They asked me for more money, I told them I don’t have any. The man took out a cellphone from his pocket and called someone.” She said the man asked the person on the phone why they had lied about the sangoma having money. “The man told me to give them the money in the indumba. He said the person he was talking to on the phone said there’s money hidden inside buckets. “They ransacked my indumba and found money.” She said the other thugs also robbed tenants and clients of their cellphones and money. “It is clear these thugs were given information about me and they knew what they were looking for. “I heard they arrived in the morning looking for me but I was not at home. They then came back in the afternoon.” The sangoma said the incident has left her traumatised. “Since the incident happened, I don’t sleep at night. I always have nightmares and the picture of what happened runs through my mind.” The sangoma’s relative, who is also a gobela, said the thugs will suffer for the rest of their lives. “We have left everything in the hands of our ancestors. They will avenge for our sister.  “The worse part is the thugs had the guts to tell our sister that muthi will not work if she tried to bewitch them. “As a family, we know that our ancestors are watching and they will deal with the thugs, “ she said. The gobela said the heartless thugs also stole the kids Christmas clothes. He said one of the tenants who was robbed of his cellphone was asked why he didn’t go to work. “It shows these thugs knew about us before they came to rob us,” she said. One of the tenants told Daily Sun the incident has left everyone in shock. He said some tenants have moved out because they fear the thugs will strike again. Katlehong North Police Station spokesman, Captain Lesetja Mathobela said a house robbery case has been opened. He said the suspects pretended to be seeking help from the sangoma. He said: “The suspects who were armed with guns threatened the sangoma, the clients and tenants. “They demanded money and a male suspect took out a firearm. The victim gave them an amount of R4 000 and they said it was not enough. They then stole R7 000 and R2 500. They then took eight cellphones from other people coming for consultation and they just walked away.” Anyone who has information on the incident is urged to contact their nearest cop shop or CrimeStop on 08600 10111.