AL Ahly are forging ahead in their unrelenting pursuit of Gaston Sirino. The Egyptian giants have the Uruguayan in their radar in recent weeks, but they have admitted negotiations are proving tough as his club Mamelodi Sundowns refuse to let go of their best asset. Sirino has handed in his transfer request at Sundowns as he looks to joining the newly crowned Caf Champions League champions and reunite with his former coach, Pitso Mosimane. It’s understood the five-year contract he signed months ago will be a major stumbling block for Ahly and their offer to Downs is said be to be negotiated in bad faith. “It’s possible to delay the negotiations with him for another period, this is possible,” according to a report quoting Al Ahly’s football director Sayed Abdel-Hafiz. “I don’t have the finer details of the negotiations with Sirino. The file is currently in the hands of the Head of Transfers Amir Tawfik.” But he did confirm “Some of our foreign players are nearing to exit the club”, suggesting the club were clearing space for their targets and new signings. The transfer window period in Egypt will shut down on Friday, while in South Africa it closed on Monday midnight. Sirino has extended his contract with five years, which should keep him at Chloorkop until 2025. The club are not eager to let him go and Sirino has confirmed several meetings have taken place between the two parties. With the transfer window closed, it’s unlikely he’ll leave anytime soon. Mosimane, who guided Al Ahly in the Egypt Cup semi-final last night, has already brought in Badr Benoun from Raja Casablanca. Geraldo and Aliou Badji are reportedly the two set to be offloaded to create further space for foreign players. They have already recruited high-profile signings, bringing in Benoun, Taher Mohamed Taher, and Ahmed Ramadan Beckham. And with a host of cup matches to play, leading up to the Fifa Club World Cup, Mosimane will want to further strengthen his squad. Sirino hasn’t featured much for the Brazilians this season, having played only one match, owing to a hamstring injury. Co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi, however, dismissed talks of the team sidelining the midfield star due to the transfer speculation. He explained they didn’t want to rush him back after he suffered a grade two hamstring.