Sinovuyo Mabhanga (39) from Gugulethu in Cape Town is shocked after finding her father’s tombstone damaged at the Delft Cemetery. Speaking to Daily Sun, Sinovuyo said last month she had a dream about her father. “My father died in 2010 but since last month, he has been coming in my dreams. I never took note of the dreams until this week,” she said. She decided to go to her father’s grave but to her surprise, the tombstone was damaged. “I couldn’t hold back my tears when I saw his grave damaged. Who in their right mind can do this to my father’s grave?” asked Sinovuyo. She spent almost an hour at the grave trying to figure out what happened. “It is clear that when he was coming in my dreams he was reporting this damage. I never took the dreams seriously until last week when I started dreaming about him almost every day,” she said. Sinovuyo asked the security guards at the cemetery if they knew what had happened but they didn’t give her a straight answer. “I decided not to waste my time by wanting answers from them. I’m just glad that my father came to me in my dreams. He was showing me that he is feeling cold. I will make sure I fix his grave,” she said. She told Daily Sun that people shouldn’t ignore their dreams as they might be saying something to them. “It is clear that the first time he appeared in my dreams was the time his grave was damaged. I ignored the dream but I’m glad he didn’t stop coming until I decided to go and see him,” said Sinovuyo. She said those who buried their loved ones in Cape Town must know they are not resting in peace. “Go visit your loved ones where you buried them, even if it’s twice a month because a lot is happening in those cemeteries. Our people are not resting at all. They are being disturbed,” said Sinovuyo. She said she told her dad she’d fix his grave at the end of January. “I asked him to be patient until next year and I hope he heard me,” said Sinovuyo. Sdumo “Dudulutshaba” Viwe, a sangoma from Langa, said Sinovuyo’s father was visiting her in her dreams so that she can go and see his grave. “He was not going to stop showing up until she visited and saw the damage in his grave. these things have been happening for a long time. She must just do the right thing,” said Dudulutshaba. He said people need to take what they dream about seriously because that’s how the ancestors communicate with them