KAIZER Chiefs’ struggles have been well documented. But midfielder Lebogang Manyama believes they are not too far off from turning the corner. The 30-year-old Tembisa-born star said Chiefs can take a lot of positives from their last performance against SuperSport United, even though they lost the match. But he insists they need to eradicate the individual mistakes that have characterised their matches so far. Chiefs face a dangerous Bloemfontein Celtic outfit at the FNB Stadium on Saturday (6pm). “We lost arguably the best game we have played all season as a team and as individuals,” said Manyama, who scored his first goal of the season last time out. Manyama had been rather underwhelming until then, one of the reasons Amakhosi have been a shadow of the team that almost won the league title last season. “There were a lot of positives to take from the defeat to SuperSport,” added Manyama. “We can’t really speak about the mistakes because they speak for themselves. “We know we are not supposed to make such mistakes, but we are working on them. “We need to show the same energy and the same hunger and obviously make fewer mistakes. Celtic are another club that are unbelievable on the break. They just lost a final but they bounced back immediately. Manyama is aware of the danger posed by Phunya Sele Sele and said they will have to keep a close eye on players such as Ndumiso Mabena, Tebogo Potsane and Lantshane Phalane. “The core of that team is very strong,” remarked Manyama. “But we know what to expect. They are very good on the ball and quick on the counter. “The onus is on us to show the same performance we did against SuperSport, but take our chances when they come.” Manyama’s teammate, midfielder Dumisani Zuma, who had an impressive return from injury against Matsatsantsa, will be hoping to kick on and cement his place in the team. And he needs no motivation against his former employers Celtic. “I’m happy to be back,” said Zuma. “I’m expecting a tough clash against Celtic. “They gave us problems last season and I expect them to be a tough opponent this time around. “But we have to show ourselves, our performances are improving and we need to come back stronger. “We are now getting to understand what the coach wants from us as the performances have been showing.”