ORLANDO Pirates won’t go to Luanda bearing Christmas gifts. The Buccaneers travel to Angola to face Sagandra Esperanca with a simple mission – to collect maximum points in their Caf Confederation Cup first round fixture today (4pm,SA time). The trip comes slap bang in the middle of Christmas festivities, but Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer is in no charitable mood. “We are happy we can go to Caf now. Yes, it’s Christmas time but we have no gifts for the opponent. We have to fight for points,” said Zinnbauer. “We have a special time (the festive period). It’s a trip close to Christmas and it’s not easy for the players. Maybe they want to be with family and need to buy a lot of gifts, maybe for their families.” Zinnbauer has worked hard to keep his players level headed after their MTN8 triumph, fighting the hangover which usually creeps in after major cup victories. They edged Chippa United 1-0 in a DStv Premiership match as they extended their unbeaten run to 11 games. He has so far succeeded in instilling his philosophy in the team, which hadn’t won a cup in six years. But now he has to maintain the winning mentality and take Bucs far in the Confederation Cup. Travelling on the continent is usually a daunting mission, not made any easier by the current pandemic which makes trips far more difficult. Zinnbauer has done his homework on his opponents and knows pretty much what to expect. “We are football players and we have to concentrate fully on this game. It’s a long trip for us. It’s not easy for the club to manage, but we have to fight for a point or more,” Zinnbauer added. “We have information about the team and we know what we have to do against them. It’s not going to be an easy game for us because away games are always difficult on the continent. The opponent is not so bad and they look good because I have watched them together with the other coaches when we were analysing them.” The Soweto giants will pin their hopes on the scoring prowess of winger Deon Hotto to ensure they return home with maximum points.