KASI lensman Teddy Sambu was robbed and lost his equipment in Harare, Khayelitsha last Wednesday. Since then, cops have allegedly not done anything to help him. Three men robbed him at gunpoint and took his phones, cameras, hard drives and other equipment. He had just taken pictures at a kitchen party in the area. After the incident, he took the brave yet dangerous decision to follow the robbers. He saw the shack they entered and informed the police, but he got a disappointing answer. “I told the police that I know where the men stayed. “The lady cop who attended to me told me they couldn’t go there but would investigate the matter first. “What was there to investigate when I had shown them the robbers’ shack?” said a frustrated Teddy. “If they reacted timeously, I would have recovered my equipment, but now chances are high that they have already sold my stuff,” he said. The biggest headache he has is that the stolen cameras and phones had pictures that were in a hard drive. He had pictures for his clients for wedding, funerals and other ceremonies. “I did not have a phone since the incident happened. I only did a sim swap yesterday and already people are asking about the pictures,” he said. The day after his equipment was stolen, the robbers tapped out money from his account. “I didn’t know that my bank card had an option to tap and does not need a password. They swiped out more than R3 000 in the space of 30 minutes,” he said. When he tracked it, the money was withdrawn from swiping machines from spaza shops. Teddy told the SunTeam his equipment was not insured and he would have to start afresh to buy expensive cameras. “This is a lesson to me, though. I learnt the hard way. When you buy expensive equipment, it is important to insure it,” he said. Police spokesman Frederick Van Wyk said: “According to reports, the complainant was allegedly robbed at gunpoint by three unknown suspects and his belongings were taken. The alleged incident took place at Endlovini informal settlement in Harare on Wednesday, 16 December and the complainant opened the case on Thursday, 17 December. It is, however, advised that should the complainant feel that his case was not handled to his satisfaction, he should lay a formal complaint at Harare SAPS management so that the matter could be investigated.”