THERE is a new twist in the race for the plum SA Football Association CEO post. SunSport has reliably learnt that Safa president Danny Jordaan is in favour of well respected businessman Happy Ntshingila compared to acting Safa CEO Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe, who earlier emerged as the favourite for the top job. Safa earlier whittled the CEO shortlist down to three – Ntshingila, Motlanthe and Lydia Monyepao. These individuals have faced rigorous independent interviews for the job. Safa will name the new CEO next month. In Motlanthe’s favour is that he is a lawyer and was able to plot a turnaround strategy to see Safa record a surplus of R53 million this year compared to a loss of R74,5 million in last year’s financial statement. Despite all that, he is said to be facing strong competition from Ntshingila, who is well versed when it comes to corporate governance. Ntshingila brought Absa as the headline sponsors to the PSL in 2007 before the commercial bank left as sponsors of the league last season. This is likely to work in his favour as the PSL reached the R1 billion mark last year in its financial statement for the first time, and Safa is cash-strapped and in need of more corporate sponsors coming on board, something Motlanthe doesn’t have in his portfolio. There are those within the Safa hierarchy who want Monyepao to be appointed as the COO. Our insider revealed: “Danny Jordaan is quietly in favour of Happy Ntshingila than Motlanthe.” Another source said: “I will not discount the theory that Danny wants Happy to become the CEO. He sees Happy as someone who has a good reputation and can bring back some top corporate companies to sponsor Safa because of his contacts in the corporate world. “While that is what Danny believes in, I think Happy has been out of the game for a while and might not bring the return on investment immediately. “My position is that we should give Tebogo Motlanthe an opportunity to continue in this role. “He has done well so far and he is an experienced lawyer. “He has no baggage of football politics, so he can therefore be neutral and concentrate on the job at hand. “I would then say we give Lydia Monyepao the COO position so she can grow within the organisation and be ready to take over as CEO when the time is right. “So far she ticks all the boxes as a young black woman with top qualifications. Giving her the big role now might not benefit both the organisation and her career. It’s a big job.” However, another source within Safa had a different view: “From my understanding, Danny will go for Motlanthe unless Ntshingila is bringing big sponsors on board, then it could be a surprising change.”