FAMILIES have been spending time together – even during this difficult festive season. But sadly, the Lakay family dinner table in Cape Town has been minus one member, Lyle. It’s not the first time the Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder will have to spend his Christmas away from loved ones. Last year, the Capetonian spent his Christmas in faraway in Algeria as Sundowns travelled on Caf Champions League assignment. “This year it was a bit better as I’ve been with my wife and sister in Joburg for Christmas,” said Lakay. The trio couldn’t go home as they feared they might contract the deadly Coronavirus. “The family down in the Cape understands the situation we find ourselves in,” he said. “It’s quite scary when you look at the number of people who are dying. What’s ever more sad is that people don’t follow the regulations, but complain when the President comes with harsher restrictions.” It’ll be the same on New Year’s Day as the team will be back at training. Lakay and his teammates are already preparing for the resumption of the DStv Premiership this Saturday. Sundowns square up with Orlando Pirates in a keenly-awaited blockbuster at oftus Stadium on Saturday (3pm). The free-kick specialist doesn’t hide his teammates’ ambition to defend the league title and go as far as the Champions League finals. “We’ve started the league on a good note. Now, we shouldn’t lose focus,” he said. “It might be still too early, but I can’t hide the fact that we’re focusing on retaining the league title.” Lakay said they were not going to treat their crunch encounter against the  Buccaneers in a special way. After eight games of the 2020-21 season, Sundowns have won five and drew three times. They top the log table with 18 points. “There’s always pressure to bear but the more you win games, the more you gain confidence. That eases the pressure in some way,” he added. Pirates will also be looking forward to extending their unbeaten record as they have now gone 15 matches in all competitions without a defeat. Pirates last tasted defeat in August when they lost to Cape Town City FC.