  The Minister in the Presidency for Women Youth and Persons with Disabilities, Maite Nkoana-Mashabane received a petition during a march organised by Women of South Africa (WoSA) movement at the Union Buildings in Tshwane on Friday. As South Africa observes the annual 16 Days of Activism for No Violence against Women and Children, the Women of South Africa (WoSA) movement marched across the country, in a bid to place women’s economic freedom at the top of the national agenda. WoSA said the marches responds to the theme for this year’s campaign which is Women’s Economic Justice for a non-violent and nonsexist South Africa. The march included women from different walks of life, community members, and different formations in the political, social, religious, business and NGO sectors. Through this march, WoSA demanded decisive action to ensure that more women are involved in economic participation in both the government and the private sectors. Dr Sibongile Vikalazi from WoSA said they are calling for the enactment of laws promoting gender equality, and criminalizing the current gender wage gap. She said they also demand that it should be a criminal offence in South Africa, and in Africa, to pay women less than men for the same job. "Amongst other things we call on the government to adopt a gender lens in the implementation of the economic recovery plan as announced by the President. Its implementation plan must be made available to the South African public by the 31 March 2021," she said. Minister Nkoana-Mashabane said all these demands were aimed at ensuring that South African women get their 51.2% of Economic transformation and the empowerment of women within the economy. She said these have been the stated goals of the democratic government since 1994 but women are yet to see this transformation. “As the country regroups and embarks on its economic recovery plan, Government will ensure women are at the centre of development initiatives and that plans are gender responsive,” said She said government has also introduced a range of policies and programmes designed to facilitate women’s economic empowerment, to provide business resources, information and opportunities for South African women entrepreneurs, as well as a range of interventions designed to achieve women’s empowerment and gender equality.