IT’S been a tough year for Kaizer Chiefs. But as the saying goes, all’s well that ends well. So Amakhosi are eager to leave their faithful fans with happier memories as they head to the Christmas recess. A comprehensive win in the Caf Champions League would go a long way in appeasing their supporters who have had to endure a lot of pain and disappointment this year. And that is exactly what Gavin Hunt and his charges will be after when they face Angolan outfit C.D. Primeiro de Agosto at the FNB Stadium on Wednesday night (6pm) in the first first-leg of their first-round clash. Although it will most likely take a lot more than one result to erase all the heartache the Amakhosi faithful have endured this year, it would be a good start. They are hoping to book a spot in the group stages of the Champions League, a competition they are yet to win and one that would bring plenty of joy to their fans. Chiefs defender Philani Zulu can’t quite put his finger on what it is they are doing wrong at the moment, but is optimistic that better days are just around the corner. “I can’t really explain what’s going wrong at the moment because we are doing everything we can, but the results are just not coming,” said Zulu. “We play the way we know how to play, the way we intend to play but somewhere somehow we seem to lose our way. “We lack concentration at some crucial periods of the match and we keep making silly mistakes which take us back. “But we are learning with every game. We are trying to fix our mistakes and ensure that we turn the corner sooner rather than later.” Zulu is expecting a tough game against the 13-time Girabola Champions, whom they know little about. But the Angolan giants are no strangers to continental football, having participated in this competition on 18 previous occasions. “It’s always tough to face opponents you know very little about,” added Zulu. “All we can do is focus on ourselves and ensure that we are ready for every challenge they might pose. If we focus on our game and get it right on the day, we can be successful.”