THE Miss South Africa organisation has announced the names of beauty queens who’ll represent Mzansi in international pageants. The winners of this year’s pageant – Shudufhadzo Musida, Thato Mosehle and Natasha Joubert – were crowned a little over a month ago and will now be heading to international pageants. Shudufhadzo, who’s Miss South Africa, will represent Mzansi at the Miss World pageant. Thato, the first runner-up, will be going on to represent the country at Miss Supranational. Natasha, the second runner-up, will be going to Miss Universe. Shortly after the announcement was made on Twitter, people had mixed feelings about choices made. ALSO READ | WILLIAM FINDS HIS SPECIAL SOUND! While most thought Shudufhadzo was perfect for Miss World, some thought she was supposed to represent the country on Miss Universe and she’s been robbed the opportunity. “I’ve never been this unhappy with our @Official_MissSA production team. This year has been a mess. At first this shouldn’t have been up for discussion. “Shudu should’ve been given her place at Miss Universe as our queen. She was our huge chance of a back-to-back title @MissUniverse.” I have never been this unhappy with our @Official_MissSA production team ,this year has been a mess At first this shouldn't have been up for discussion Shudu should've been given her place at MissUniverse as our Queen she was our huge chance of back to back title @MissUniverse Some felt Thato deserved to go to Miss Universe, seeing that she’s the first runner-up. A tweep wrote: “Guys, the top two goes to Miss World & Miss Universe. Why the sudden change? “I’m not okay with what happened to Thato (couldn’t you rather swap it around and she goes to Miss Universe instead?)” Guys the top 2 goes to Miss World & Miss Universe, why the sudden change?I'm not okay with what happened to Thato (couldn't you rather swap it around and she goes to miss universe instead?)  The beauty queens have been attending interviews and posing for photoshoots since they were crowned. Shudufhadzo has been facing a lot of backlash, with people saying they aren’t happy with her chiskop look. Her fans, though, have been standing up for her and making sure she’s treated like royalty. The moment you have been waiting for South Africa! ????INTRODUCING:Your @MissWorldLtd South Africa 2020 @abigailmusida Your @MissUniverse South Africa 2020 @natashajoub Your @supranational South Africa 2020 @ThatoMosehle #MissWorldSA#MissUniverseSA#MissSupranationalSA pic.twitter.com/TpmjfyunAW 