SOME PEOPLE have called for tighter regulations. Others have said this time their businesses won’t survive. BUT THE REALITY IS UNQUESTIONED. MZANSI HAS ONE MILLION CONFIRMED COVID-19 CASES! Booze and a lack of respect for Covid-19 rules have been blamed for the rise in the number of positive cases, and most people who spoke to Daily Sun said government should ban the sale of alcohol. Kgomotso Kgatla (24) said: “People do not wear masks anymore and taverns are always crowded. People are ignoring the rules and disregard social distancing. Taverns should just shut down,” she said. ALSO READ:BOOZE BAN: WE DID IT TO OURSELVES Taxi driver Kgabo Mohololo (41) said drivers who’re found without masks are fined R500 by the taxi association. “People don’t care about safety. They don’t wear masks and don’t sanitise. In our association we’re very strict about passengers wearing their masks,” said Kgabo. Landis Sibiya (47) said when people are drunk they’re at their worst. “They drink from the same bottle and share smokes. Booze and cigarettes should be banned,” said Landis. Pablo Mukwevho (48) said: “People think it’s only statistics and believe it only happens to other people. “If people adhere to restrictions the numbers will go down. Cigarettes and alcohol are a problem. “When people drink they become relaxed and joyful and forget to be vigilant.” Thabo Sithole (27) said travelling and alcohol is the cause. “When people buy alcohol they get drunk and no longer follow the rules. We need to go back to lockdown level 5,” said Thabo. There has been a sense of panic across the country, with some calling for government to put stricter lockdown rules in place.  But some felt the economy won’t survive any harsher lockdowns. Mamelodi resident Sakkie Nthlame (32) said President Cyril Ramaphosa needed to stand his ground and do what’s best for the nation. “We have ourselves to blame for the stricter lockdown rules. “Since we act like children, maybe the president should babysit us as if we are children,” he said Themba Ndou (29) said things are out of control and stricter regulations will help to curb the spread. “We have people in the townships who act like they’re immune to the virus. Our parents are at risk and are most at risk of dying from the virus. “We need to stop being selfish and start thinking of other people,” he said. Owner of Nkuna Liquor Distributor in Mamelodi, Elizabeth Nkuna, said if government bans alcohol their businesses won’t survive. “The liquor business helps put food on the table for many people. We barely survived the first months of =lockdown,” she said. She said government needed to be strict on people who don’t adhere to the regulations, and she pleaded with taverns and club owners to adhere to the rules and meet government halfway.  “This thing of selling alcohol during the curfew needs to stop and overcrowding in taverns must end. “This is the main reason we find ourselves in this mess,” she said. David Muchena (46), a Mamelodi resident, said taking away alcohol won’t solve anything. He said the authorities needed to deal with the matter directly and punish people who broke the law. “Our police are weak, so even if we go back to level 5 people will still do as they please,” he said. The convener of the Liquor Traders Formation, Lucky Ntimane, said: “We have proposed curfew measures and alcohol restrictions that still allow off-premises sales to allow for home consumption. A complete shutdown would mean an end to the tavern market and the 250 000 jobs directly linked to the sector.”. Meanwhile, a statement has been circulating on social media claiming that soldiers will be back on the street as of Tuesday, but the SANDF has dismissed claims that it has called back soldiers from leave to assist the police. 