NEW AmaZulu coach Benni McCarthy is nervous and excited at the same time and can’t wait to be on the bench on Sunday. The 43-year-old, appointed on Monday and on the stands when Usuthu lost 2-0 to Golden Arrows, said he just want to get over his first game to relieve the nerve that is all over him when Usuthu host Chippa United at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium. This will be the first time McCarthy is on the bench after a year without a club after leaving Cape Town City in November last year. “I can’t wait and can Sunday come quicker because the longer it takes, the more nervous I get,” said McCarthy. “I just want to get this over and done with and end 2020 on a positive note for the club. I think three points is very possible for us. We have got quality players here. “I think if they are pushed in the right direction, positivity, the brand of football I want to play, it is a joy I want to bring to their faces.” This is not the first time McCarthy has admitted to have gone through the nerve ahead of his first game. When he was appointed as a Cape Town City coach in July 2017, his first game against Polokwane City in the MTN8 quarter final, he said: “I don’t think I’ve ever needed to go to the toilet as much as I did in the three hours before this game. I’ve (never) been in situations like this before‚ so it was weird. Even the players were laughing at how nervous I was.” But as time goes on, McCarthy quickly stamped his authority and ruffled many coaches and teams with his style of play. It borne fruit as City won the Wafa Wafa Cup in 2018. The all time Bafana Bafana top goal scorer revealed that, when the players stepped on the field, they shouldn’t be like him currently to feel nervous. “When you step onto a football field, people shouldn’t be nervous, sad, angry,” he said. “Football is a game of joy, so I want to bring that to the players. They must play with a smile into their face and I think Sunday is a perfect opportunity for that to happen.” McCarthy will not be the only one new on the bench for Usuthu. He’ll be joined by Siyabonga Nomvethe and Moeneeb Josephs. Meanwhile, Alan Freese has been shown the door.