And then there were two, as Idols Season 16 reaches the final stretch. After months of a tough season made even more challenging by the Covid-19 pandemic, the 16th season of SA Idols is finally on the final stretch of the competition. Commenting about Mr Music’s performance of his new single, ‘Ngikhethe Kahle’, Randall Abrahams said it was his best performance to date, while Unathi Nkayi said he had been the most hard-working of the top three. Somizi Mhlongo-Motaung said the song was perfect for him and it would be a hit. Zama’s single, ‘Ndizobizwa’, was also well-received by the judges, with all of them agreeing that not only did she look beautiful, she had also performed beautifully. Somizi summed up their feeling by saying that she was at her most comfortable because she owned the song. “It sounded like Zama and was beautiful like Zama,” he said. Randall added that her new home, Kalawa Jazzmee was lucky to have a musician like her, who could sing just about anything. Finally, it was Brandon’s turn to showcase his offering, U’hambe, with the judges praising him for his performance, but saying they wished he had connected more with viewers and voters. For all his best efforts and months of excellent performances, Bruce could not convince enough of the 22-million voters that he could fill the shows left behind by last year’s Idol, Luyolo Yiba. Having bowed out of the competition, it is now up to the voters to decide between Mr Music and Zama and their performances tonight did not make this choice any easier, with both Idols hopefuls having saved their best for this very important evening. Mr Music returned to sing his very first audition song, Linda’s ‘Ngamthanda Umuntu’. Randall remarked how different the first attempt sounded to this performance, yet he remained at the centre of it all. “Tonight , you are right there and you are owning the song and you have to keep that in mind that the person who was singing this song at his first audition, hoping for the judges to choose him and hoping for votes is the same person standing here in the top two,” he said. While Unathi commented that South Africa loved him because he had given the best version of himself throughout the show. Somizi too loved the performance, repeating that if there was anyone who would make an amazing finalist, it was Mr Bruce. His second performance his own favourite of the show was Sun-EL Musician and Ami Faku’s ‘Into Ingawe’, which had Somizi giving him his ultimate nod, the “whoo shem”. “You look like the Afro-pop prince you are,” he said, while Randall and Unathi said his endearing qualities, singing ability and desire to win would ensure that fans would vote for him to the very end. Zama performed her first top two offering the song she sang for her final theatre week audition, Without You by Mariah Carey. "We fell in love with you the moment we met you,” Unathi said, while Somizi said he was sad that the song had ended. “I can’t get enough of your voice,” he added. Randall took the opportunity to offer a word of advice.  “Your singing is very good, but you need to imbue that performance with emotion and absolutely let go,” he said. On her second performance, her favourite ‘A Change is Gonna Come’  by Jennifer Hudson, Randall said he had nothing to say but that next week’s competition was going to be a humdinger. Unathi was reduced to joyful giggles at the performance, thanking her for giving her best. Somizi was beside himself with joy, saying “When you sleep tonight, you can do so knowing that whatever happens, you did it your all, you killed it. You have given it your all that was amazing! You deserve a standing ovation!" ”Next  week South Africa will find out who is the next SA Idol is. South Africa’s 16th Idol will become an instant millionaire, and win among other great prizes, Samsung products to the value of R150,000 and the all new Toyota Starlet 1.4. XR Manual. Of course, the grand prize is a recording deal from Kalawa Jazmee. “All that’s left to do this week is for the voters to make their final decision on who  deserves to be  SA Idol who takes home all these great prizes.