THE year that never was – that best sums up 2020. This year had all the hallmarks of something cooked up in hell. And for some politicians, it spelt the end of their careers. Yes, there were positives. We learnt inventive ways of dealing with Covid-19 and doing things differently. As the Hawks pounced ,high-flyer Edwin Sodi simply had nowhere to hide, even in his big mansion.  It was equally embarrassing for ANC MP Vincent Smith, accused of receiving bribes amounting to hundreds of thousands of rands, to have to appear alongside Angelo Agrizzi. In a year during which the governing party had its hands full fighting the pandemic, internally it was tearing itself apart. This was made painfully obvious when ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule publicly declared no one could make him step aside. “I was elected by the branches and they’re the only ones that can ask me to step aside,” he told thousands of his followers outside the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court, where he’d just appeared on 21 charges of corruption.  CR17 had thought they had him against the ropes and went into an NEC meeting with tails up. It was reported the SG was going to be asked to step aside. When the meeting ended it was announced Magashule would present himself to the Integrity Committee, which recommended the NEC should ask him to step aside until he clears his name. And as the year drew to an end, it also emerged the committee wasn’t happy with President Cyril Ramaphosa either, particularly the funding of his campaign – which we now know raised R1 billion.  With the January 8 birthday celebrations now suspended due to Covid-19, it’s not clear if the NEC will sit in the scheduled meeting. But developments on these internal fights will be something to watch. Things aren’t so rosy with the Blue Brigade, with speculation the DA is gunning for white votes after a poor performance at the previous elections, where it lost voters to the FF Plus. After KZN MPL Mbali Ntuli was humiliated at the virtual elective election, senior black leaders have been leaving the party while some had left before the conference. The latest shots were fired at MP Phumzile van Damme, who was removed as shadow minister and given a sabbatical which she vowed to fight.  As for the fiery Red Berets, they further attempted to prove their power by confronting the Senekal racists.