THE ANC will not call a special NEC meeting to consider the party’s Integrity Commission’s recommendations that it should immediately suspend secretary general Ace Magashule pending his corruption trial. ANC spokesman Pule Mabe told an impromptu press conference that the NEC has not officially received the report and Magashule remains the party’s secretary general. He said the party already has its yearly calendar which it will follow starting with a special meeting to draft the January 8 statement. He said the report has not presented the party with any crisis and it was not urgent. “Of course the ANC has it own processes. There is a way in which the information that comes to the ANC ought to be processed,” he said, questioning how such a crucial report found its way to social media as it presented the party with a communication dilemma. Mabe said it should be remembered that the commission itself had issued a statement to inform the public how the process was going to unfold. That included that at the conclusion of the process, the commission will hand over the report to the party’s top six which will engage it before presenting to the NEC. He said as it is, things have not panned out in that manner. Mabe said the organisation was not a stop and go, so it will continue with its programme that is already in place. “The NEC will at the right time engage and interact with reports that come before it and if it wants to pronounce itself on such reports, it shall do so. As matters stand, the NEC has not sanctioned the distribution of any report. “But it is aware of the existence of a report from the IC. “It will as a structure, when that report comes to it, formally interact and express itself. I think it’s only safe to give the NEC that space. So what is important here is that the NEC is not denying the existence of the report,” Mabe said. He said the NEC ran the risk of formulating views outside its meetings if it had to make decisions on reports that have not formally been presented to the meeting. He said processes will have to be followed first before it jumps to pronounce itself on leaked reports.