THE DStv Diski Challenge has eluded Kaizer Chiefs for the entire six years of its existence. But the Young Glamour Boys’ blistering start to the season this year suggests that might change. It is early days still, but Arthur Zwane’s charges look like they mean business. They have come flying out of the blocks, winning both their matches so far in convincing fashion. They thrashed 2018 champions Mamelodi Sundowns 4-2 in their first match before following that up with 2-0 win over Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at the weekend. They are currently perched on top of the Diski Challenge log standings with a perfect record. The 2018 Diski Shield champions will hope to maintain their excellent start to the season and continue building momentum. Zwane, however, reckons his side will only get better as the season progresses and they get their fitness levels higher. “We are pretty much still in pre-season mode because we did not have any games at all to prepare for the season,” said Zwane. “But we will keep pushing the boys, hoping that they will get to the level that we want to see them sooner rather than later. “The effort has been there so far from the boys and you can see they are doing their best.” Zwane reserved special praise for his captain Sabelo Radebe, who he insists has been key to their positive start to the season. Bibo, as the 20-year-old is affectionately known, is one of the players Zwane is hoping will be ready for the first team next season. Zwane has consistently stressed that his biggest goal is to produce quality young players for the first team to follow in the footsteps of the likes of Nkosingiphile Ngcobo, Njabulo Blom, Happy Mashiane and more. “I think Bibo (Radebe) is working very hard,” added Zwane. “He’s covering a lot of distance and trying to connect. He does still lose the ball cheaply sometimes in dangerous areas but his energy levels are high. “He gets the ball in the right areas at the right time and we hope he can keep improving and be a player that is ready for the first team come next season.”