CONSISTENCY! That’s all SuperSport United coach Kaitano Tembo will be asking for from his charges from now until the end of the season. The Tshwane outfit have had a decent start to the season and are in a position to potentially mount a strong challenge for the DStv Premiership. But for that to be a possibility, Tembo reckons his side have to keep winning matches consistently to keep up with the likes of Mamelodi Sundowns and surprise package Swallows FC. SuperSport won their second consecutive match and their fourth overall out of six outings so far this season when they beat the struggling Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 on Tuesday. And now, they turn their attention to Baroka FC whom they face at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (3.30 pm). Tembo wants his side to show their title aspirations and continue where they left off against Amakhosi. “I think for the past few seasons we have never really had a good run of six, seven games and that’s been a huge problem for us as we have struggled to find consistency,” said Tembo. “We have always been close to the league champions, we always head into our last three matches of the league still in with a chance to win it mathematically but because of that lack of consistency, we fall short. “We have always been a team that wants to challenge and compete, we have been pretty close to winning the league since I took over. Our ambitions are always the same, we always want to go all out and we are building towards winning the league. “We want to try and win it. We know that it does not mean we will win it but we still want to fight for it and this season will be no different in that regard, hopefully, the only difference will be that we go all the way this time.” SuperSport captain Ronwen Williams echoes the same sentiments as his coach, adding that they have a good opportunity to turn what has been a good week into a great week with a win over Bakgaga. They head into that clash in fifth place on the standings having collected 12 out of a possible 18 points. “We have managed to get a few good results so it’s important that we continue on that good note,” added Willaims. “We want to finish off strong with Baroka but we know it will be a fight because they will also be looking to finish strong.” 