TO MANY sports stars, it starts as a dream and later turns to reality... But the story is different for netball star Kamogelo Maseko. The 18-year became the latest young player to feature in the Spar Proteas squad that played against Malawi. She made her international debut in the first test against Malawi late last month at the Sun City Superbowl in the North West, and succeeded with three of her four shots at goal. This was enough for coach Dorette Badenhorst to nurture Maseko. She is currently in the bio-bubble camp representing Joburg in the Spar National Champs in Bela-Bela. Maseko said she never thought that she could make a career out of netball as she jumped into the sport due to peer pressure, and not because she loved it. “I started playing netball at primary school (Norwood Primary School),” she told SunSport. “At first, most girls were playing netball at primary so I did not want to be left out. But my love of netball grew with every match, especially when I started my high school and I realised that I’m enjoying it. I now like the sport wholeheartedly. And today I’m one of the national team players. Netball is my bread and butter now.” She said she’s now sharing the court with players whom she grew idolising in the Spar Proteas camp. The soft-spoken Maseko said last month was a bit intimidating for her. She reflected: “It was intimidating because I played with people who are role models, like Bongiwe Msomi. Basically the whole national team. I grew up looking up to them and little did I know that it will happen so soon that they will be my teammates. “It was intimidating but it was a huge privilege to be selected among the greatest.” Now the player is hoping to impress and make the cut in the Baby Proteas squad that will represent South Africa at the Netball World Youth Cup next year. The showpiece will take place in Fiji from 10-19 June. “I’ve been seconded for the Baby Proteas squad set for Fiji next year. I’m currently in the top 27 and I want to make the cut so badly. I know that will take a lot of hard work and I am ready to put in the work,” said Maseko. “I’m sure I am in the squad because the coach saw something in me. The ball is now in my court to work harder. It is all about hard work and committing to the sport.” Coach Badenhorst said Maseko is one for the future, even though there are still aspects of her game that need to improve. “I think there’s still a lot of work but that is the reason why we want to develop them, gain a lot of experience but she is definitely a player for the future,” said Badenhorst.