VETERAN Photographer Mike Mzileni said he was hoping Lucky Nxumalo would be the one burying him. But it was the other way round as Ntate Mzileni was one of the speakers at Nxumalo’s funeral in Orlando East where friends, family, and colleagues had gathered to bid him a final farewell. “I was hoping that Lucky would the one that buries me. Today, I’m the one who is burying him. “Lucky was my adopted son, he was so close to me more than my son.” Ntate Mzileni added, “When Mapula broke the news to me I was in the hospital, and the whole day I was broken.” He said Nxumalo came to the newsroom as a young man like others. “I groomed them and on many occasions, I was hard on them, because I wanted them to be what I wanted them to be.” He said Nxumalo came to a profession that is thankless which is Photography. “It's a profession where nobody seems to take you seriously and yet we are the writers of history. “We have seen history being made in the county and all these things that have been in the forefront.  “We risked our lives, we were more concerned about pictures than our lives, that is profession Lucky found himself in, he said. Nxumalo's best friend Hluphi Motaung, told mourners, “Lucky was sick, I was with him when he started getting sick until then end.” He said when Lucky took his last breath, he was with him and close family members.  “I think that on its own it's what’s comforting me because I think if I had been told via phone, it could have been worse than this for me. He said Lucky’s children can come to him if they need anything as he is taking the role of their father.  Daily Sun Head of News Amos Mananyetso said Nxumalo learned a lot of things from Ntate Mike Mzileni, to teach to be selfless and to always give. “As a result of that, he never stopped giving.”  “I met him 20 years ago he was already in the trenches and was very strong on crime (reporting) and he thought as a whole lot of tricks when it comes to crime reporting.” Mananyetso said Lucky didn’t wait to be told what to do when it comes to mentoring young journalists and described him as a natural teacher.  “He puts you under his wing and runs with you.” Nxumalo was laid to rest at the Westpark Cemetery on Thursday. 