Cape Town divers are searching for a teenage boy who went missing while swimming at Ouskip in Melkbosstrand today. National Sea Rescue Institute (NSRI)spokesperson Craig Lambinon said an extensive search was carried out in the area but the boy is nowhere to be found. “At 11h55, Sunday, 27 December, NSRI Melkbosstrand duty crew were activated following reports from CoCT (City of Cape Town) Law Enforcement officers who were on the scene where a male teenager, from Manenberg, went missing in the surf while swimming at Ouskip, Melkbosstrand. “Three (3) sea rescue craft were launched to join in the search and lifeguards were deployed into the surfline to conduct sweeping line free dive search efforts. “Despite an extensive air, sea, and shoreline search there remains no sign of the teenager who went missing in the surf while swimming with family members,” said Lambinon. He said the cop divers continue to search in the area and will be assisted by other services in the area. “Our thoughts are with the family of the missing teenager in this difficult time,” Lambinon said. Meanwhile, the NSRI recorded several incidents that took place at Mzansi beaches on Boxing Day. NSRI St Francis Bay station commander Sarah Jane Smith in the Eastern Cape said amongst the people who were assisted from drowning in the area included young children. “NSRI St Francis Bay duty crew were alerted to 4 children being swept out to sea by rip currents at a Private Beach near to the Port of St Francis. They all got to shore safely and they were not injured,” said Smith. Chris Pike, the NSRI Port Alfred deputy station commander said they helped three madalas whose boat was damaged. He said around 15h20, Saturday, 26 December, NSRI Port Alfred duty crew towed a boat after three men, aged in their 60’s struggled with their boat. “Our NSRI crew assisted the men to drain water out of their boat and we took their boat undertow,” said Pike. At Shelly Beach in KZN Jeremiah Jackson, NSRI Shelly Beach station commander, said they assisted a local charter vessel that was running on only one motor. “The casualty commercial charter boat was able to get to the beach on her remaining one motor and no further assistance was required,” said Jackson.