SHE went to court to force her husband to pay papgeld, but he allegedly did the unthinkable! A murder case has been opened and the mum believes the dad poisoned his own son to avoid paying papgeld. Busisiwe Vuma-Modiba (42) of Protea Glen in Soweto fears for her life and is on the run. She said her husband left her and moved in with another woman. “He’d disappear for months and without giving us a cent or paying the bond,” she said. Busisiwe decided to seek a court order to force him to pay maintenance for his six-year-old son, Sipho. “My husband was angry and vowed to kill us,” she claimed. She said the first hearing was in October, but the court documents went missing and the new court date was set for February. Busisiwe claimed her husband started coming home for a day or two at a time. Busisiwe, who works at a supermarket, said on 14 December she came home late after stocktaking. “I found him sitting with my son, something which he never did.” Busisiwe said she’d bought takeaways which her son ate. She didn’t give any to her husband as he never bought food for the house. “I went to bed but I felt something wasn’t right,” she said. During the night Sipho apparently came to her bed. He was crying and running a high temperature. “I called my mother, who told me to take Sipho to hospital. My husband didn’t seem worried at all,” she said. The boy died after they got to hospital, and about an hour later her husband also claimed he was getting sick. “He claimed to have eaten the same food. That wasn’t true because I didn’t dish up for him. He was trying to shift the blame.” Busisiwe said her husband was admitted to the same hospital in Jabulani, Soweto, and taken to Chris Hani Baragwanath for suspected food poisoning. “But nurses and doctors became suspicious and the police were called,” she said. Family friend Kenosi Modisane said they’d been supporting Busisiwe. “We pray that the suspect goes to jail so her son can get justice.” Sergeant Vincent Mashiteng of Protea Glen Police Station confirmed that a murder case was opened. Police were investigating.