THE Football community is mourning yet another death of a football player, Motjeka Madisha. The 25-year-old Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana defender died in the early hours of Sunday on Zuurfontein Road in Chloorkop, in Ekurhuleni in a horrific car accident. It is alleged that his car lost control while driving with another occupant and hit the road barricades and exploded in flames. Madisha becomes the second Sundowns player to die in a car accident following Anele Ngcongca who also was involved in a car crash that took his life in Durban two weeks ago.Madisha joined the Brazilians in 2016 from Highlands Park FC where he spent a year. He was recognized for his blossoming football career while at Mahlangu Tigers, known as M Tigers FC, from Tembisa in Ekurhuleni before joining Highlands Park in 2016.The said news of his passing was confirmed by SAPS and Disaster and Emergency Management Services whom attended the scene. Disaster and Emergency Management Services, William Ntladi, said two adults light motor vehicle occupants burnt to death after their vehicle burst into flames on Zuurfontein road in Chloorkop near Thembisa. “City of Ekurhuleni Disaster and Emergency Management Services (DEMS) rescue team from Commercial fire station, received the vehicle fire call at 00H05 midnight and responded immediately to the scene. “On arrival, a hatchback light motor vehicle was covered by a ball of flames. Fire suppression was immediately initiated, and flames extinguished with no further damage,” said Ntladi. Ntladi added that during the inspection by the team it was found out the was another occupant who burnt beyond recognition inside the car. “During fire suppression and assessment, it was found that a partial burnt adult male patient was lying motionlessly outside, next to the vehicle while the other adult occupant of unknown gender burnt beyond recognition inside the vehicle. “Both were declared deceased on scene by paramedics. “Preliminary finding declares that, the driver might have lost control of the vehicle and crashed onto a stationary object (Metal-pole) before the vehicle burst into flames. “Rescue team had to use Jaws -of -Life to recover the charred mortal remains of the trapped occupant,” said Ntladi. Gauteng Police spokeswoman, Brigadier Mathapelo Peters, also confirmed the incident. “Police in the early hours of Sunday morning responded to the scene of a fatal car crash wherein two male victims both aged 25, perished. “From what police have pieced together up to this point, the preliminary evidence suggests that the accident happened just after 01h30 in the early hours of Sunday morning. “The driver allegedly lost control of the BMW 1-series and crashed into the pole of a billboard on Zuurfontein Road in Chloorkop, in Ekurhuleni. “The car caught fire and the driver who was trapped inside perished therein, while the passenger whose body was partially burnt, was found next to the car and he too was declared dead on the scene by Ekurhuleni Emergency Services." Madisha‘s death comes just after Mamelodi Sundowns celebrated their 50th year celebration in Sandton on Saturday night.