WORLD football suffered huge financial loss due to the Covid-19 pandemic that brought sport to halt in March. But the South Africa Football Association (Safa) were able turn their finances around. They have been able to record a surplus of R53 million in their a financial statement, in a document seen by SunSport. This is good news as Safa recorded a R74.5 million loss in last year's financial statement. “Safa has through prudent financial management turned around its financial position from the loss of R74.5 million in 2019 under the previous administration to a surplus of R53 million in 2020 under the current CEO Adv Tebogo Motlanthe,” said the report. “The audited financial statements were presented to the NEC and was approved unanimously. It was an unqualified audit.” Safa’s books, previous audited by KPMG, were audited by PWC who took over as the FA’s audit midway last year after the former accounting firm resigned. REGIONAL PAYMENTS Safa has made a commitment to pay the 52 regions grants on a regular basis and this has resulted in development activities at grassroots level, which includes male and female competitions, workshops and training, coach education, coaching workshops and on governance, regions meetings and congress. GOVERNANCE Safa has strengthened its governance by establishing an independent Integrity Officer headed by former acting judge Mr Alex Abercromble, and an establishment of Ethics’ Committee headed by a female judge, Justice Sisi Khampee, including a retired Appeals Court Ronny Pillay and practicing attorney Ms Candylee De Sousa. NATIONAL and Domestic Competitions The Joint Liaison Committee (JLC) consisting of representatives from Safa and the PSL developed a bio bubble or safety hub that was used to complete all national competition of the PSL, GladAfrica Championship and the ABC Motsepe League. PREMIER LEAGUE The men’s PSL was won by Mamelodi Sundowns with the prize money of R15 million. The women’s Super League was won by Sundowns with the prize money of R500000. GLAD AFRICA CHAMPIONSHIP The GAC was won by Swallows FC and the prize money was R3 million. ABC MOTSEPE LEAGUE The ABC Motsepe League was won by Bizana Pondo Chiefs with the prize money of R1 million. It is a team that was promoted from the deep of rural areas of the Eastern Cape. As it is now it doesn't have a suitable venue to host home games. KAY MOTSEPE LEAGUE (school league) The Kay Motsepe League was won by Clapham Hugh School with the prize money of R1 million donation to the school education purposes. The school uses the funds to build additional classrooms, computers labs or science labs. SASOL WOMEN’S LEAGUE (144 teams) The league winners were JVW and runner up were Ma-ldies. The prize money was R500000 for JVW and R200000 for Ma-ldies. Both teams were promoted to the National Women’s Super League. SAB LEAGUE (2850 TEAMS) It is a provincial men’s competition. Eight of nine provinces have played to determine teams to be promoted to the ABC Motsepe League. However, the Eastern Cape’s programme has been postponed due to Covid-19 infections in the province.