YOU’D have expected to see the racism incident at Parc des Princes trending. Alas, it was Manchester United’s early Champions League exit as well as the Ronaldo versus Messi debate that dominated the headlines. Football has been quick to move on from the ugly incident in the Uefa Champions League group match between French giants PSG and Turkish side Basaksehir in midweek. To those who may have been offline in the last 48 hours, both sets of players walked off the pitch in protest against an alleged racism incident involving match officials. The game was initially halted after a scuffle was triggered by the racial slur when Basaksehir’s assistant coach, Pierre Webo, got sent off. Webo was captured on video accusing the fourth official Sebastian Coltescu of making racist remark when he pointed to Webo as “this black guy”. Enraged, substitute Demba Ba asked the official: “Why when you mention a black guy, do you have to say this black guy?” Efforts to get the match restarted failed and the fixture has since been postponed. Uefa have further announced they will launch a probe into the incident. Hopefully, they will impose appropriate sanctions. Like many other such incidents, the latest has attracted the attention of past and current footballers. Basaksehir tweeted: “NO TO RACISM #Respect.” The message was retweeted by PSG. But whether or not they suspend Coltescu is neither here nor there for me. For me, a major statement has finally been made. Seeing Neymar and his teammates walk off the pitch en masse was quite encouraging. It’s a progressive step in the fight against the scourge afflicting the beautiful game. For the longest time, we’ve seen a half-hearted reaction to racial incidents in football matches around the world, mainly from the players who are the key stakeholders, as well as officials. Matters are swept under the carpet by those who are supposedly the custodians of football. Racists are treated with kids gloves despite overwhelming evidence of despicable acts. Who can forget how Leonardo Bonucci accused his then Juventus teammate, Moise Kean, of provoking racial taunts from Cagliari fans? I won’t even speak of the Russians, who have normalised racism in football. I can count racial cases on both hands and the excuses thereof equally so. But the players are now taking the bull by the horns, no longer willing to leave matters to racism apologists. To a larger extend, the walk-off at Parc des Princes was influenced by the global “Black Lives Matters” campaign which has been as effective as the fight against Covid-19. But rooting out racism is a continuous process and not a “cup final”. It needs all hands on deck. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso