ANC in the Eastern Cape regions came out guns blazing at Andile Lungisa, on attacking ANC leaders. Nelson Mandela, Chris Hani, DR WB Rubusana Sarah Baartma, Joe Gqabi, and Alfred Nzo regions condemned the attacks against ANC leaders by Lungisa and all those who were with him during his address when he was welcomed from prison on Tuesday. Lungisa addressed his supporters at Vuyisile Mini square in Port Elizabeth shortly after his release on parole. He was flanked by Carl Niehaus, Supra Mahumapelo, Tandi Mahambehlala, and Des van Rooyen. During his address, he referred to the President of ANC, Cyril Ramaphosa as someone who wants to see former President Zuma prosecuted. He further refers to the provincial chairman Oscar Mabuyane as a novice in politics who was introduced by Enoch Godongwane. Regional Secretaries and Regional Task Teams coordinators issued statements on Tuesday and Wednesday defending Ramaphosa and Mabuyane from attacks by Lungisa and his cronies The regions in their statements say they condemn in strongest terms the utterances and think that Lungisa must be subjected to anger management and serious political rehabilitation. The secretaries said, "The majority of ANC members are committed to the unity of ANC post to 8th provincial conference and 54th National Conference, there are effectively those whom we characterize as beneficiaries of state capture and corruption who will fight any attempt to strengthen, renew and unite the ANC." "These very same rogue elements have a well-coordinated program to undermine ANC President and the program to renew and unite the organization," said secretaries "This mutinous behavior is an extreme form of provocation that can only be spearheaded by reactionary and counter-revolutionary forces who have no space in our movement." Secretaries added that "We will not be moved from our support for the leadership of Mabuyane and the rest of the PEC collective. Lungisa and his ilk's behavior will not deter us from defending the ANC and its hegemony in society for further advancement of the National Democratic Revolution."