THE campaign to get Patrice Motsepe elected Caf president is as much about Danny Jordaan as it is about the esteemed businessman. This is not because Jordaan, the Safa president, is leading Motsepe’s campaign for higher office. But the election of Motsepe as the eighth president of Caf will somewhat fulfil a personal ambition for Jordaan to get to the levers of power. In Jordaan, Motsepe has an ally, the man who knows the dynamics on the continent like the back of his hand. He still bears the scars from defeats he suffered in his bid to get into the Fifa and Caf council, but the lessons are now coming in handy. It wasn’t long after the curtain had fallen on the successful 2010 World Cup finals that Jordaan, CEO of the Local World Cup Organising Committee then, began gunning for a position on the Fifa council. However, he soon learnt he needs his African brothers and not his friends from Fifa to achieve his goal. Unfortunately, he had alienated himself from the Caf heads while he played a good host to the likes of former Fifa secretary general Jerome Falcke. He hung out with European bigwigs and paid less attention to the influential figures on the continent, and was thus considered an outsider come election time. The plan was to win an election for the Cosafa leadership and work his way up to the Caf executive committee and eventually into the Fifa council. As it came to pass, Jordaan was battered and bruised in the following regional and Caf elections, embarrassingly beaten by the likes of little-known Walter Nyamilandu of Malawi. That was after he lost to then unknown Ahmad Ahmad for a seat on the Caf exco back in 2011. And it wasn’t until 2017 that Jordaan finally won a seat in the council. Much wiser now, Jordaan has changed tact in order to realise the goal of getting Motsepe into the Caf presidency. The two rolled out the red carpet for the Caf heads at Mamelodi Sundowns’ 50th year celebration on Saturday in a clear move to strengthen the bid. Motsepe has remained mum on his candidacy, but behind the scenes, the campaign is gathering steam, propelled by the wily fox. Whether or not Motsepe succeeds in his crusade remains to be seen at the Caf congress in March. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso