FROM murder to fraud and corruption, it was a rather busy year for Mzansi’s courts. Perhaps the biggest case that grabbed everyone’s attention this year was the arrest of Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife Mary. The couple, along with three other accused, were arrested on charges of fraud and money laundering amounting to R102 million. The Bushiris were granted bail by the Pretoria Magistrates Court after spending several nights at Kgosi Mampuru II Correctional Centre. But it was what happened after they were granted bail that set many tongues wagging. Violating their bail conditions, the Bushiris managed to flee Mzansi and headed to their home country of Malawi, claiming they feared for their lives. But the Malawian government recently signed extradition papers and several warrants of arrests have been issued for the couple.  Another man of God also had his day in court. Pastor Timothy Omotoso has been appearing in the Port Elizabeth High Court on over 90 charges related to sexual offences. He’s had his bail application as well as his leave to appeal his bail denied. The murder of farmer Brandon Horner in Senekal, Free State also made headlines. Sekola Matlaletsa and Sekwetje Mahlamba appeared in the Senekal Magistrates Court for the murder. But it was events outside the court that grabbed headlines. White farmers destroyed the court building and set alight a police van during the accused appearances. The EFF descended on Senekal and there were fears there might be a bloodbath, but tensions never escalated to violence. ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule’s case also got people talking. He appeared in the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court last month on charges of corruption in a R255 million asbestos project.  The death of a heavily-pregnant Tshegofatso Pule highlighted the challenge of gender-based violence in the country. The 27-year-old’s body was found hanging from a tree in Durban Deep in Roodepoort. Muzikayise Malephane (31) was nabbed for the murder. The Zulu nation also suffered a loss when Prince Lethukuthula Zulu was found dead in his house in Honeydew, Joburg. Four women and a man were arrested for his murder following a night of “sex, drugs and booze.” A case that angered Mzansi was the killing of Nateniel Julies in August. The 16-year-old, who had Down syndrome, was allegedly shot and killed by cops in Eldorado Park and his death sparked tension between residents and cops. But it was not all dark and gloom inside Mzansi’s courtrooms this year. The Madiba family recently received an early Christmas gift after the South Gauteng High Court found Dumisani Mkhwanazi guilty of killing UJ student Palesa Madiba in 2013. His sentencing is set for February.