THE ANC Integrity Commission has recommended the party’s National Executive Committee should suspend secretary general Ace Magashule immediately. This is if he doesn’t step aside, pending his corruption case. The recommendations comes after the commission met Magashule on Saturday where he explained the 21 corruption charges he’s facing in the Bloemfontein Magistrate Court. Magashule said he met the commission with the support of the NEC. In a letter written by commission chairman George Mashamba dated December 14 2020, Magashule had indicated that as a disciplined cadre of the movement, he will abide by the decision of the collective. Mashamba said Magashule was very candid in the “long” meeting, covered many aspects. He said he also understood his role to protect the party, it’s constitution and seniority of his position as the chief administrative officer and the guardian of the party’s principles. “His brief to the IC was thorough and comprehensive. He came to the meeting very well prepared and offered to share with the IC all the documentation to which he referred, which he later did. “Cde SG emphasised that he was a disciplined cadre and he made it clear that he was ready to perform any tasks given to him by the organisation. He further said that he was bound by the decisions of the collective and that he would ‘step aside’ if so instructed by the NEC,” said Mashamba in his recommendations report. Mashamba said the resolution of the party’s conference must be implemented without fear or favour and quoted the NEC August 6-8 2020 resolution which stated that any member formally charged with corruption should step aside. He said Magashule had stated in the meeting that he would not resist the decision of the NEC even if he might not agree with it. “However, in the unlikely event of resistance to this, the NEC should consider suspension pending the finalisation of the criminal case against him in terms of Rule 25.70 of the ANC Constitution quoted for ease of reference ‘where a public representative, office bearer or member has been indicted to appear in a court of law on any charge’,” Mashamba said.