YOUNG musician Nobuhle Khuzwayo has been given a break by well-known DJ, songwriter and producer, Sun-El Musician. In January, the University of KZN BA graduate sent a message to Sun-El Musician asking to work with him. “That same month I happened to leave for Joburg for another project with Ndunduzo Makhathini. “I contacted Sun-El Musician to remind him about my request. He invited me to his studio and we instantly made the song. “The first thing he made was the beat. I quickly wrote the lyrics. That same day we had a full song.” The title of the song is Never-never. ALSO READ: WITH BUSI IN SPIRIT! Nobuhle said: “I wrote the song in honour of my late grandmother, Ngoneni Mbokazi. “She raised me and was a sangoma. She loved a certain kind of music. Every time she sang she’d say she’s reminded of a place called Never Never. “Of course, she’d never been to Never Never but was convinced her spirit and soul had been there. “She’d describe it as a place of sheer joy, peace and connection. For that reason, she believed her songs came from Never Never.” Nobuhle’s grandma influenced her to become a musician. “From a very young age my grandma taught me music basics: how to connect with a song and bring meaning to it. “My music comes from a place of spirituality. It comes from a gift. Perhaps it comes from Never Never.” The song forms part of Sun-El Musician’s double-disc album, released earlier this month. “Although Never-never was done in January, I only released it in October,” she said. “I’m excited about this piece of work and hope my fans will enjoy it, too.” As if that’s not enough, her music career continues to shine. “On 30 October, I released another single titled Sifun’imali,” said the singer. “On that project I worked with DJ Merlon. I also wrote the lyrics and DJ Merlon came up with the beat and produced it. “I’m featured on both Never-never and Sifun’imali. This, for me, is a big deal. “Sun-El Musician and DJ Melon are big names in the music industry, and working with them is more than a humbling experience.”