THE rise of covid-19 cases has forced the government to
place a ban on the sales of alcohol in a bid to flatten the curve. This comes after President Cyril Ramaphasa announced the ban of
alcohol, with immediate effect from midnight, during Monday’s family meeting after the
meeting with the National coronavirus command council. Ramaphosa announced that the country will move to level 3
lockdown with adjusted level three regulations for the next 14 days. “Reckless behaviour due to alcohol intoxication has
contributed to increased infections. The consumption of alcohol in places like restaurants,
night clubs and taverns have contributed to risky behaviour like not wearing
masks, because people always take their masks off and they don't observe social
distancing once they're under the influence of alcohol.” Ramaphosa said excessive alcohol consumption is also driving
up trauma cases in hospitals. “According to the data we have with every relaxation on the
sale of alcohol the number of trauma cases reporting on our hospitals has
increased.” He said the cases are violent and are from bullet wounds,
stabbings, and motor vehicle accidents are putting an unnecessary strain on the
already stretched public health facilities. Ramaphosa said the hospitals in some provinces, both private
and public are already full, with ICU beds running out fast or filled up. He said in the troubled Eastern Cape provinces, the number
of covid-19 deaths is now more than the number witnessed in the first wave
early this year. Super spreader events such as social gatherings, parties
including funerals have also been blamed for the rise in covid-19 cases and
restrictions around such gatherings have been strengthened. Indoor and outdoor gatherings will not be permitted except
for funerals. “Funerals may not be attended by more than 50 people, with
social distancing. Every business premise must determine the number of staff
and their customers permitted at any one time based on social distancing
guidelines.” The curfew has also seen an extension, as it will now be
from 9pm to 6am this will apply to everyone apart from permitted workers. “Nobody is allowed outside their place of residence during
the curfew. The adjusted level 3 restrictions will make everyone
responsible for wearing a mask legally for wearing a mask in public. From now on it is compulsory for every person to wear a
mask in a public space.” Those who will not wear masks will be arrested and will be
fined or imprisoned for not more than six months.