SHEBEEN queen Patricia Moletsane of Patty’s Inn in Meadowlands, Soweto, will be out of business for the next two weeks. But she believes President Cyril Ramaphosa has done the right thing. Patty said it’s been difficult to deal with drunk customers who don’t listen. “When cops find people not complying we stand a chance of losing our licences. It’s going to be tough, but people’s lives are more important than profit,” she said. “When the president lifts the ban next month, hopefully they’ll understand how serious Covid-19 really is.” Cosatu secretary general, Bheki Ntshalintshali, told eNCA recently: “We think it was necessary for the president to take some of the actions. But we regret that we’re at this stage because there’s been a lack of enforcement of the regulations.” He said Mzansi would have been in a different position had there been enforcement. “We emphasise that frontline workers, doctors and nurses have our sympathy. But our economy is bleeding. There’re areas where we may never recover.” In a statement, the EFF said it welcomed the prohibition of gatherings and ban on booze. “Under the influence of alcohol, people don’t wear masks, don’t sanitise and don’t keep the needed social distance,” said the EEF. The Red Berets were worried about government’s capacity to enforce its own laws. The Beer Association of SA said the third alcohol ban will lead to job losses and and an increase in illegal sales. CEO of the association, Patricia Pillay, said: “We don’t agree with the blanket alcohol ban announced by President Cyril Ramaphosa on Monday night.” She said the previous bans had a devastating impact on the beer industry, with 7 400 job losses, R14,2 billion in lost sales revenue, and 30% of breweries being forced to shut their doors. “Government lost R7,4 bilion in taxes and excise duties that could have helped fight Covid-19. This ban will do untold economic damage to the sector and the 415 000 livelihoods it supports.” Pillay said the liquor industry and government should encourage moderate, responsible consumption.“We will therefore continue to engage with government on what needs to be done to save lives and livelihoods as we work together to beat Covid-19,” “We have adopted a zero-tolerance approach to non-compliant businesses by cutting off supply to any outlets and establishments that have been found guilty of flouting Covid-19 directives,” she said