LIMPOPO Premier Stanley Mathabatha officially launched a festive season operation in Polokwane on Friday, 11 December. The campaign was held under the theme: “Arrive alive 365 days waya waya.” According the office of the premier, the operation is aimed at ensuring all road users adhere to the rules of the road during this festive season and beyond. The launch kickstarted with a parade from the SABC park to Polokwane municipality park, then later proceeded to Shell garage on the N1 where a roadblock operation was conducted. Mathabatha told Daily Sun their province experienced a huge flow of traffic during this time of the year. “Safety should be consistent throughout the years,” said Mathabatha. He said it is a shock for the province to always record huge numbers of deaths on the roads. “We cannot afford to continue losing precious lives due to the ignorance of our road users on the roads,” said Mathabatha. He said it is crucial for motorists to adhere to the rules of the road to arrive alive. “The government does not ask for too much but only for the basics that made all the drivers pass their driver’s licenses to be applied,” he said. “The government is trying by all means to build proper roads which we believe will bring about a smooth flow of traffic on the roads. “We are also declaring a war against the potholes which cost many of our lives on the roads,” he said. Mathabatha said it is important that all the K53 rules are being obeyed to ensure that lives are being saved. “We are heading into the festive season and we therefore need be on alert so to ensure that we all crossover to the next year,” he said. Mathabatha said he believes the recently opened Polokwane N1 ring road will give a smooth flow of the traffic coming in and out of Polokwane. MEC for Transport Mavhungu Lerule-Ramakhanya said countless of traffic officers will be deployed to every road across the province to ensure there is a smooth driving on the roads and that those who break the rules are bust. “We will not rest until we win the battle against the reckless and drunk and driving drivers who tend to take advantage of our officers,” said Lerule-Ramakhanya. “It is our wish as provincial government to record a 0% death rate on our roads throughout the festive season, however that can only be achieved if our road users adhere to the road rules,” she said. Motorist, Calvin Motjatji said: “I am worried that many drivers continue to be ignorant on the roads and that such operations should be conducted throughout the year.” Hundreds of vehicles were stopped and searched during the operation.