Let’s
clarify… no matter your skin tone, you need sun protection! There is the myth
that darker skin tones don’t need protection from the sun, but although sun
damage may not be as noticeable on darker skin tones as on fairer skin, the UV
rays of the sun can still cause damage, as well as skin cancer. “It is a
misconception that the darker your skin the safer you are from sun damage and
skin cancer,” offers Alexa Wilding, senior brand manager for Everysun. “Unprotected
skin will be affected by the sun, no matter the skin tone. Although, red,
sunburnt skin is more visible on fairer skin, all skin types need to be
protected when out in the sun.” When the
skin absorbs the UV rays an increase in activity and number of melanocytes
occurs and causes a brown pigment called melanin. Melanin helps to block out
the damaging UV rays, but only up to a point. Due to this, darker skin tones
are less likely to get sunburnt, and although sunburns can increase the chance
of skin cancer, exposure to the sun’s UV rays can also increase the risk of
cancer without causing sunburn. A 2016
study showed that although skin cancer was more prevalent in people with fairer
skin tones, it didn’t discount those with darker skin tones. In fact, the study
proved that fatalities from this type of cancer was higher in darker skin toned
people, due to them only being diagnosed much later into their illnesses. It is
important to check on a regular basis for any skin abnormalities and consult a
dermatologist should anything unusual be detected. “Being safe
in the sun, especially over the summer months, should be a priority. Using and
applying your sunscreen in the morning before leaving the house, and topping up
during the day, especially if taking part in activities such as swimming and
exercising, should be part of your daily routine,” explains Wilding. “A high
SPF should be used to give you the best protection, no matter your skin tone,
and those with sensitive skin should look for a product that offers suitable
protection for them.” A great way
to judge the sun damage that can be caused to your type of skin tone is to use
the Fitzpatrick scale, developed by a dermatologist in 1975 to determine how a
person’s skin will react to sun exposure: Type 1:
ivory skin that always freckles and burns, does not tan Type 2:
fair to pale skin that burns and peels often, and tans minimally Type 3:
fair to beige skin that occasionally burns, sometimes tans Type 4:
light brown or olive skin that rarely burns, tans easily Type 5:
brown skin that rarely burns, tans easily and darkly Type 6:
dark brown or black skin that rarely burns, always tans. Types one
to three have the greatest sunburn risk, while types four and six have a lower
risk but can still occasionally burn. However, all types need to protect their
skin with sun protection during the day, throughout the year. The
Everysun range offers complete sun protection for all skin types. Together with
its family lotion and sensitive skin lotion all outdoor activities this summer
will be enjoyed with the added protection of Everysun. - Supplied