GOOD Party secretary-general Brett Herron has called for
action to be taken against non-complying restaurants. This is after a video of
dancing and singing patrons without masks believed to be at La Parada
restaurant in Constantia Nek went viral. This happens while Ramaphosa sets to address the nation
regarding the update on COVID-19 regulations. "A video filmed at a Cape Town restaurant called La Parada,
in Constantia, on Monday night shows disturbing scenes of a crowd
of patrons partying with total disregard for Covid-19 regulations,” said
Herron. The incident reportedly happened during the performance of
Goodluck band at the place on Monday. @PresidencyZA @CyrilRamaphosa please in your speech don’t focus on Taverns and after tears only, When you ask yourself why we are getting harsher lockdown restrictions… perhaps you just need to look at videos like these tooThis was yesterday at @LaParada_ZA in Constantia Nek. pic.twitter.com/dJK7s0yDQF  The band has since issued a statement
apologising for the incident. “Last night we performed at an event that was hosted and run
by La Parada, a venue in Cape Town. Since then a video has been circulating of
an unmasked crowd dancing to our music with Jules singing on a table and we
would like to unreservedly apologise for how it looked and the part that we had
to play in that situation,” said Goodluck. Herron said the restaurants that are not complying with
Covid-19 regulations risk having more restrictions not only on themselves but
others who were complying. “Besides their irresponsibility, the La Parada restaurant,
the band that performed last night, and all the patrons are guilty of
knee-capping their industry’s argument that they have the discipline to operate
safely. Instead, they have placed lives and other businesses in their industry
in jeopardy,” said Herron. The sole GOOD MPL in Western Cape provincial parliament said
those disregarding lockdown regulations must be punished. “For the sake of
those who are trading responsibly and within the rules, and who wish to
continue to do so, those who are irresponsible should face the consequences,”
he said. Goodluck said for the safety of its fans, they have decided
to cancel all their December shows. "We will be issuing an official
announcement on the process for ticket refunds. Once again we truly sorry for the upset and
anguish that has been caused it was never our intention,” the band said.