SOCIAL Development Minister Lindiwe Zulu was not impressed to hear her department’s officials had invited more than 200 people to a launch. Zulu was officially opening the JB Marks Treatment Centre in Potchefstroom in the North West on Saturday, 12 December. While briefing the minister about the new centre, social development chief director Thabo Kgobe told the minister they had planned everything so perfectly and had even organised to have more than 200 people there. Concerned by what Kgobe had said, Zulu discouraged gatherings of large numbers during the spike of Covid-19 cases. “You do not listen. You cannot seriously invite such a large number of people. I have asked you nicely that please do not bring a lot of people. "People are at the venue and spending hours there,” she said. “Its not about me, it's about the people that you are transporting to the centre. Having such big numbers is a problem,” she said. Zulu was also not impressed that the new centre had big, expensive laundry machines which had not been used. The centre currently outsources laundry services. Zulu said her department needed to monitor and evaluate its assets. She said in the North West the buying of equipment that was not used was a norm. “In Taung, social development bought machines for co-operatives. I went there and the machines were covered with bed sheets because they said they were supposed to go there and teach them how to use them. It was a year later. That machine was just covered,” she said. She pleaded with officials to inspect projects. She said the monitoring and evaluation of project was very weak and needed strengthening. She said in the the past the government made use of inspectors, but that was stopped as it was seen as "an apartheid thing". "It was used badly by apartheid but it has to be used properly by ourselves this time because people must know that when they are given these kinds of machinery, we cannot come back six month later and find nothing is functioning. I mean, if you were to ask how much each of these machines cost, you will get a shock of your life,” she said. Zulu had a chance to walk around the centre before addressing the crowd who had gathered for the launch. The centre has a capacity of 40 people.  Social Development MEC Boitumelo Moiloa said the centre will alleviate the impact of substance abuse.  The reason for centre in Potchefstroom was that the area had a high prevalence rate of substance abuse. "We have seen an increase in cases of gender-based violence. The centre will assist us in terms of rehabilitation," she said.