The Enlightened Christian Gathering (ECG) church may be
without a venue for their infamous New Year’s Eve Miracle night event. This after the church's application to use the Bingu
National Stadium in Lilongwe Malawi was denied by the stadium management. According to the letter from the management, the stadium
will be undergoing maintenance in preparation for CAF inspection which will
happen in early January 2021. They also stated that the church may not be able to host the
event despite communication that the number to attend be reduced, the event is
most likely to attract people beyond the normal capacity of the stadium. They said this will contravene the Covid-19 pandemic
preventive measures. Self-proclaimed Prophet Shepperd Bushiri announced two weeks
ago that he will be hosting his cross over event there, even before he received
any approval for the use of the stadium. Bushiri who is now a fugitive with five warrants of arrests,
said while addressing his followers on his church social media pages, that
after spending some time in prayer and seeking direction from the Lord, he had
finally come to a decision concerning this year’s 2020-2021 crossover event. He said they know that he normally does the event at the FNB
stadium in Johannesburg but by looking at all that has been happening from the
pandemic and all these problems he has been having, he actually had a lot of
time to pray and seek the Lord and have his guidance and direction. "This is a great announcement to announce to all of
you. After your prayers and having you prayed for the crossover, many are
asking, what’s going to happen? I'd like to announce to you that with God's
direction and guidance, we'll be having the crossover to 2021 in the Bingu
stadium in Lilongwe," he said. ECG spokesman, Ephraim Nyondo, said they can confirm receipt
of the letter from the Bingu National Stadium (BNS) management about the
cancelation of hosting their Miracle Night Crossover on 31 December 2020. "Our church administration is swiftly and, with
necessary urgency and speed, acutely handling the matter and, therefore, we
appeal for calm to all our members and followers under the circumstances. "We shall keep you informed of any developments
envisaged thereon," he said.