KAIZER Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt has bemoaned the number of individual errors leading to goals that his side have conceded so far this season. But the 56-year-old has refused to point fingers at any of his players and insists the only way they can eradicate those mistakes is if they stick together and work on getting better as a team. Amakhosi’s tough start to the DStv Premiership season did not get much better after they were held to a 2-2 draw by struggling Black Leopards at the FNB Stadium on Wednesday. Chiefs goalkeeper and captain Itumeleng Khune made a shocking error as he passed the ball straight to Ovidy Karuru, who slotted into an empty net for his first goal before thumping a header past the 33-year-old for the second. Although Amakhosi rallied in the second half and secured only their sixth point in as many matches, Hunt was left disappointed and feeling like his side dropped two points against Lidoda Duvha. “Any mistake on any football pitch is disappointing,” said Hunt in reaction to Khune’s blunder. “Everybody makes mistakes but it’s disappointing. Football is a game of mistakes, it happens. “We have to stick together, we stuck together and we were very calm at half-time. “We made some tactical changes which worked and it was one-way traffic in the second half. “In saying that, we still could have won the game. It was a good come back but we keep moving on.” Hunt, who is battling to find his feet since making the switch from now-defunct Bidvest Wits at the beginning of the season, believes his side are responsible for many of their problems. However, he believes it’s nothing that they can’t fix if they knuckle down and continue working hard on the training ground. “You can’t do anything about the individual errors that we make,” added Hunt. “It happens in football. All you can do is work on certain situations. “But we do have to eradicate those errors. We did the same against Orlando Pirates and we gave away two-three goals and that’s the part we have to keep working on. That’s all we can do.” Amakhosi are next in action on Tuesday (7.30pm) when they face SuperSport United at the Lucas Moripe Stadium.