Dipuo Mashoka (50) from Marikana squatter camp in Cape Town is grateful to be alive. Speaking to Daily Sun, Mashoka said she was in Eastern Cape when her two-room shack was burnt by a mysterious fire. “I went to the Eastern Cape and when I come back I found my home burnt. I am still shocked about what has happened.” According to her, the fire was spotted by kids who we’re playing and they immediately reported it to their elders. “My neighbour said when they arrived they saw a fire coming out from the fridge. It started there and destroyed my fridge,” said Dipuo. She said they checked the electricity wires but everything seemed fine. “The fire happened at around 7.30pm and at the same time, I started feeling sick while in the Eastern Cape. “I was feeling fine the whole day but around that time, I almost died because I was rushed to hospital after complaining about a sharp pain in my back.” Dipuo believes it was vutha that was sent to kill her. “Getting sick at the same time when there was a fire in my house is not a coincidence. It happened that way because I was supposed to be in the same room when the fire started and die there. It was going to look like the fire killed me,” said Dipuo. She doesn’t know who would want to see her dead but hopes God will reveal the person who sent vutha to her home.  “I lost my kids’ Christmas clothes, fridge, stokvel food and a cupboard. I would appreciate it if someone can help me,” said Dipuo. She’s unemployed and lives with kids between the ages of two and 13 years old. “I don’t know where to start or go to get help. I don’t know what we are going to eat during Christmas because our food was also destroyed by that evil fire. Anyone who can assist me can do so because I have run out of ideas,” said Dipuo. A resident said Dipuo was lucky she was not there when it happened. “That fire was fighting everyone trying to calm it down. It was not a normal fire. It was sent to kill them,” said the resident. According to her, the kids saw the fire when it started and there was no way anyone could control it. “If it was a normal fire it was going to be easy to control it, but that one was small but very powerful. “We knew it was sent by some evil people and we are sorry that we couldn’t save her things but we tried,” said the resident.