MARITZBURG United coach Ernst Middendorp has confirmed that he’ll have six of his first eleven players when they face Bloemfontein Celtic in the first game of 2021 when the season resumes. Middendorp’s side wasn’t at the full strength as they were without key players in a 2-2 draw against Stellenbosch FC at Harry Gwala Stadium on Friday. But when they host Siwelele on 2 January at the same venue, players such as Bongokuhle Hlongwane, Phumlani Ntshangase, Tebogo Tlolane, Nathanael Bongo Mbourou, Thabiso Kutumela, who all missed the Stellies’ clash with unknown reasons will be back. The Team of Choice are still at the bottom of the DStv Premiership table after eight matches with two points and will need these players as the game against Celtic will be followed by one against Middendorp’s former club Kaizer Chiefs away. The German coach said if these players were fit and available on Friday, things would have been different. “This was a massive reduction of our squad from quantity and quality point of view,” said Middendorp. “But they’ll be back next week when we are preparing the first game of January 2021 against Celtic.” Without these players, it showed for Maritzburg despite making their intentions clear from the onset. Striker Judas Moseamedi put the Team of Choice ahead in the third minute just after the game had started. However, that was short-lived as Steve Barker’s boys soon equalized through Marc Van Heerden in the 10th minute. Four minutes later, Maritzburg re-established the lead again when Moseamedi completed his brace. While the Midlands club was on the verge of their first maximum points this season, they completely lost concentration. They failed to cut the ball from the left and the Cape Winelands side punished them through Nigerian striker Stanley Dimgba. Not only that was a horrible defending, but also their goalie Sebastien Mwange’s failing to come out of his line to collect the ball was the cause for concern. However, Maritzburg hit the post twice and Middendorp was encouraged with what he saw. “The players were committed, they were focused,” said Middendorp. “We made mistake in attack and in defense but that was because we didn't have a full squad. "They were possibilities where we needed to tap the ball in but we wanted to destroy the net. If we got the third goal, we would have won the match.”