LUCKY “Zwide” Nxumalo may be gone, but he will certainly not be forgotten as he touched the lives of the people he crossed paths with. Friends, family and colleagues gathered in Auckland Park, Joburg to remember the renowned photojournalist yesterday. Although he was in pain in his last days, he always assured those he loved that he would beat the deadly stomach cancer he had been battling for more than a year. He was described as one photographer who always offered a helping hand to most young journalist he worked with. Some speakers described him as a jack of all trades who would want to help with anything under the sun, even assisted with car problems.  Gauteng police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele said he knew Lucky from when he was still an investigating officer. Speaking during the memorial service, Makhubele said: “What will surprise you is that Bhuti Lucky would know more than us about these criminals. You would not know how he got to know some of the information. He was ahead of the intelligence in the SAPS.”  Makhubele said even when he moved to communications, Lucky would call at 1am in the morning and tell them about the scene they were yet to know about it. In a letter, his kids said he lived his life well through laughter and love.  It read: “He has gained the respect of intelligent men and the love of children. He accomplished his task. “He leaves the world better than he found it. We’ll always remember that special smile, that caring heart, that warm embrace you always gave us.  “You were there for us through good and bad times no matter what. We’ll always remember you, dad, because there’ll never be another one to replace you in our hearts, and the love we will always have for you.”  Daily Sun editor Mapula Nkosi said: “He would help you with a smile. He would take care of journalists that had been forgotten, mainly the black veteran journalists.” Representing the SA Photographers, Siphiwe Sibeko said: “As photojournalists who work for different media houses, we are supposed to strive to be the best among each other. But when we are out on the field, Lucky forgot about competing and putting himself first. He’d look out for others. He always wanted to make sure everyone was safe and got the story or picture they wanted. “He had a great work ethic and treated everyone with respect, whether it’s the people he photographed, his colleagues or people he meets when he’s out on assignments.” 