WEEKS before former finance minister Nhlanhla Nene was fired, Gupta-linked individuals knew about his sacking. This was the evidence of former CEO of Trillian Financial Advisory, Mosilo Mothepu, at the Commission of Inquiry into State Capture on Thursday, 10 December. Mothepu told the commission that Eric Wood told her that Nene was going to be fired and replaced by new minister, Desmond van Rooyen. “The next morning I went to Wood’s office and said ‘oh you were right about Nene’ and he said of course,” testified Mothepu, who added Wood even went further to tell her Van Rooyen would be assigned a special team which would carry out a mandate that she said was contained in a document. Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo suggested that the evidence leaders should get the document, which according to Mothepu had a 12 point plan. That included privilege information on any tender that government would issue. Mothepu said there was a weird relationship between state-owned enterprises and the Gupta allies. “They tried to do what the service provider told them to do, which was a word relationship. But they wanted a loan and if it didn’t happen, someone would call Essa Salim and it would happen. At the time, I thought wow they hit the jackpot, they have such close relationships and sometime the chairpeople would come to our offices,” she said about in relationships between SOEs and business people linked to the Guptas. Mothepu testified that Wood and Salim were more in control of operations than the clients were and she personally became aware of it. She said she later reported this to the public protector. Mothepu also revealed that another Gupta ally Mohamed Bobart moonlighted for the finance ministry as special advisor to Van Rooyen. She said she found out after one of the drivers at Trillian was designated to driving him. She said it took her time to realise this and Wood informed her when she confronted him about the driver. She said when Van Rooyen was moved to the Department of Co-operative, Governance and Traditional Affairs, Borbat moved with him and his appointment remained a secret until it was reported in the media. That sent Wood into a panic frenzy. She said Borbat had to sign a “backdated” resignation letter.