  A Khayelitsha
constable has been charged with drunk and negligent driving after being caught
in videos circulating on social media. In those
videos, the SAPS member is seen getting out of a police van approaching a taxi
driver and starts beating the taxi driver. Brigadier
Novela Potelwa said the SAPS management in the Western Cape has learned with
shock of videos doing rounds on social media platforms of a police official
involved in a motor vehicle accident and a fight with a taxi driver in
Khayelitsha. “On Wednesday
afternoon police officials from Lingelethu West police station who was busy
with a vehicle checkpoint on Spine Road were alerted to two vehicles that were
involved in an accident in Ilitha Park that led to an altercation between the
two drivers,” said Potelwa. According
to her, the report indicated that one of the vehicles was a marked police van
and upon arrival, they found the two vehicles damaged and a SAPS member in
uniform who appeared unsteady on his feet. "The
Lingelethu West Police station officials took him for testing, he was
subsequently charged for driving under the influence of alcohol,” added
Potelwa. He is a
33-year-old constable attached to Khayelitsha Site B police station in the
crime prevention unit. "An internal disciplinary investigation has since
been instituted, the identity of the taxi driver is known and he will be
interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation," Potelwa
said the SAPS management condemns the unbecoming conduct of the police officer
and undertakes to ensure that there will be consequences for his actions. "In
the same breath the conduct of the taxi driver is the subject of the police
investigation, police officials are reminded to uphold the name of the South
African Police Service at all times in the manner they carry themselves. One of the
residents who saw when the incident happened said the police officer had
passengers in the police van. "He
was with girls, they were all drunk, and that police officer is the one who
started hitting the taxi driver, I do not blame the taxi driver for beating him
up," said the resident. Monwabisi
Mjuza a 45-year-old said the police officers do not respect their jobs because
they know nothing will happen to them. “Why did he
have drunk girls in a state car in the first place, the minister needs to
punish the police officers like this one because they are continually doing bad
things because they know that they won't be punished", added Mjuza.