AFRICAN National Congress Gauteng Provincial Secretary
General tied the knot today with his lovely and bubbly wife Nthabeleng
Khabutlane. The kasi of Waldrift was abuzz with ululation, song and
dance as the Khawe’s welcomed their newly wedded makoti to their home. Scores of fellow comrades, friends and family gathered at
the Khawe family house in celebration of the wedding. Among the scores of friends and family who graced the event
was Gauteng MEC for Sports, Arts and Culture and Recreation Mbali Hlope,
Emfuleni Local Municipality Mayor Gift Moerane and many more. Lavish vehicles, stylish dress codes and giant politicians were
the order of the day as local residents came out in their numbers to view. The couple started with the first festivities in
Bloemfontein, where the Khabutlane welcomed the Khawe’s at their home. Several wedding activities were performed at the
Khabutlane’s. With drizzling showers that poured soon as the makoti
arrived, the party continued without any doubt. Chairing the occasion as the MC, Sedibeng District
Municipality MMC for Human Settlement Madisebo Kgomoeasera said Nthabeleng will
make nothing but a good wife to the Khawe’s, as she showed love to Jacob’s
children. “When we were at Bloemfontein, Jacob’s children were made to
line up during the festivities and Nthabeleng hugged them all. This was the
first signs of her being a good makoti. Nthabeleng, please love Jacob’s
children as your own,” she said. Emfuleni Local Municipality Mayor Gift Moerane opened the session with a
prayer and advised the couple on a health marriage. “The choice of picking a
partner in life is through the will of God. You don’t enter a marriage hoping
you still have all the right in the relationship,” he said. “In marriage we
support each other; no man is above a woman. Respect your partner. To you my
sister (Nthabeleng), If you want to melt the heart of your man, just give him
respect, that’s all man want,” he added. Khawe and Nthabeleng have been recently
in the news, following allegations of contract meddling. According to reports,
Jacob was accused of using his position as Secretary General to influence
awarding of insurance contracts in the provinces municipalities. Jacob has since
refuted the allegations claiming he never used his position to influence to
benefit anyone. While the love birds enjoyed their day, families always showed
love to both Jacob and Khawe as they promised to stand by them.