Men should seek help when they have family problems. That’s the message from three men from Vosloorus in Ekurhuleni who completed a 572 kilometres walk to Durban in an effort to raise awareness against gender-based violence. They wanted to encourage men not to take their anger out on their wives, partners or children. The walk began on 25 November in Vosloorus. They travelled between Mpumalanga and ended in Durban on 10 December. The three, Motsamai Tsotetsi, Sphiwe Nhlapo and Wiseman Langa, said the violence against women and children has reached alarming levels. Speaking to Daily Sun on Friday (18 December), Sphiwe (60) said men should be role-models to their children and wives. He said his wish is to host a workshop to teach young boys how to take care of women and how to handle family disputes. He said: “The young boys need to know building a family is not easy. Even if they are dumped they must not kill their partners and kids.  “Some even demand their belongings once their relationship ends. They need to know that what they bought during happy times with their partners stays.” Motsamai (60) said he was happy they accomplished their mission to raise awareness about GBV. “We all want to live a peaceful life were women can walk freely without fear. Men must not be shy to speak out about their problems because there are social workers and other organisation that can help them. “Killing their love ones is not a solution. They should be the ones who protect their families,” he said. Wiseman (58) thanked everyone, including business people, who supported them throughout their journey. He said during their journey they engaged communities on the streets and malls. He said: “Gender-based violence is a widely known problem that is mainly perpetrated by men. “Ending violence in our communities is the responsibility for all of us. Reducing gender-based violence is possible and reaching young people through education is key. “It pains me to hear stories of men who killed themselves and their families because they had an argument with their wife or partner. “Some incidents kids end up being orphans because of the domestic violence,” said Wiseman. He said the’re planning to walk to Cape Town next year. “We want to spread awareness and urge men to stop abusing women and children.” Wiseman said their walk ended at Point Police Station in Durban where they handed over a memorandum.