WHILE the year was tough for most SunLanders, life still went on normally for others. As usual, your favourite paper was there to capture all the moments. Whether good, bad or ugly, Daily Sun was there to bring you all the news. Among your most favourite stories this year was the one about a man who planted a tree to make his 4-5 grow. However, the man couldn’t later find the tree to chop it down as he didn’ want his member to grow any further. He became frustrated as it won’t stop growing. This is because he can’t find his 4-5 tree! The man’s nightmare started in 2017 when he planted a 4-5 tree (mpfunguri) as he wanted a bigger member. The man now urgently needs help. BLONDIE MAKHENE: MEN ARE TRASH! “I’m a Venda man and we have a tree we plant and as it grows, so does one’s manhood. “I was happy when I consulted an elderly sangoma in my village and he helped me,” he said. The 37-year-old man, who’s originally from Mahwelereng outside Mokopane in Limpopo, but now lives in Midrand, Joburg, said he and his friend planted their trees in a mountainous area at the same time. He told Daily Sun even though they planted the trees together, they never planned to cut them together. “My friend cut his in 2018. But I decided to let it grow another year,” said the man. “I wanted to have a bigger 4-5 because I wasn’t happy with the one I had.” He said his sex life improved as he could go longer and his erection was stronger. Last year, he asked his friend to accompany him to where they’d planted the trees. But they found so many trees and he didn’t know which one was his. “My mistake was to not mark it. I didn’t know which one to cut.” The man said he didn’t know what to do as he couldn’t live like this. SHE WAS PREGNANT WITH ANOTHER MAN'S CHILD! “My girlfriends have left me because of this. I consulted different izangoma, but none of them were able to help.” The man’s friend (36) said he didn’t regret planting his tree and was happy with his size. “I wish my friend had cut his tree at the same time as me,” said the friend.” The man’s uncle (59) told the People’s Paper he warned his nephew and friend not to forget the spot where they’d planted their trees. “This is really a problem and I hope we find help.” Sangoma Maweni Ngobese told Daily Sun even though she’s dealt with this problem before, it was one of the hardest things to deal with for any sangoma. “I can help him stop it from growing, but I won’t be able to shrink the size. But the process will be painful and it takes a while,” said Maweni.