IF Cape Town City are to challenge for the DStv Premiership title this season, they will have to start giving the big boys of the league a run for their money. And this giant step will have to start with Orlando Pirates, whom they face next at the Danie Craven Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). This is according to their Dutch coach Jan Olde Riekerink, who is convinced the Citizens have what it takes to fight it out at the top of the standings. The Mother City outfit have previously shown that they are capable of mounting a strong challenge – albeit under different coaches as they have only inished outside the top six, just once since their formation in 2016. Riekerink is determined to take the Citizens to the next level, but for that to happen, they need to improve their form against the top teams. “We need to do better, if we aim to challenge even for the top five because at this rate we are behind schedule,” said Riekerink. “We play Pirates next and they are a top team, I have watched their games and they have been very good. “Pirates, Mamelodi Sundowns, Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United are never easy games for any team. “But if we want to compete in this league then we have to start doing better against these teams. “We have not been bad, it has been an acceptable start to the season but we should do better if we want to challenge.” Pirates have been one of the better teams in the early stages of the season and currently sit third on the log with nine points. They are one of only five unbeaten teams in the league having won twice and drawn three times in their five matches. Riekerink will be hoping to inflict the first league defeat on Josef Zinnbauer’s Buccaneers who knocked them out of the MTN8 on their way to the final of that competition. The Citizens head into the match still holding their breath on the fitness of Aubrey Ngoma who is yet to make his second debut since his return to the club at the beginning of the season. “I must say, he’s a fantastic guy and is working hard to return. “The only reason he hasn’t played is because he hadn’t played in a long time and it’s not easy for him,” added Riekerink.