GUITARIST and gospel artist, Lusanda Mcinga, has survived Covid-19. The Abanye Bayawela singer was admitted on Monday to Nelson Mandela Hospital in Mthatha, Eastern Cape. On Tuesday, 29 December, her son Betusile posted a video of her leaving the hospital. The caption to the video read: “It can only be God. Thanks to the Nelson Mandela Hospital doctors, nurses, the entire staff, friends and family who stood with us in prayer and supported us. “You gave us advice and motivation. A survivor walking out smiling.” His post was soon flooded with messages of comfort and support. One fan wrote: “I’m happy for you, Mathole. Walk free and feel free. We thank God for saving you and can’t lose you like that.” ALSO READ: WITH BUSI IN SPIRIT! Princess Phallo Manyamana wrote: “Our God is faithful. I’ll tell my mum. She was hurting when I told her about Thole being ill.” Betusile told Daily Sun it was a difficult time for the family. “It started as a normal flu, but before we knew it she developed all those Covid-19 symptoms. “What made her condition worse was the fact that she already had an underlying chest problem. “By the time we took her to the hospital she’d lost her sense of taste and smell. “She was struggling to breathe and her condition was worsening each minute. Fortunately, she got medical attention on time.” Betusile said his mum was relaxing at home and doing well. “At this time, we’d like to thank everyone who was with us in prayer. It means a lot to us. I can assure friends, family, fans and the public that she’s fully recovered. “She’s now at home taking good care of herself,” he said. Lusanda, who spent time in ICU, also received powerful prayers from Pastor Paseka Motsoeneng, also known as Mboro. In a video clip, Mboro can be seen interacting with and praying for Lusanda during the Chrismass service. “I can recall when you came to church and sang for us. It was in Durban. You sang there and saw people getting healed,” said Mboro. “Today, you’re the one who’s sick. But I want to tell you that this is your time. “Your life is a testimony and a ministry. You’ll prove that you’re an artist that beat corona. “God is calling you, Lusanda Mcinga. You’re in ICU right now, but I’m here to tell you that you’ll not be using that oxygen. “We’re not faking this thing. You’ll be out by Monday.”