Residents of Worcester in the Western Cape were shocked after a security guard stabbed a booze customer to death on Saturday afternoon. Worcester resident told Daily Sun the man and the guard had argued after he refused to wear a mask. “He was in the queue to buy booze but he was wearing the mask below his mouth and when the security ordered him to wear it properly, a fight started,” Zandile Wadla from the area. In a video posted on Facebook by Federico Smith Swart Teir, the man is seen exchanging words with the security guard. The man is then heard shouting that “the first time you did it and now it’s the second time, I don’t care”. The guard then presses the man to the ground in front of the liquor shop. One man is heard in the video telling the two to stop fighting. After the security guard stopped and stood up, the man pulled a knife from his waist before charging towards the security guard. The guard tried to run away, but the man wielding a knife followed him towards the supermarket. The video then shows a group of people screaming as the security guard fights back. The body of the man soaked in blood is then seen lying at the entrance of the supermarket. The security allegedly disarmed and stabbed the man. Shoprite confirmed the incident happened at one of their liquor shops. “The supermarket chain can confirm an incident at its Shoprite Liquor Shop Russel Street in Worcester on Saturday, 12 December. “We’d like to refer you to the local police who are investigating the matter.” Western Cape police spokeswoman Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana confirmed the incident. “A case of murder has been opened for investigation after a 31-year-old man died on Saturday. According to information, the deceased refused to adhere to Covid-19 regulations. He allegedly stabbed a security guard aged 40 who retaliated. The 31-year-old victim died on the scene while the security guard was taken to hospital with stab wounds. The circumstances surrounding this incident are under investigation with no arrest yet,” said Rwexana.