FIVE-YEAR-OLD Jonex Mazizwa didn’t know his mum’s name and didn’t know where he was going, but he knew he was going to get his special toy! Jonex has received a toy for the first time in his life. With a Shoprite specials catalogue in his hand, no money in his pocket, and only his cap, Jonex walked almost a kilometre from his flat near Kwa Mai Mai to the Jewel City Mall near Doornfontein, Joburg, to get his dream toy. The little boy wanted a robo-toy priced at R200. When he got to the mall on Wednesday afternoon, he was spotted by security guards. “He was getting lost. He told security guards he was alone and pointed at a picture of the toy from the catalogue,” said Elzanne Crous, Quemic Security Company human resource manager. Crous said their tactical response team contacted local police. Sergeant Fhatuwani Kubasa from Jeppe cop shop told Daily Sun Jonex didn’t know his mum’s name but was smart enough to tell them where he was from and pointed to the block of flats where he and his mum live. On Friday, after Quemic Security had arranged with the police, they met Jonex with his mum Chibbie (27) and bought him his favourite toy. “We asked him to get another toy and he chose a toy gun. He was so happy,” she said. When the SunTeam visited Jonex, he wouldn’t take his hands off his toys. Chibbie, a mother of two, braids hair to make ends meet and relies on Jonex’s dad for money. “I’m happy his dream was fulfilled,” she said. “He always begged me for toys but I don’t have money. It broke my heart. “The little money I get goes straight to food. I can’t even afford taking him to creche because his little sister needs milk and nappies.” She said she didn’t realise Jonex had wandered off to the mall because he often goes outside in the corridors to play with his friends because he enjoyed playing with their toys. “I panicked when the police came knocking at my door,” she said . Jeppe police spokesman Captain Richard Munyai thanked the security company and the community. “This shows that working as a team goes a long way,” said Munyai.