Mzansi is not happy with Masechaba Ndlovu after she
alleged that Anele Ngcongca’s mother tested positive for Covid-19. The Department of Sports, Arts and Culture spokesperson Masechaba Ndlovu said this while announcing that Minister Nathi
Mthethwa will not visit the family any time soon. “Neither the MEC nor
Minister @NathiMthethwaSA can visit the family at this time as Anele's mother
has tested positive for COVID-19. For this reason, the funeral has been moved to next week,”
she twitted. Dear @robertmarawa, neither the MEC nor Minister @NathiMthethwaSA can visit the family at this time as Anele's mother has tested positive for COVID-19.For this reason the funeral has been moved to next week.  This did not sit well
with many social media users who asked her why  she was disclosing the illness of Ngcongca’s
mother without  permission. Veteran football presenter Robert Marawa gave Ndlovu a piece
of his mind. “The family has NOT released a statement on the nature of
illness of uMama and I'm not sure if you've been granted permission to publicly
disclose such...A diagnosis was ONLY received on Monday 30th November. Anele
passed away on 23 November...no statement,” tweeted  Marawa. Hi @MasechabaNdlovu ...The family has NOT released a statement on the nature of illness of uMama and I'm not sure if u've been granted permission to publicly disclose such....A diagnosis was ONLY received on Monday 30th November..Anele passed away on 23 November...no statement  In a thread of
tweets, Masechaba went on to disclose that Western Cape’s Department of
Cultural Affairs and Sports has availed R40 000  towards the funeral. Sundowns Football Club, she said it has availed R100 000
which is enough for the funeral. Anele’s sister
Siyasanga Ngcongca had earlier complained on Twitter that Minister Nathi
Mthethwa never visited or called the family after  the death of Anele. Marawa responded to
Masechaba that it was not about money to bury Anele, he was a well-paid footballer. “And no phonecall to the family came through from the
Minister or his office since his passing is all that @SiyasangaNgcon3 was
lamenting in her tweet. Nowhere did she say she's asking for money which is
what u r now highlighting in the pockets of donations u mention,” said Marawa. And no phonecall to the Family came through from the Minister or his Office since his passing is all that @SiyasangaNgcon3 was lamenting in her tweet. Nowhere did she say she's asking for money which is what u r now highlighting in the pockets of donations u mention. Anele was a  He said there was no
excuse for the Minister not to call or video call  or to visit Anele’s family in Johannesburg. One Twitter user
KAGISO@KAYG33_Tom_Pane said about Masechaba: “This  Masechaba person is way too forward, the
family confirmed that the Mother is ill, how
does she disclose such on this platform, and to think she's making
this all about money is out of line, she should apologize to the
family for this nonsense.” This Masechaba person is way too forward, the family confirmed that the Mother is ill, how does she disclose such on this platform, and to think she's making this all about money is out of line, she should apologize to the family for this nonsense @SiyasangaNgcon3 