THE Queen of Kwaito and her Prince were supposed to seal their marriage with a second celebration this month. Prince believes he and Mshoza were about to reconcile, but the family disagree. But that’s history. NOW NONE OF THE DREAMS THEY DREAMED TOGETHER WILL EVER COME TRUE. The singer, real name Nomasonto Maswanganyi, died two weeks ago, leaving her shattered husband behind. “We loved each other. We reached some great milestones together. We were building a future,” said Prince. “Sonto and I met last year at a friend’s place and started dating.” READ: MSHOZA'S FAMILY DRAMA! She was living in Witbank at the time but had money problems, so I moved her and her kids to Dawn Park in Ekurhuleni to live with me. They got married on 13 February and had a small celebration with family and friends. “Sonto said she loved me and wanted to marry me. She said I was the only person she truly ever loved. “We were already planning our wedding this December. We were going to have two ceremonies, one in Soweto and the other in Thokoza.” He said he was supposed to pay lobola but lockdown intervened.  Prince said he and Mshoza were taking a break from one another over the past few months. “Like any couple we had differences, but we weren’t going to divorce. When Sonto got sick, her sisters Thandi and Seipati got the opportunity to take her to Witbank,” he said. “They didn’t tell me they’d taken her. I found out some time later. That’s when they started hiding her from me. Nomasonto was going to be fine if she’d been nursed by other people.” He claimed Mshoza didn’t have a good relationship with her sisters. “Sonto had a problem with her sisters before she died. They didn’t like her. They said bad things about her. She didn’t want to die a Maswanganyi. They treated her badly. “Thandi was abusive. Sonto would call friends and ask them to chase Thandi away because she was abusive. “Thandi said Sonto mustn’t annoy her and asked her where her fans and her fame were, now that she was sick.” ALSO READ: ZODWA: ANGITHWELE MINA He said when he tried to reach out to her, they told him she didn’t want to speak to him and he shouldn’t worry about her health. Prince found out about her death through the media. “Everything has been bad since Mshoza’s death,” he said.  He opened a case of assault against Thandi at Springs cop shop on Friday after an alleged incident on Thursday where Thandi allegedly beat Prince. “At the mortuary last week, she swore at me, saying I was after her sister’s money. She slapped me, spat in my face and smashed my phone. Imagine that? During Covid-19 someone spitting in my face. “Had it been me, I would’ve been imprisoned for a long time, but Thandi was released within an hour of me pressing charges. She continued saying she’d kill me and beating me was nothing.” He said he couldn’t go to the funeral because he feared for his life. “I was advised not to go because of everything that was happening and I didn’t bury my wife.” He said he’s going to open another case. “The sisters took everything that Mshoza and I own on Monday and left without telling me. So I’ll be opening a case of theft,” he said. ALSO READ: I LOVE YOU MOMMY - MSHOZA'S DAUGHTER AT SERVICE Family spokesman, Khumbu Sithole, said: “We had to move to another place because it’s the beginning of a new month. We didn’t want to pay rent there. We didn’t run away. We’re not scared of Prince. We wouldn’t run away with furniture. “As to who owns what, that’ll be decided by the court. We’re ready. This is the beginning.” He wasn’t told about her death as they don’t see him as her husband. “Before he says we didn’t tell him about the death, he must tell you the status of his relationship with Mshoza. They were in the process of divorcing. Sonto had asked him to move out. Captain Kay Makhubele had not responded to our inquiry about the case opened against Thandi. 