GOODMAN Mosele is not letting reports about overseas interest in his services and talk of him attracting the attention of the so-called bigger sides locally get into his head. The Baroka FC midfielder maintains his focus is on improving his game and helping the Limpopo outfit secure a top eight finish as well as cementing his place in the national team. The 21-year-old, voted the Best Young Player in the Premiership last season, however said playing abroad was the ultimate objective. “It will be a dream come true,” said the player. There were reports during the latest transfer window that he was set to sign for an unnamed overseas team, said to be in Israel but Baroka reportedly turned down the offer. He has also been linked to local glamour club, Kaizer Chiefs, but such a move would be remote with Amakhosi serving a ban imposed by the Fifa on registering new players. The central midfielder is nonetheless not letting such talk distract him. “I only read and hear people talking about it,” said Mosele. “No one from the club has told me anything. I’ve decided not to entertain it and wait until my time comes. I think it’s better that way,” he said. “That’s why I’m not putting any of the rumours into my head. I’m just concentrating on improving my game and always being at my very best each and every game I play in.” Mosele disclosed his focus now was representing his country and helping Baroka secure a decent start to the season. “I want to help the team reach, at least, the top eight for the first time and get as many national team call-ups. For now, I’m aiming for the Under-23,” he said. Mosele was part of David Notoane’s U-23s that toured Saudi Arabia for two friendly matches last month. He played in the final encounter where South Africa drew 1-1. They lost the first match 3-2. Mosele was also part of the preliminary side Notoane named in February for the Tokyo Olympics but the tournament has since been postponed to next year because of the coronavirus (Covid-19) outbreak and lockdown restrictions imposed the world over. – CAJ News