THE GRAVE was dug, the tent was erected, relatives and friends spoke from the podium about their brother. But the funeral parlour had swapped the bodies. WHEN THEY OPENED THE COFFIN, A DEAD WOMAN STARED UP AT THEM! His body had been swapped by the Sicelimpilo Funeral Parlour. Nkosiphendule Mpinge (63) from Bizana in the Eastern Cape died a week ago after suffering a stroke. The family had planned to bury him on Saturday. ALSO READ:BUSHIRI'S MISSING MILLIONS “During the week we started with the funeral arrangements,” his sister, Gloria Sincadu told Daily Sun. “We had bought everything including food and cows.” She said when they went to the funeral parlour to fetch the body on Saturday morning, the officials gave them the body but instructed them not to open the coffin. “Their reason was that we might catch Covid-19,” she said. While the service was underway, people insisted on seeing the body to make sure it was Nkosiphendule. “When we opened the coffin we saw they had given us a woman’s body.” Eventually the funeral parlour agreed to take the body back to their mortuary. “They acknowledged their mistake and told us that the body was in Flagstaff,” said Gloria. She said they drove there but were told the body was in Harding, KZN.  Nkosiphendule’s younger brother, Thembelihle Somtsewu said one of the employees told them the body had been buried by another family and they had to dig it up. “The body is still with them,” said Thembelihle. “We don’t know when they will bring our brother back. They are avoiding our calls. They’ve even blocked our numbers,” said Thembelihle. “We are now sitting with an open grave. The funeral service has already taken place.” On Sunday the grave was still open. “The funeral parlour brought the body and tried to force it on us, but we chased them away,” said Thembelihle. “We want two cows to cleanse the family and for expenses. We are not going to the police. Instead we want them to cleanse our home and pay for damages. Otherwise they can eat that body.” Zamile Nyathi from the funeral parlour confirmed the bodies were swapped by their employees and acknowledged their mistake, but they didn’t think the mistake was worth two cows.  “We acknowledge the mistake. We have apologised to the family. “We are not prepared to pay two cows. We will give them a sheep to acknowledge our mistake,” he said. 