SABC1 and Vuma FM motivational speaker Thobani Makhaza was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Emmanuel Bible Institute on Sunday, 6 December. The former street kid and motivational speaker from Durban was honoured with a doctor of philosophy degree in human development. He’s helped more than 166 000 poor youth with a tertiary education through his non-profit organisation, Mind Empowers Youth Organisation. The graduation ceremony was held at Umlazi’s M section Hall, south of Durban. The 32-year-old, a motivational speaker on SABC1’s Listen for a Moment on Wednesday mornings and on Durban-based Vuma FM on Sundays, spent three years as a homeless person in Durban after his grandmother died. The eThekwini Municipality’s Safer Cities programme got him off the streets in 2008. Thobani said the problem started when his grandmother Lama Shangase, who was responsible for paying his university fees, died in 2005. “When my gogo died I was doing my second year of marketing at the Durban University of Technology. “After that I didn’t have a home and didn’t have money to pay for residence as I was not on Nsfas. “I was forced to be a street kid, but through the difficulties I used to face I realised that many of the youth need help with educational fees. I started my organisation in 2010.” ALSO READ | THE GOGO OF AMAPIANO DIES He said it’s been a difficult journey from being a street kid to becoming a motivational speaker on TV and radio while helping the youth. His organisation helps the youth to get into TVET colleges, specialising in civil, mechanical and electrical engineering. It also helps those who want to pursue a music career. “We wanted them to get jobs when they finished with their diplomas, that’s why we strictly lead them to engineering. “I’m happy that there are people who’re appreciating my job, which I was sent by God to do,” he said. Emmanuel Bible Institute registrar Dr Khulangezwi Ngema said they chose Thobani because of the good work he does for the youth. “Every three years we nominate one person who’s doing good for the community, and if we don’t get him/her we close it,” he said. “This year we found Makhaza and we thanked him for the seed he planted in the youth’s education.”