THE Covid-19 pandemic had an impact on everyone, including izangoma. But some of them used lockdown to move with the times and consulted with clients online. It was also during this time when Daily Sun launched Digital Bones, an online platform where Sangoma Nzama Maluleke helps readers. There were also stories that captivated readers this year. One such story was that of sangoma Mphumuzeni Ndwandwe from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni who exercised some punishment on Thulas Sthole (35). This after Thulas from Duduza stole from him. Ndwandwe made him soil himself, resulting in Thulani coming back to apologise. A sangoma who didn’t allow lockdown to shut him down was Sangoma Sdumo “Dumezizweni” Viwe (30) from Langa, Cape Town. He started online consultations, where he helped clients from the comfort of their homes.  Sangoma Sdumo told Daily Sun he sent clients their herbs after doing the online consultations. Izangoma are known for accepting money from people. But Sangoma Sibusiso “Mkhulu” Mathe made headlines when he gave away money. He told Daily Sun he knew things were hard during lockdown and vowed not to watch people suffer. He then made it his duty to help them with groceries and he also gave away money. Another story that grabbed people’s attention was that of Sangoma Fanyana Hlongwane, who confessed to getting his powers from Mamlambo. He told the People’s Paper he used snakes to heal people. Popularly known as Dr Ngaka Fanyana in Hammanskraal in Tshwane, he said he currently had three Mamlambos. “After my initiation as a sangoma, I began to feel some­thing was missing, but couldn’t figure out what it was. “I travelled across the country looking for fulfilment. My last journey was in KZN. The sangoma who was helping me said I was craving for a snake,” said Fanyana. He said they spent the entire week cleansing in the ocean until the sangoma brought him a snake one morning. “It was Mamlambo. He told me to hold it and that it was mine. “He said it will give me powers,” he said. Fanyana said he has since been surrounded by snakes. He said when customers come for consultation, he first consults with his snakes, depending on their problems.