HE OWED a certain bank an undisclosed amount of money for a loan he took out. So when a call centre agent called him asking why he hadn’t paid, he never thought he’d find happily ever after. And not only did Mthobisi Metene fing love, he even tied the knot with his partner, Norman. Sharing their love story with Daily Sun, Mthobisi said it all started after he lost his job.  “I owed the bank and received a call from debt collectors after months of not paying, asking me to pay,” said Mthobisi. The 30-year-old from Springs in Ekurhuleni said the call centre agent called him everyday about the loan settlement and even organised for his monthly payments to be reduced. “He asked for my address to bring forms for me to sign and I gave him the wrong address. I was worried by the way he called me everyday,” he said. “The man went to the address, but didn’t find me. He kept calling and I was willing to meet him. He then sent a tracker on his behalf, which I gave the correct address.” Mthobisi said he and the man met and he signed the agreement forms. “He continued to call, thanking me for cooperating. “We continued to talk over the phone, but it was no longer business related. “One day he told me to check my Facebook inbox and I discovered we had been chatting, but at the time, I didn’t realise he was the call centre agent,” he said. Mthobisi said Norman confessed how much he was in love with him. “I wasn’t sure about this, but decided to give our relationship a chance,” he said. On 31 August, the couple decided to take their relationship to the next level. “I was at his place and he bought two similar jerseys. He asked me to fit it and when I took it off, I found him kneeling with a ring in his hand,” said Mthobisi, adding that they firstly officially signed on his birthday, 26 November. The couple said “I do” on Saturday, 19 December. “It was not an easy journey as we fought before the wedding and the relationship was tense. But we never stopped loving each other. We fought very hard and thank God for his presence while we faced difficult times,” said Mthobisi.  He advised couples to be faithful to their partners and to be respectful and loving. Norman (26) from Mamelodi, Tshwane, said he fell in love with Mthobisi’s voice and politeness. “I broke the law, stole his contact details and searched for him on Facebook. “He was very hard to get, but I had to act quickly to show how much he means to me,” said Norman.