Nelson Mandela Bay Mayor Nqaba Bhanga vowed his newly appointed mayoral committee would work together and put the people of the city first. Bhanga announced his first mayoral committee on Wednesday (16 December) following his election as mayor at a special council meeting on 4 December. Bhanga has retained six MMCs who served under Athol Trollip during the first DA-led coalition, while three new faces have been named. Introducing his heads at the press conference in the Council Chambers at the Port Elizabeth City Hall, Bhanga said: “Voters placed us all together here. No one is here because of qualifications. Therefore, we need to work for residents of this metro. I know voters sometimes will put us here and the next, they’ll vote us out. “When forming a coalition government we must make sure that we create a government that won’t collapse at any moment. Hence we chose this day of reconciliation to show that the DA, UDM, ACDP, Cope and UF are committed to service delivery. “This team won’t fix everything but we will try by all means to deliver. This road of turning the fortunes of this city around is not going to be easy as people will throw stones at us,” said Bhanga Patriotic Alliance councillor Marlon Daniels, who was instrumental in the Bhanga appointment, left the coalition minutes before the briefing. He said: “I’m leaving this coalition. I believe that Bhanga will be the mayor for the festive season. Early next year he is going because there was an error in my election as acting speaker during that special council. Meaning all the decision taken in that meeting are null and void.” The MMCs are: Budget and Treasury - Malcolm Figg Public Health - Lance Grootboom Deputy Mayor - Thsonono Buyeye Electricity and energy - Luxolo Namente Infrastructure and Engineering - Masixole Zinto Roads and Transport - Rano Kayser Economic Development, Tourism and Agriculture - Siya Sijadu Corporate Services - Annette Lovemore Safety and Security - John Best Human Settlements - Mkhuseli Mtsila