LUC Eymael’s attorney has written to Safa on its refusal for the Belgium coach to get a work permit to coach Chippa United. Antoine Semeria said Safa has no authority to block Eymael for coaching the Port Elizabeth’s club. Eymael was appointed as a Chippa coach yesterday to replace the sacked Lehlohonolo Seema. However, Safa were left dismay by Chippa’s decision, saying they will be writing to the minister of Home Affairs to express “its objection to the granting of a work permit for him”. Safa also added they will request “the Ethics Committee of FIFA and SAFA to charge Mr Eymael as his despicable conduct is a violation of the codes of both bodies.” This comes after Eymael, when he left Young Africans Sports Club of Tanzania few months ago, lambasted the people, saying “I don’t enjoy your country (Tanzania). You are educated people. I’m disgusted. I don’t have a car, Wi-fi or DSTV. These fans don’t know anything about football. "It’s like monkeys of dogs when they are shouting.” However, Semeria has rejected this in the letter sent to Safa and in position of SunSport: “I come back to you in my capacity as a lawyer for Mr Luc Eymael , professional football coach, who tells me that your federation will oppose his arrival at the Chippa United Club,” the letter said. “This refusal would be explained by the fact that Mr Eymael guilty of having uttered racist remarks against Tanzania supporters when he was coaching Yanga. “As I indicated in my letter on 8 September 2020, my client contests having made these remarks. You seem to be ignoring the principle of presumption of innocence. “I’m therefore obliged to remind you that Mr Eymael is currently preparing a complaint against his former employers before Players’s Status Committee. “He intends to obtain fair and equitable compensation for the damage suffered as a result of his brutal, vexatious and unfounded eviction. He was unable to so before that date because of his disastrous moral and financial situation. “You have no authority to interfere with my client’s freedom of movement or his freedom to work. I therefore solemnly ask you to stop your practices and to leave Mr Eymael free to join the club of his choice. I reserve the copy of this letter for the Fifa Ethics Committee.” 