EVER since the country entered the Covid-19 second wave, more and more cases are being reported every day. The Polokwane Municipality under the Capricorn District in Limpopo has also entered the Covid-19 second wave. This comes after it recently recorded more than 30 cases daily than other municipalities in the province. Health MEC Phophi Ramathuba said she’s concerned about the number of major social events being organised across the province. She said most them are targeting teenagers and young people, especially pupils who have just completed matric. The MEC has urged parents to assist the municipality by discouraging their children to attend such gatherings where practising social distancing, wearing masks and hand sanitising has become impossible. “We have given our district command council programmes to follow and implement in order to get the Polokwane Municipality under control. If things don’t get better, we are going to be forced to impose stricter measures to curb the spread of the virus,” she said. “We have seen what happened in other parts of the country where these events have become super spreaders. “Parents must help us in order to protect themselves because after being infected at such an event, your child is coming home to infect all family members, some of whom will not survive this virus,” Ramathuba warned. The Waterberg District is also fast becoming an issue. “If a person comes to our hospital around midnight after being attacked or involved in a car accident, we are going to treat the person and then open a police case against the person for breaking the curfew. The police will deal with the person,” she said. She said while the province’s infection rate might appear to low for now, with active case incidence risk of 5.8/100 000 persons, they are concerned the Musina and Lephalale sub districts are on the alert. “Our major areas of concern where most of these gatherings will be happening are Polokwane and Thabazimbi which have now officially entered a high alert stage,” she said. Ramathuba said they continue to remind people to remain vigilant and do their part in curbing the spread of the virus so they can win this battle and defeat the second wave.