Hey football fans! The Premier League is back tonight with the highly anticipated north London derby between Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal. Ahead of this action-packed match, WWE x SupersSport Fantasy Football Feud predictions are in from the WWE Superstars and special guest, rapper AKA.The game will air live on SuperSport Premier League Channel 203, tonight at 18:30. Tottenham are at the top of the table going into this game and have finished above Arsenal for four seasons in a row. Arsenal are 14th - their worst start to a season in 39 years. While things may look bad for Arteta’s boys on the log, they have won three titles in the Premier League era while Spurs have failed to win a league title since 1961. WWE NXT Champion Finn Bálor had something to say about his favourite team ahead of Sunday’s game. “I have been a lifelong Tottenham Hotspur fan. I’ve had heartbreak after heartbreak with Tottenham, but I really feel like there’s something magical about what Jose Mourinho will bring us this year. The squad has depth for the first time in probably all my life as a fan. Whether it is the Premier League or not, it remains to be seen, but I definitely think we’ll bring home some silverware.” Bálor is all about his love for football, not just Tottenham. When asked who he thinks is the greatest footballer of all time, the Superstar believes that while Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and the late Diego Maradona are some of the greatest he has ever seen, one that stands out for him is Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The Swedish striker plays for Serie A club A.C. Milan and is widely regarded as one of the most devastating finishers of all time, having won 31 trophies in his career. Facing the famously physical Ibrahimovic on a celebrity game wouldn’t be an issue for the Irishman who says his own WWE fantasy 5-a-side team would consist of himself alongside fellow WWE Superstars Braun Strowman, Brock Lesnar, the Big Show and Roman Reigns. The two-time NXT Champion is excited to be part of WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud saying that he is definitely in it for the fun but confesses his fellow WWE Superstar, Cesaro knows more about the game than he does. Although not being as clued up about the other leagues, Bálor said his real fantasy is to headline a WWE Pay-Per-View at Tottenham Hotspur’s stadium in the future. Round 2 Prediction: Sunday, December 6 - Tottenham vs Liverpool (Premier League) It’s another unanimous forecast from the five fantasy feuders, who all predict a win for Spurs. But Sheamus is more optimistic about Spurs’ goalscoring abilities than Tottenham fan Bálor. It’s all even after the first round where all five feuders correctly predicted a Liverpool win to claim a point but failed to score the maximum three points from guessing the correct score. It’s two points for correctly predicting a draw. You can follow all the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud action right here in the Daily Sun and online on our website and social channels. Don't miss all the Premier League, LaLiga and UEFA Champions League action on SuperSport this December. Watch today’s Premier League match between Tottenham and Arsenal on SS Premier League in South Africa and SS Football Plus in the Rest of Africa, at 18:30 (CAT). Sunday, December 6 - Tottenham vs Arsenal (Premier League) Tuesday, December 8 - Barcelona vs Juventus (Champions League) Saturday, December 12 - Manchester United vs Manchester City (Premier League) Saturday, December 12 – Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid (La Liga) Wednesday, December 16 - Liverpool vs Tottenham (Premier League) Saturday, December 26 - Arsenal vs Chelsea (Premier League) Catch all the WWE action on ‘SuperSport WWE Channel 236 with Raw (Tuesday mornings in SA) and SmackDown (Saturday mornings in SA). How to Score Points: 1: guess the winning team 2: correctly predict a draw 3: get the score exactly right         