THE Mpumalanga Department of Human Settlements has received an additional grant of R138 million from the national Department of Human Settlements, Water and Sanitation. Acting head of the department, Doctor Nkosi, said the money has come in handy for the department as it will be used to accelerate the servicing of new sites. He said Mpumalanga was one of the four provinces that had received money in order to eradicate informal settlements and speeded up the acquisition of land. “We have set ourselves for serving of sites and upgrading of human settlements. This is in line with the MINMEC resolution and subsequent directive from the national department that our delivery should be more biased towards servicing of sites. “Servicing of sites is part of upgrading of the informal settlements programme and the residential development programme. Mpumalanga has been doing very well in terms of delivery in the last four years, adhering to the business plan, and it has been receiving additional funding,” he said. Nkosi was speaking at the department’s offices in Mbombela on Tuesday. He said their initial request for funding was R235 million. He said the amount would have come in handy for the acquisition of more land. “Our initial plan for additional funding of R235 million was to add to the current budget cuts and get more land. Now the focus will be more on servicing of sites in the Priority Human Development Areas in the province.” Nkosi has also indicated that there are six municipalities that stand to benefit from the funding because they have big integrated human settlements and informal settlement upgrade projects. The municipalities are the City of Mbombela, Msukaligwa, Mkhondo, Nkomazi, Steve Tshwete and Emalahleni. “The funding will see an addition of 1 926 service sites over the current annual budget of 3 426 serviced sites. Gauteng, Western Cape and Mpumalanga have the quickest growing towns,” he said. He said they are making this allocation to support the upgrading of the informal settlements. He said they will also release serviced sites to encourage qualifying beneficiaries to build for themselves.