THABO September will on Sunday officially sit next to SuperSport United coach, Kwanele Kopo, when they take on Chippa United in the second round of the DStv Diski Challenge at Atteridgeville’s Lucas Moripe Stadium (10am). September, the club’s legend having retired in 2016, has been appointed Kopo’s assistant and second assistant to head coach Kaitano Tembo in the senior Premiership team. “Thabo has been a loyal servant of the club, both on and off the field. “He has always set an example through dedication, discipline and professionalism,” said Tembo. September joined United from Umtata Bucks in the 2006-2007 season. “Working with the first team for the past two years has been a huge learning experience and if you look at our technical team, it is people who have played the game or have been in the game for more than 20 years, so I take a lot from them,” said September. The Knysna-born-captain won domestic competitions, league titles and also participated in the Caf competitions. “Working with coach Kopo is a huge plus to my growth as a coach and as a person. Being an assistant coach to him means I will have to learn fast and the Diski Challenge is the best place,” he said. Meanwhile, more thrillers are expected this weekend measuring from the opening round of fixtures where 30 goals were scored, and that is only the beginning. This week, plenty more excitement is expected with teams set to find their rhythm, having shaken off the cobwebs. Kaizer Chiefs, who were arguably the most impressive team as they dispatched two-time champions Mamelodi Sundowns 4-2 last week, will hope for more of the same. The Young Glamour Boys have never won this competition, but look eager to set that right as they have come flying out of the blocks. They next face rookies Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at Randburg Rugby Stadium on Sunday (1pm). Chiefs reserve team coach Arthur Zwane, who doubles as the first team assistant coach, believes his players can live up to expectations this season. “There is no doubt about it. They (players) are talented players and they will perform for the first team when the time is right. I know that developing players is a journey, but we remain positive that they will live up to their talent,” said Zwane.