BUYISWA Manono (39) tried everything she could to save the life of her drug-addict son Asanda (17) but it didn’t help. Asanda was killed in Mkhapuza Village, Lady Frere, after he allegedly stole some clothes from a relative. Asanda’s father Andile Tukani (42) said his son had been staying in a rural area since October after running away from a rehab. Buyiswa had sent some Christmas clothes from Philippi and money to Asanda through a family member. Andile said: “When he went to fetch his clothes and money that we had sent from Cape Town, there was no one at my cousin’s house. He then took his clothes including some that were not his.” The cousins then allegedly beat him up all night. Andile said begged the cousins on the phone to let him go.  “I said I would give them R3 000 on 15 January. They called me back saying they have let him go. But somebody told me he had a broken arm and went to the clinic and was treated,” said Andile. “When he came back from the clinic on Monday 28 December I was called and told that the community wanted to take Asanda to a container to discipline him and I must do something to take him out of the area.” But before Andile could do anything he was told they beat him and left his lifeless body lying on the ground. Earlier this year Buyiswa took Asanda to rehab but he came back after two months and she took him to Lady Frere. “I sent him Christmas clothes and I sent him an extra R100. I did this so he doesn’t have any reason to steal,” said Boyiswa. Days before Christmas, Boyiswa had called her son and told him to behave. “He said he would not do anything bad,” Boyiswa said. She said she believes Asanda was killed by his own family. “They beat him up all night and the community followed,” she said. Andile said they are planning to go to Eastern Cape to bury him. He will also report the matter to cops when he gets to Lady Frere. Eastern Cape spokesman Brigadier Thembinkosi Kinana said "We have not heard of the incident, may you please ask the parents to provide with the case number so that we can be able to trace the case."