Goals from Thabo Nodada and Craig Martin saw the Citizens to their third win this season and a rise to third place on the log – just five points off the pace of leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. Stellies, meanwhile, remain in eighth place. City created the first chance through a combination of Thato Mokeke and Mduduzi Mdantsane, with the latter striking the crossbar with a shot on three minutes. The visitors bossed the early possession and were looking dangerous again in the 10th minute when Thabo Nodada and Tashreeq Morris exchanged passes, before the striker saw his effort well blocked by Robyn Johannes. Stellenbosch suffered an early injury blow when attacker Molahleni Khunyedi pulled up with an injury and was replaced by Stanley Dimgba in the 19th minute. Two minutes later the Citizens claimed the lead through Nodada, who struck a beautiful long-range effort which curled beyond the reach of helpless Stellies goalkeeper Lee Langeveldt. On 29 minutes City doubled their advantage, with Langeveldt misreading a cross from Bradley Ralani and allowing Craig Martin to steal possession in front of him before poking the ball home from close range to make it 2-0. The team in blue were full of confidence and should have added to their lead, while Stellenbosch put together just a couple of attacks – the best of which saw Leletu Skelem fire narrowly wide on 40 minutes – so that the half ended with City two goals to the good. Stellenbosch made a change at the start of the second half, with youngster Jayden Adams replacing Asavela Mbekile in midfield. The hosts had a chance to pull a goal back on 52 minutes when Peter Leeuwenburgh’s attempt to clear a cross only found Dimgba, but the attacker put his effort wide of the mark. That attempt signalled a spell of dominance for Stellies, who were much improved compared to the first 45 minutes, but City appeared content to sit back and look to hit their opponents on the break. Stellenbosch may have seen much more of the ball, but they rarely threatened Leeuwenburgh and only claimed a consolation goal deep in injury time when Nathan Sinkala headed home on the cusp of the final whistle. Stellenbosch and City will return to DStv Premiership action for the final time in 2020 when they respectively face Maritzburg United away on Friday, 18 December and TS Galaxy at home on Saturday, 19 December. -SuperSport 