Late goals from Thamsanqa Gabuza and Bradley Grobler secured a 3-1 victory for SuperSport United away to Baroka FC in a DStv Premiership match at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday. The result sees Matsatsantsa rise to third place on the log, three points adrift of leaders Mamelodi Sundowns, while Bakgaga remain seventh after a third defeat of the 2020-21 league campaign. SuperSport started strongly and claimed the lead as early as the ninth minute, with Bradley Grobler providing a fine finish to turn home Ghampani Lungu’s assist from the right flank. United’s goal signalled a spell of dominance for the visitors, who saw Thamsanqa Gabuza and Tebogo Mokoena with good chances in the subsequent minutes, but Baroka were able to weather the storm and settle back into the game. Bakgaga had a couple of threatening moments through Thamsanqa Masiya, while SuperSport should have doubled their advantage through Gabuza on 30 minutes, but the striker blazed over the target after great set-up play from Mokoena and Grobler. The first half came to an end with Matsatsantsa still 1-0 to the good, and the visitors began the second strongly, with Mokoena stinging the palms of goalkeeper Oscarine Masuluke in the early minutes. Mokoena had another chance just before the hour mark, latching onto a fine set-up from Lungu, but he struck his effort high and wide, as United continued to lead by only a narrow margin. The United midfielder was a lot closer midway through the second half, with a long-range curler beating Masuluke all ends up, but the ball rebounded off the woodwork and the visitors continued to be frustrated in their search for a second goal. And they were punished by the Limpopo hosts on 70 minutes, with an own goal levelling the score at 1-1. Grant Kekana was the unfortunate United player who turned the ball into his own net after a quick Baroka counter down the left flank. The match looked set to end in a draw, but SuperSport kept pushing for another goal and they were duly rewarded in the 87th minute. Sipho Mbule played in a fine cross and Gabuza stole ahead of his marker to nod home from close range and put the Tshwane team back in front. Matsatsantsa added a third on the counter attack in injury time, with Grobler completing a brace thanks to a fine assist from Mokoena. Baroka are scheduled to return to DStv Premiership action on January 5 when they travel to TS Galaxy, while SuperSport will be in action the following day at home to Chippa United. -SuperSport