THE MAMAZALA bought herself a car with her pension money so she could go to hospital for her medication. Then a window broke and she asked her son-in-law to take it for repairs and he said, “sure”. BUT THAT WAS THE LAST TIME SHE SAW HER CAR OR HER RUNAWAY SON-IN-LAW! Almost a year has gone by and he has not brought it back. READ: MAPHORISA MOURNS HIS DAD! Now a case of theft has been opened against him and cops are looking for him. Gogo Christina Swambo (62) from Tsakane in Ekurhuleni, who’s using crutches, is now struggling to go for her medical check-ups. Gogo Christina said her son-in-law took the car on 2 February. “I gave him R850 to have a broken window fixed,” she said. She said her own son, Lebogang Swambo (29), was at work at the time, so she trusted the son-in-law even though he and her daughter are no longer together. But he showed her his true colours. “He came to drop off his child, who’d visited him in Dobsonville in Soweto, and he was using a taxi. I trusted him and let him take the car.” Lebogang said his mother reported the man to Tsakane police, who contacted the son-in-law. Gogo said the man told them he was going to take the car to the Dobsonville cop shop, his neighbourhood. ALSO READ: CYRIL CLOSES BOOZE TAP! The son-in-law even sent her a photo of the car parked at the Dobsonville cop shop last month. “I sent people to go fetch it, but when they got there the car was gone,” she said. Dobsonville cops advised her to open a case at Tsakane Police Station. “I just want my car back, whether it’s damaged or not,” she said. Gogo retired from a hospital pharmacy after 27 years and used some of her pension money to buy the car from a friend. “I bought the car late last year to get to hospital and to do other errands since I’m on crutches,” she said. Lebogang appealed to his brother-in-law to bring back the car as his mum is struggling. “Using taxis is quite a strain for her.” A case of theft was opened at Tsakane Police Station and cops are looking for him. 