The workers said that they were not happy with how they are treated by Sun City Resort. Some of the workers spoke to Daily Sun during Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) labour march to Sun City Resort main gates on Tuesday. EFF members and Sun City workers took to the streets on a rainy day to demand the management to dismiss all retrenchment processes and reinstate all the retrenched workers. Recently retrenched worker Asnath Pete (42) worked over five years as a casual at Sun City and she did not have any benefits. "I only got a permanent contract last year in October, while I have one-years service they chose to retrench me, it is painful to see that we are used by these companies. Sun City does not care about its workers," said Asnath  Another worker Eunice Tladinyana (35) said that she got injured while on duty and nothing was done to assist her. She said while she suffers from injuries she got on duty, she still has to go look for another job. "I don't believe any company will hire someone who is not medically fit. Sun City must give us our jobs back, we have families to feed. They can't retrench workers with one year of service, the package is not even above R30 000," said Tladinyana. North West EFF Deputy Chairman Mothusi Montwedi said that they came to Sun City to address valid issues that concern the workers. “We were approached by workers how are not happy with sun City's ways of doing business. Workers here were retrenched called to return to work by contractors. We saying this shows that Sun City needs them however they want to retrench then pay our people peanuts”. He continued to say, “We demand that the retrenched must be reinstated all retrenchment processes should be dismissed. We are here also to let Sun City know that local businesses must benefit from them”. It must stop businesses from other Provinces from benefitting from the resort while people around continue living in poverty. The management must respond within seven days”. He said  Sun City General Manager Brett Hoppe accepted the memorandum on behalf of Sun City. Brett said that Sun City will respond within the requested duration or sooner. “We respect workers to protect and have noted all the concerns.”