A GUGULETHU girl (13) was burnt with a hot iron for allegedly stealing a weave. This was allegedly done by four adults, two men and two women, at a shack in Phola Park area. What shocked residents is that the woman who claimed to have seen the girl stealing is blind. “She is a known blind girl but, in this case, she claimed to see only at night,” said the burnt child’s devastated mother. She said her child dropped out of school in August last year in grade 7. She has been attending parties with her friends. She said before the child was attacked, one of the suspects came with the blind woman at her boyfriend’s place looking for her. “They said if they don’t get the weave someone was going to die. I told them that she was not at home but at my friend’s place and they should come back the following day,” she said. The two allegedly went to the place where her child was. They told the mum’s friend that they were taking the child to her mother’s house. Instead, they took her to a shack in Phola Park where they tortured her with a hot iron. The girl told Daily Sun that she was tortured until she lied that the weave was in Lotus. Her body was burnt on her face, thighs, breast, on her back and buttocks. “At the shack they took me to, they said I must tell the truth if I don’t want to die. I said I didn’t take the weave, so they started burning me with a hot iron until I said it is in Lotus. They then took me out of the shack and dumped me on the road,” said the girl. She managed to run to a friend’s place who then hired a car to take her to the clinic. The child’s stepfather said: “I asked them how much they wanted because I did not want them to hurt her but they refused to talk.” Community leader Xhobani Kente said: “I didn’t know about this matter. I was shocked when i saw it on social media. We hope the law will take its course.” Police spokesperson Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana confirmed: “Four suspects, two men and two women aged between 18 and 22, were arrested for assault GBH and will appear in court once they have been charged.”