The top two teams in the Premier League go head-to-head tonight in a match that sees the defending champions, Liverpool, try to repel the threatening advances of chief title challengers, Tottenham. Airing live tonight on Supersport Premier League Channel 203 at 22:00, the table-topping clash is the penultimate match in the WWE x Supersport Fantasy Football Feud and will pit NXT Champion, Finn Bálor, against WWE Superstar Sheamus in a real-life battle for bragging rights. The fighting Irishmen are equally poised in their league positions in the WWE x Supersport Fantasy Football Feud. Reds’ fan Sheamus heads the table with five points while Spurs’ supporter Bálor is tied with WWE Champion Drew McIntyre in second on four points. It was a disappointing ‘Mad-chester’ derby weekend for previous league leaders, WWE Superstar Cesaro and rapper AKA, who both failed to pick up a point from the Manchester and Madrid derby double-header and slipped to the bottom of the table on three points each. WWE Superstar Sheamus has sent his fellow entertainers a warning that they don’t stand a chance against the self-proclaimed ‘king of football.’ “Despite their injuiries, Liverpool has done an incredible job,” said Sheamus, although it was far from an incredible job on Sunday as Liverpool needed a come-from-behind penalty to rescue a point in a 1-1 draw at Fulham. “The thing I am most excited about is the fact that so many young players are getting a chance to play because of the [older players’] injuiries. “I think that’s very important for the future of the club to give young talent a chance to play in these big games and it’s only going to benefit them in the long run. I still believe we can win the Premier League but we’ll see.” Despite welcoming the emerging youngsters, Sheamus is a little coy with his predictions of success against Spurs, forecasting a 3-3 thriller. For Finn Bálor, a Spurs victory is the only outcome as his beloved Tottenham attempt to stay atop the Premier League and claim their first top division title since 1961. “I believe in the boys and as much as Liverpool is second on the log, we are number one and we will stay number one. They will definitely win 2-1.” WWE Superstar Cesaro and WWE Champion, Drew McIntyre, also back a Spurs win. Rapper AKA is more optimistic than Liverpool’s Sheamus, predicting a 1-0 win for the Reds. Round 5 Prediction: Wednesday, December 16 – Liverpool vs Tottenham Hotspur (Premier League) WWE Champion Drew McIntyre: Liverpool 1 – Tottenham Hotspur 3 WWE NXT Champion Finn Bálor: Liverpool 1 – Tottenham Hotspur 2 WWE Superstar Cesaro: Liverpool 1 – Tottenham Hotspur 2 WWE Superstar Sheamus: Liverpool 3 – Tottenham Hotspur 3 Rapper AKA: Liverpool 1 – Tottenham Hotspur 0 You can follow all the WWE x SuperSport Fantasy Football Feud action right here in the Daily Sun and online on our website and social channels. Don't miss all the Premier League, LaLiga and UEFA Champions League action on SuperSport this December. Wednesday, December 16 - Liverpool vs Tottenham (Premier League) Saturday, December 26 - Arsenal vs Chelsea (Premier League) Catch all the WWE action on ‘SuperSport WWE Channel 236 with Raw (Tuesday mornings in SA) and SmackDown (Saturday mornings in SA).   How to Score Points: 1: guess the winning team. 2: correctly predict a draw. 3: get the score exactly right.                 