AFTER their MTN8 triumph on Saturday, Orlando Pirates defender Thulani Hlatshwayo has turned his sights on the league title. He said this is the focus now as they want to win the most coveted title for the first time since 2011-12 season. The Soweto giants are on the cloud nine after coming from behind to beat Bloemfontein Celtic 2-1 in the Wafa Wafa Cup final at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday. This was Bucs’ first major title since winning the Nedbank Cup in 2014 also at the very same venue in Durban. This victory also saw Pirates end their five losing streak of cup finals which started six years ago after the Ke Yona Cup. Bucs, who host Chippa United at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday (7:30pm), will be looking to close the gap to log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns and maintain their unbeaten starts which is ten games in all competitions now. They lie fourth on the table with ten points from six games, four points behind reigning champions. “For us to win the first trophy of the season, was great and now the focus goes to the league,” said Hlatshwayo in short, who lifted the trophy on Saturday. Encouragingly, winning the MTN8 trophy for Pirates, it usual rubs off well and it has done so in the previous seasons. When they won the MTN8 in 2010-11 season also at the Durban venue, they won the league (ended being a treble). The following the season, it was the case as they claimed the league to become the treble winners once again. Also going back to 2000-01 season, Pirates won this cup when it was known as BP Top eight (beating Ajax Cape Town 2-1) and won the league. But there are some concerns in this Pirates side. In the last four games, Pirates have conceded early. It was the case against SuperSport United, Baroka FC and Cape Town City and Celtic on Saturday. But they have shown character as they didn’t lose these matches. This kind of brought the reminder of the times of famous double treble as in many games they used to concede early and come back from behind to either draw or win. “It has been evidently in these games that we are conceding early,” revealed Tyson. “But we knew that there was still a lot of minute to play for against Celtic (after conceding early) to win the match.”