THE Men On Track organisation is concerned about the rising gender-based violence stats across the country. The organisation recently marched in Polokwane, Limpopo. The march started at Jack Botes Park, with demonstrations going via Bodenstain Street to SABC, Park where a small prayer was held. According to the organisation, the march was aimed at sending a message to men who still believed that abusing women and children was the way to go. The organisation’s march co-ordinator, Takalani Ramabulana, told Daily Sun they believe such marches will definitely have an impact on countless abusive men. “It is crucial that as men we take care of our families with the aim of building a better future for our children,” said Ramabulana. He said real men were those who followed Jesus and loved their women and children. “It is crucial that as men we show love and protect our families too,” he said. Ramabulana said it was shocking that many of the abusive victims end up taking away their lives due to the pressure from their partners. “This is becoming a serious thing across the country and that should not be taken lightly,” said Ramabulana. “We need to stand up as organisations and the government and fight the evil spirit among us men,” he said. He said: “It is crucial that as a society we work together with our law enforcement to ensure that violence becomes something of the past within our society. “For the sake of our children and women’s lives we call upon our government to ensure that all the GBV perpetrators are denied bail,” he said. He said men should be proud of their gender and encourage each other to love their partners. “We indeed need to feel proud of our gender but not abusing someone’s soul,” he said. “We are leaders and we therefore need to lead by example for a better future,” he said. He said turning a blind eye to such abuse will see Satan winning the country. “We urge all GBV victims to speak out without shame because failure to do so will see them being defeated by the perpetrators,” he said. He said the increasing statistics were concerning. “Gender-based violence is becoming out of hand within our society and it indeed needs everyone’s attention,” he said. Ramabulana said it should be everyone’s duty to help in the fight against the abuse of women and children. “Our children and women cannot enjoy the fruit of the democracy while they still encounters several challenges in their daily lives,” said Ramabulana. Pastor Don Makumbani of Covenant House Family Church said real men don’t just follow Jesus, but to be a real man is to be like Jesus. “As men we need to understand that we have given the mandate to create an atmosphere for our women and children to be safe,” said Makumbani. “Real men love and protect people around them regardless of who they are and where they are coming from,” he said. Sapa Yopa bikers and Limpopo Spiritual Chaplaincy Health and Community Care also formed part of the march.