THE Singimba family from Gugulethu in Cape Town will spend Christmas in their house, thanks to Captain Sheila Mateza, who rebuilt their house after a fire destroyed it in January last year. The cop and Khusela Abahlali Neighbourhood Watch member used her savings to rebuild the house. “I saw the house while I was going to the mall. I think God wanted me to assist them because I don’t know why I chose to use the route next to their house,” said Mateza. On Sunday, she handed the house over to the family. “I want to thank everyone who made this day possible, all those who lent a helping hand when I needed help and for the groceries and essentials that you have bought for this family,” she said. Matela said she hopes what she did will change the mentality people have about cops. “Residents need to know that we are community members before being cops, and I know we have been labelled as bad people. I hope this changes that,” she said. Laviswa Singimba (55) said they never thought they would have a home again. “I am surprised and shocked at the same time because we had lost hope that we would have a home again after the fire destroyed it,” said Laviswa. The family does not know what started the fire because no one was at home. “I was at work when it happened and my kids were at school. We just received calls informing us about the incident. I couldn’t rebuild the house because I had piece jobs,” she said. They were staying with family members. “When Mateza told me about trying to help us I did not believe her. I asked myself why would she want to help for free, because we know that nothing is for free. I am still shocked that she rebuilt our home without being paid. We thank God that we still have people like her,” said Laviswa. She thanked everyone who worked with Mateza. Resident Kholeka Kombela (75) said what Mateza did showed that there were still people who knew what ubuntu meant. “She is doing what was done back in the days. We were helping each other without waiting for something in return. She showed us that if we can work together in our communities, we can bring a lot of change,” said Kholeka.