KAIZER Chiefs reserves have soared to the top of the DStv Diski Challenge following a bright start to the campaign. The young Glamour Boys issued a strong statement of intent against Mamelodi Sundowns reserves on Sunday. They thumped the young Brazilians 4-2 at Giant Stadium in Soshanguve. The result saw Arthur Zwane’s charges, who have never won the competition before, signal their intentions this season. It is a result that two-time champions Sundowns will want to quickly forget as they were pit to the sword. Chiefs’ reserve team coach, Zwane, who doubles as the first team’s assistant coach, said he not reading anything at all into the results. “I don’t make much of this result, I’m not a person who focuses on results at this level,” said Zwane. “I think some of our players showcased their talent well individually and did their level best, although it could have been better. “The result was just the cherry on top, I was just pleased with the performance they displayed. “We just want to produce players who can go up to the first team and perform. “If we can be able to produce more and help the young players play for the national team one day then that would be great.” Zwane said that it will take some time for teams to get to their optimal fitness levels after a lengthy break due to Covid-19. “It was always going to be difficult these boys have been out of the game for a long time now, we are talking eight to nine months here,” added Zwane. “The fitness levels were always going to be questionable, I don’t think the teams got to prepare thoroughly for pre-season. You could see even during the game the energy levels dropping and we started giving the ball away cheaply. “We only started training two weeks ago, no friendly games in between because we had to follow strict Covid-19 measure.” In other results, Maritzburg United reserves beat Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhndila reserves 1-0 in the earlier match. On Saturday, Chippa United reserves beat Black Leopard's reserves 3-1 while SuperSport United reserves held Orlando Pirates reserves to a 1-1 draw.