minister Police Bheki Cele visited Gugulethu and Junction malls in Cape Town on Friday, 11 December. He said their job is to work on reducing crime around this time. “We are pushing our operation and putting a tight grip as we move to different communities. We usually speak to the management to hear what they think we must do,” said Cele. The management of Gugulethu Mall said although there’s still crime, they’ve seen a decline. “We know there is a peak of the Covid-19 and residents need to wear their masks,” said Cele. He said the managers told him they have been following Covid-19 regulations. He warned residents of Nyanga who were not wearing their masks of the dangers of undermining the lockdown regulations. “We have to call back all the police officers that are on leave to come back. We want to work on our visibility and availability in all the areas regarded as hot spots of crime, and unfortunately they are also the hot spots of Covid-19.” He said cops will be on the road every day until 5 January. Cele said it is up to the residents to work with the government to fight this pandemic. “What I saw is that residents are not serious. They are not taking the pandemic seriously because they are not wearing their masks. Even shop owners were not wearing masks. “I was shocked to see a shop owner having his mask in his pocket. He only wore it after I asked about it. Until our people know that the wearing of a mask is for their safety and others people’s safety, then we are not going to win this fight,” he said. He said they are hoping the next time the president addresses the nation, he will put some restrictions on alcohol sales. “I would say shut down the sale of alcohol but that is not my call because it generates a lot of crime. A lot of criminality happens because of alcohol,” said Cele. Namhla Jakalashe (34) said the government can’t do anything if people don’t want to take responsibility. “Some wore their masks after seeing the minister. After he left, they put them back in their pockets. You can swear they are doing someone a favour by wearing a mask, forgetting that it is for their own safety,” said Namhla.