THE City of Cape Town has given many drivers peace of mind after they provided free roadworthy tests for their vehicles. The initiative that started last Monday, dubbed Operation Exodus, has seen buses, taxis and private light motor vehicles undergoing free tests. The initiative will end on Christmas Eve, 24 December. The MMC for Safety and Security in the City of Cape, Town Jean-Pierre Smith, said the reason for these free tests was to protect the public. “Roads are generally busier over the festive season and with many more vehicles making longer trips, we want to do everything we can to make those journeys safer,” said Smith. Since 14 December, 805 vehicles have been tested and 200 failed the tests. “This included 77 buses or minibuses. It is of huge concern that these are vehicles which carry a large number of commuters or families. Ensuring that your vehicle is safe is worth the time and effort and the lives it potentially saves,” said Smith.  Long-distance taxi owner, Mphucuko Dyantyi (38), said he has always ensured that his taxi was tested every festive season. His taxis travels between Cape Town and Lady Frere in the Eastern Cape. “I always do roadworthy tests for my taxis ahead of the festive season because it saves me from the inconvenience of having to deal with breakdowns. “This is the time that we make lots of money and if you have a breakdown, you will lose out. It is also free of charge, so there is no need for me not to have my taxis checked,” he said. Smith said since last week, traffic cops have recorded 5 811 transgressions at vehicle checkpoints linked to Operation Exodus with the top offences being unlicensed motor vehicles (906), the failure to display a valid clearance certificate (904) and not wearing seat belts (793). Some of the offences encountered include parking offences and the overloading of passengers. “Private motorists are also encouraged to make sure their vehicles are roadworthy before setting out. It’s a pre-check that can save your life and that of your loved ones,” added Smith.