FOUR women have been denied bail by the Randburg Magistrates Court on Monday, 14 December. Tshegofatso Moremane (30), Margaret Koaile (42), Portia Mmola (28) and Gontse Tlholoe (30), who are accused of being involved in the murder of Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini’s son Prince Lethukuthula Zulu, will spend the rest of the festive season behind bars following the bail refusal. However, accused five in the matter, Dakalo Mbedzi (32), was granted bail of R3 000 after the court found that the state’s case against him was weak. Delivering the bail judgment, Magistrate Hleziphi Mkhasibe said: “There is a duty on the court to protect the vulnerable members of society, in this instance, men who want to enjoy themselves at bars, taverns and entertainment establishments. “They are in essence at risk of being victims of crimes at the mercy of conniving and devious women like the applicants before the court. “The case against the fifth applicant (Mbedzi) might be weak, therefore the likelihood is that he might be given the benefit of the doubt during trial. “In respect of the first, second, third and fourth applicants, the interests of justice does not permit their release on bail, therefore bail is refused.” Mkhasibe said she relied on the confession by the second applicant (Koaile) on how the incident unfolded and their modus operandi as presented by the state and confirmed in the confession. “The applicant stated that the deceased and his friend’s drinks were spiked by applicant one (Moremane) and three (Mmola). It was stated that they shared stolen cash amounting of R3 000 that was in the deceased’s possession. “I cannot judge the lifestyle or jobs that the applicants have chosen, because I do not know what led them to resort to such. “I will, however, judge them when their choices or consequences of their duties are harmful and destructive to others.” The magistrate said that applicant one (Moremane) has no previous conviction, but she has one pending matter in Pretoria wherein she was served with summons to appear in February. “The state further alleges that applicant two (Koaile) to four (Tlholoe), have pending matters of suspected stolen property in the Benoni Magistrates Court, wherein they were released on bail. “Applicant two (Koaile) has six pending matters where the complainants were drugged and robbed of their valuables. She also has a pending matter of attempted theft, together with applicant number three. “The third applicant (Mmola) has pending cases of two counts of robbery and possession of stolen property,” she said.