TWO unbeaten sides Golden Arrows and Mamelodi Sundowns played a drab 1-1 draw in the DStv Premiership match at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday. It was a disappointing game that had so much promise from the onset considering the two sides' rich of attacks. But this showed. Sundowns had their noses in front. Mothobi Mvala got up well and out jumped Arrows players to head home to open his scoring account for Sundowns just 17th minute the game started from Lyle Lakay’s corner. The former Highlands Parks captain, in his first start, became the third player, outside deadly trio of Themba Zwane, Peter Shalulie and Kermit Erasmus, to score for the Tshwane giants this season. That lead of Sundowns didn’t last too long though. Michael Gumede snuck his head ahead of Brian Onyango for a glancing header to put things level five minute later. It was brilliant display from Ntsako Makhubelo on the left hand side as he teased his marker Thapelo Morena and whipped in a brilliant cross. Arrows then showed how their dangerous they have been this season and slowly took control of the proceeding. Their superiority almost paid off too when Makhubela’s shot was cleared off the line Brian Onyango. Pule Mmodi was another who came close to but he dragged his shot wide to see the game level going into the first stanza. However, the game fizzled out to be lull affair afterwards as the intensity and the pace wasn’t the same as was in the first half. But this young Arrows side showed that they are fearless and seeing how Sundowns failed to get into their first gear, the best team in the PSL right now, many teams will struggle when they visit in Clermont. Sundowns rested the league top scorer, PSL reigning Football of the season and first recipient for this season’s PSL DStv Player of the Month Themba Zwane completely out of this game. It showed on the pitch as Shalulile was always isolated and little service coming his way. They were also sentiments in this game. Sundowns senior coach Steve Komphela was going back to the club he left during the offseason to join Tshwane giants to form a trio of coaches that include Manqoba Mngqithi (suspended in today’s game) and Rulani Mokwena. However, Komphela, knowing the entire structure, it didn’t matter in this game.Sundowns’ next league match is a blockbuster against Orlando Pirates at Loftus Stadium on 2 January when the second half of the season resumes. Before that though, they will play their last game of the year. They visit Jwaneng Galaxy of Botswana in the Caf Champions League first round away on Tuesday. On the other hand, Arrows will host Black Leopards on the 5 January.