THERE’S no chance new GladAfrica Championship side Royal AM will get promoted this season. That’s how things stand, said a bitter Michael Lukhubeni, who sacked this week. Lukhubeni was relieved of his duties after they lost 4-0 to another new side Sekhukhune United at Makhulong Stadium on Saturday in the first game of the season. The former Steenberg United coach has been replaced by former Chippa United coach Floyd Mogale. “I don’t think they’ll get promotion. The way they’re doing things it won’t work,” said Lukhubeni. He accused CEO Sinky Mnisi of running the club like a spaza shop. He said he wants to be a “bus driver and chef”. “It was the first time (I’ve seen) the CEO acting like a team manager. He wants to get involved in everything,” said Lukhubeni. “A CEO should be an administrative person, but he’s everything. He’s security, bus driver, trainer, chef... he’s everything. “I don’t know what type of the CEO he is. “Another reason for the team not to do good, from the president (Shawn Mkhize), chairman (Andile Mpisane) and whoever think they know things but don’t. “Remember, money doesn’t buy you success. To succeed, you must work for it. “Theey don’t understand, everyone’s got money now. Gone are the days when you were going to find two teams with money in the league, now everyone has money to compete.” Mnisi hit back at the accusations saying they were “unfortunate that I cannot answer nor respond to that save to say that he must tell people what he means by getting involved in everything”. “He is bitter,” said Mnisi. “It is not in my culture to embarrass the man. You can ask the owners of the team maybe they will tell you better. “It’s fine if he says the team will not be promoted – maybe under him it would be promoted, but he already failed last season. “Frankly speaking, I am the CEO and I make decisions and implement them. Change is painful. There is a team manager, owner, players, and the staff. To be honest, I do not know what the man is talking about. Anyway, that’ll not change the fact that he’s been relieved off his duties, and he must just move on.” Lukhubeni said he’ll take a break from football and see what happens in January, but said he was proud of the work he’s done at Royal AM in his short spell in charge.