I COUNT myself among those who have closely followed the career of Itumeleng Khune. From the days he earned a promotion and debuted for Kaizer Chiefs back in 2007, through to the senior national team over a career now spanning 16 years, I’ve seen the meteoric rise of Khune. I regard Khune as one of the greatest goalkeepers Mzansi has ever produced. For he has established himself as not only an exceptional goalie, but as one of the best ball distributors the PSL has ever seen over the years. I have no doubt the Ventersdorp-born star would have made an even bigger name for himself, had he made the dream move overseas. He has earned a plethora of trophies, tons of individual accolades, over 300 appearances for Amakhosi and nearly a century of international caps. In fact, I maintain the best game Khune has ever played was never broadcast on TV, but was covered in newspapers and captured by Barry Aldworth’s lens in Freetown. This was at the beginning of TV blackout of Bafana Bafana matches and I was one of the few journalists, including Mcelwa Nchabeleng, Jonty Mark, Timothy Molobi and Mninawa Ntloko, who were in attendance when the Pitso Mosimane-led Bafana held Sierra Leone to a goalless draw in their 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier. In front of a hostile capacity crowd, Khune stood between the Leone Stars and victory. I don’t think I’ve ever seen Khune as excellent as he was that Sunday afternoon. Unfortunately, the nation couldn’t witness his brilliance as the SABC TV crew were reduced to spectators. Of course, there’ve been numerous matches Khune can count among his greatest, like the 2007 Telkom Knockout final between Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns in which he frustrated Peter Ndlovu and stopped three penalties, the SA U-23s 2008 Olympic qualifier against Uganda and the battle with Spain’s David Villa in the 2009 Fifa Confederations Cup. Whenever form deserted him or he’d just recovered from injury, Khune would source strength from his notable history to pick himself up. Therefore, the recent blunders are not only beyond our worst imagination but are also uncharacteristic of the legendary ’keeper. The following social media comments have been as shocking as his errors. You’d swear the critics had never seen Khune play before. However, form is temporary and class a permanent. It will be premature and ill-advised of the doomsayers and doubters to write off Khune. This is not to quote the metaphor; like good wine, goalkeepers mature with age. It is quite unfortunate that his worst form has coincided with that of Gavin Hunt’s team, as Amakhosi battle to come out of a tactical and cultural rut. But you can trust Khune to source self inspire and bounce back. Whether or not he drinks from a fountain of youth, he will definitely remind many why he was once voted the SA Sports Star of the Year.