FOUNDER of the prestigious Naledi Theatre Awards, Dawn Lindberg, has died. The creative, who was also a singer, died on Monday, 7 December due to a Covid-related illness. This is according to a statement released on the Naledi Theatre Awards’ Facebook page. “It is with great sadness that we announce that the founder and CEO of the Naledi’s, Dawn Lindberg, passed away this evening from a Covid-related illness,” read the statement. Last week, Dawn posted a video explaining that she had contracted Covid-19 and couldn’t attend an award ceremony that was held at the South African State Theatre last week. She was supposed to hand over two awards. She said she was looking forward to celebrating with the winners, but her situation didn’t allow her to attend. “I’m afraid Covid-19 has deprived me of the honour of helping to hand over the Naledi trophies to the winners. I tested positive for Covid-19 and so I’m in quarantine with my husband,” she said. Messages of condolences and tributes have been flowing on social media since the news of her passing broke. ALSO READ | FANS WANT ROMEO BACK ON SCANDAL Market Theatre artistic director, James Ngcobo, told Daily Sun that Dawn’s death saddened him. “A feisty, fearless fighter for our sector. That is who Dawn Lindberg was. I heard about her passing this morning. “A very sad and difficult year we have just gone through. She has carved an amazing spaceport in our industry,” said James. Actress, Kgomotso Christopher was also one of the people who paid tribute to Dawn on Twitter. “Forever in our hearts... we will miss you dearly @DawnLindberg our beloved @NalediAwardsSA CEO. You’ve left an indelible mark in our hearts and in the theatre and arts fraternity. Robala ka Kgotso Mama Dawn. We are devastated. Prayers & love to Des and the Lindbergs,” wrote Kgomotso. Forever in our hearts...we will miss you dearly @DawnLindberg our beloved @NalediAwardsSA CEO. You've left an indelible mark in our hearts and in the Theatre and Arts fraternity. Robala ka Kgotso Mama Dawn. We are devastated. Prayers & Love to Des and the Lindbergs???????? pic.twitter.com/pM4kVlWcox 