AARON Motsoaledi, Minister of Home Affairs, said it’s not true that there were more travellers trying to use the Beitbridge border post than before. “In fact, there were fewer people than before,” saidMotsoaledi. “Seeing the congestion, truckers panicked, holding areas were abandoned and trucks left on the side of the road. This is what sparked the congestion.” The minister was briefing the media on immigration matters and border law enforcement under Covid-19 alert level 3. He said statistics show that in December 2019, 368 895 travellers crossed at Beitbridge and in December 2020 there 103 224 who crossed. Motsoaledi said he’s not trying to shift blame onto the freight industry but accused the industry of being less than truthful. “There were fatalities at the Beitbridge border post but the facts were obscured,” he said. Motsoaledi accused the freight industry of “spreading propaganda”. “There were fatalities between 8 December and 22 December before the congestion. A truck driver died on the 23rd and two others died on the 24th but it was unrelated to the trucks.” He said fleet companies diverted their trucks to Beitbridge, instead of going through Botswana to avoid the long waiting period required to enter Botswana. The minister said the department will deploy an additional 160 officials at the six busiest land ports to process returning travellers until 14 Jan 2021. He said 60 immigration officers will work with the SANDF to monitor illegal entries. Besides Beitbridge, they are the Lebombo, Oshoek, Maseru Bridge, Ficksburg and Kopfontein. “People must have valid Covid-19 test, people without PCR test must do rapid antigen tests at border at their own cost. The plans are effective from 2 to 14 January. “All the health departments port of entry units will deploy additional officials to all ports of entries to ensure that travellers with valid PCR tests are allowed into South Africa,” he said. “Truck drivers will not require testing at borders but everyone else coming into SA must have results in hand or take a rapid antigen test on site.”