THE VENUE is decorated with a touch of gold and traditional beadwork. Family and friends gather in their traditional clothes to witness the union of the lovebirds. THE HAPPY-EVER-AFTER FOR LETOYA AND LEBO STARTS NOW! The best friends who became lovers are now married. Generations: The Legacy actress Letoya Makhene has tied the knot with her sweetheart, businesswoman Lebohang Pulumo just three days away from Christmas. READ: BIG ZULU: I WON'T ENTERTAIN SOMIZI! The two sealed the beginning of their lives together at a lavish traditional wedding in the heart of Soweto at the Moletsane Sports Complex. Next to the couple stood a white cake with pink roses on the side. The wedding ceremony was delayed for almost four hours as both families held a private ceremony at Letoya’s home in Tladi, Soweto, as part of building relations and acceptance of each other. Izangoma danced outside Letoya’s home before the ceremony.  Lebohang said they were not bothered about criticism and the judgement aimed at them. “I’m blown away. This has been the most exciting, intriguing and fascinating journey I’ve ever travelled with a human being. “I have met someone whom I love fearlessly and effortlessly. I’m not perfect, but she has accepted me,” she said. She said people might criticise and judge the way they’ve always judged, but they weren’t bothered by what society said. “The journey we undertook with our families was the most important thing. For the first time my family accepted a sangoma into the family,” said Lebohang. ALSO READ: WATCH: PARTY LOVERS GROOVE IN A TUNNEL! “Izangoma travel a journey that we don’t understand, but my family and I are accepting of it. I’m getting the love I’ve always wanted right here. My family has never been open after I came out as a lesbian. This is a big thing for my family.” As they walked into the venue alongside Letoya’s dad, veteran musician Blondie Makhene, guests cheered with joy and a great relief that the long wait was over. The couple was dressed in white and a touch of blue.  They were welcomed by the Viva Le Africa Band. Lebohang said they were sorry that they had to decline so many people who wanted to come for the traditional ceremony due to Covid-19 regulations. She said they’d be having their white wedding soon. Blondie said the private ceremony was intense as they had to introduce Lebohang to their ancestors. ALSO READ: YANGA HAS TO DROP OUT AGAIN! “We haven’t gone through this type of experience before,” he said. “Today is a very special occasion for me. Having to give away my child in a way I’m giving her away today, whether it was a man or a woman, this is special. “I have great respect for the family that has chosen to marry my daughter.”  