MAMELODI Sundowns are ready to kick start their long journey towards clinching their second Caf Champions League title. The Tshwane giants, who tasted sweet success in this competition when they won their maiden title in 2016, are desperate for a repeat. They will have to do it without Pitso Mosimane this time, however, who will be rivalling his former team in the colours of Egyptian giants Al Ahly. The task to add more continental success for the Brazilians now lies squarely on the shoulders of co-coaches Manqoba Mngqithi and Rulani Mokwena. Steve Komphela, senior coach, will also look to add his weight as the trio of mentors set out to make their own history. Their journey begins with a short trip across the border to face Botswana’s Jwaneng Galaxy in a second round, first leg clash today (3.30pm, SA time). Downs have shown no signs of any weakness under the new leadership so far on the domestic front. They are currently sitting pretty at the top of the DStv Premiership standings and are unbeaten. But will they be able to carry the same form into the Champions League? “The PSL and the Champions League are completely different projects,” insisted Mokwena. Nevertheless, Mokwena is expecting his side to approach the competition with the same hunger and determination that has seen them make an unusually fast start to the domestic season. “On the one hand we have the feeling of being unbeaten and sitting at the top of the table, but no title has been won, hence we need to treat it as an isolated situation,” added Mokwena. “We need to ensure that we get a very good result in Botswana and use the experience that we have as a team to qualify for the group stages. Of course, Galaxy are a good team but we will get footage from our analysts and the advanced team that went across.” Sundowns have built a strong squad as they look to challenge for every available trophy again this season. Although they have relied heavily on the trio of Themba Zwane, Peter Shalulile and Kermit Erasmus, Downs have a wealth of talent they call on for the different competitions. Mokwena lauded the new duo of Mothobi Mvala and Grant Margeman, who gave a glimpse of what they have to offer last time out against Golden Arrows. “Mvala has a lot to offer the team,” added Mokwena. “But we’re still in the adapting phase in trying to induct him to the way of Sundowns play. “We are also expecting a lot from Grant.”