CAPE Town City coach Jan Olde Riekerink has praised his players for the effort they gave against Orlando Pirates in their DStv Premiership encounter. The two sides, as is always the case when they meet in a league clash, entertained as they played out to a 2-2 draw at the Danie Craven Stadium on Saturday. The Citizens seem to be able to push the Soweto giants to the limit when they meet and it was no different as they gave the undefeated Buccanneers a good run for their money. The Citizens are desperate to challenge for the league this season and Rikerink insists that his team need to improve their form against the bigger teams in the league. Their result against Pirates means took them one step in the right direction as they have now amassed nine points from six matches so far. “I must give compliments to my team because I think they showed great character and they fought hard against a very good opponent,” said Riekerink. “The fighting spirit was evident and I was very pleased with that from our side. “They (Pirates) have a certain style of playing and they have very good players. “We also have good players so it always makes for an exciting game. Always when you meet teams who want to play football and are structured then you have will get a good game.” The Dutch mentor had special praise for midfielder Mduduzi Mdantsane, who is in fine form of late as well as goalkeeper Peter Leeuwenburgh who made some vital saves against Bucs. “I think that Mdu, from the first moment he came into the team you could see his qualities,” said Riekerink. “We just needed to structure those qualities but also not too much because he is one of those players who do not need too much structure as it limits their qualities. “The position he plays needs him to play to his nature but he can still improve some things like how he looks after the ball. The team has recognised what he can do and he’s effective in front of goal. “As for Peter, I think when he came back from injury he was a bit shaky in the first games but he is growing in confidence now, he is such an excellent goalkeeper for us.” Rikerink will want his players to maintain the standard in their next match against Stellenbosch next Tuesday (7.30 pm) at the same venue.