The global pandemic has created another – what has been called The Shadow Pandemic – the rise and rise of domestic violence. Before the pandemic 243 million women and girls worldwide between the ages of 15 and 49 had experienced sexual and/or physical violence by an intimate partner. Since the global lockdowns, those numbers have soared for many reasons including isolation with an abuser; health, security and money worries; movement restrictions; and cramped living conditions. Gender-Based Violence is a human rights abuse and to add to the conversation about what men should be doing to eliminate it, Daily Sun and The European Union Delegation to South Africa are hosting a webinar on December 9 at 6pm. December 10 is international human rights day. Entitled Accountability: How Men Need to Show Up to Fight Gender-Based Violence, the webinar will be facilitated by Soul City Institute’s Gail Smith. Register here https://www.crowdcast.io/e/accountability_stop_GBV The panel includes: Dr Malose Langa – the author of Becoming Men, the story of 32 boys from Alexandra over a period of 12 years in which they negotiate manhood and masculinity. Langa is a psychologist and academic who has decoded what it means to be a young black man in contemporary South Africa.  Simamkele Dlakavu - a lecturer in the Gender Studies department at the University of Cape Town,  she has been an active participant in student movements calling for an intersectional decolonial reality in South Africa - where all forms of oppression matter. She is the former media and communications manager for Oxfam South Africa and worked as a producer on current affairs show, The Big Debate.  Virginia Magwasa - is responsible for advocacy, campaigns and movement building at the Other Foundation. She is also an activist in her own right and works with the Parents, Families & Friends of South African Queers - PFSAQ.  Gail Smith is a journalist, feminist writer and media strategist. She is a specialist in gender equality, women’s empowerment, intersectionality and human rights. She is an African storyteller who weaves politics, culture, art, fashion, feminism and identity. She is currently senior manager: strategic integration at the Soul City Institute and producer of the TV show It’s a Feminist Thing on SABC2.  The 16 Days of Activism for No Violence against Women and Children Campaign, a United Nations initiative that takes place from November 25 to December 10, is underway. In South Africa, from March 27 to September 21 the Gender-Based Violence Command Centre received 3860 Gender-Based violence related calls. Between January 1 and March 26 this number was 393. A ten-fold increase. Join the conversation, register here: https://www.crowdcast.io/e/accountability_stop_GBV