ACTIONSA and the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC) have smoked the peace pipe. Elated party leader Herman Mashaba said the IEC confirmed in writing that their application to register as a political party has been approved. “Further take note that, unless your party is represented in a legislative body, you are required to renew your registration before the last day of January of every year in which the party was registered. “We look forward to a continued good relationship and assure you of our support on all electoral matters,” read the letter. But no details were given on what led to the IEC changing its mind. In its rejection of ActionSA’s application, the IEC cited the inclusion of the country’s flag in the logo as well as the colours that were similar to another political party’s. ActionSA argued that there was nothing illegal about having the country’s flag, saying other parties also had the flag in their logos. It further argued that the colours the IEC ruled were similar to theirs have never contested elections and therefore this argument was invalid. “This (approval) follows the decision taken by ActionSA to forgo its legal challenge of the IEC’s previous decisions and make the changes to the logo that would see the party registered,” said the party in a statement. It said its new logo remained consistent with the logo that was originally filed and that the colours of the logo have simply changed to green. “This was important to ActionSA as its identity was the subject of a nind-month long public engagement process.It keeps the shapes of the South African flag infused with the directional arrow, denoting the progress of the A for Action,” it said. Mashaba said the delay in registering the party hasn’t slowed down its groundwork and the party’s growth of its structures, now boasting 160 000 volunteers. “The work of building ActionSA as the only alternative capable of unseating the ANC continues,” said Mashaba. “The news of our registration is a milestone on the long road to the 2021 elections.”