BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach John Maduka admitted losing the MTN8 Cup final to Orlando Pirates at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday night was a huge setback and devastation for his side. Maduka’s side lost 2-1 in the Wafa Wafa final and finished the game with 10 men after Ronald Pfumbidzai was sent off late in the game. This was the second cup final Celtic have lost in a space of four months after they were beaten 1-0 by Mamelodi Sundowns in the Nedbank Cup final in September. In fact, this was a third consecutive cup final Celtic have failed to win. They also went down to now defunct Bidvest Wits in the Telkom Knockout in 2017-18 season. While Maduka is faced with the heartache of losing the cup final, he also has to pick up his side as they have started this season poorly. They are third from bottom of the table, with four points from five games. The former Celtic captain has to lift his team up as they don’t have much time to lick their wounds. They host Baroka FC at Dr Molemela Stadium on Wednesday (7.30pm), where they’ll be looking to register their second league win of the season and climb up the table. “We will try to motivate the guys. I know that everyone wanted to win this final badly,” said Maduka. “Life has to go on and we can’t stop now. We’ve got try and bring them together and start to win games in the league.” Maduka, who lifted this trophy with Celtic in 2005 when it was known as SAA Supa8, didn’t want to blame Pfumbidzai for his sending off after pulling down Thembinkosi Lorch inside the penalty area. The former Chippa United forward dusted himself off to score what was a winning penalty. Celtic had opened the scoring in the third minute, when Siphelele Luthuli put Siwelele ahead before Deon Hotto equalised against his former club. “Football is a game of mistakes. You can’t blame a player because he has made a mistake,” added Maduka. “We are sure that it wasn’t his intention to make a mistake. “We lose as a team and we win as a team. We don’t blame anyone.”