SuperSport United on Thursday confirmed the appointment of legend Thabo September as Kaitano Tembo's second assistant coach in the DStv Premiership. Also, September will assume a role as the first assistant to Kwanele Kopo in the DStv Diski Challenge side. “Thabo has been a loyal servant of the club both on and off the field. He has always set an example through dedication, discipline and professionalism," said Tembo in a statement. "He has joined the first team as second assistant coach and works as well with our reserve team. This will help us bridge the gap between the first team and the reserve team in terms of having an identical philosophy from a playing and development point of view. "Our objective is to prepare our young players for first team football and Thabo will play a crucial role in that regard.” September joined United from Umtata Bucks in the 2006-2007 season under the guidance of then coach Pitso Mosimane whom they worked briefly before the latter joined Bafana Bafana. “Working with the first team for the past two years has been a huge learning experience and if you look at our technical team it is people that have played the game or have been in the game for more than 20 years, so I take a lot from them,” said Thabo September. The legendary September led the team working under various coaches such as Mosimane, Gavin Hunt, Cavin Johnson, Gordon Igesund and Stuart Baxter. “Well you find coaches, people that make players perform well and win games, then you have great coaches, people that make players win games or learn when they lose and make them become better human beings on and off the field. Now Kaitano is a great coach, he wants the best for his whole team, like a father to his family," said September. "SuperSport United are one of a kind, people here become a family. The culture and legacy of the late Thomas Madigage (May his soul rest in peace) has been kept alive by everyone that is in this team, I am sure he is as proud as I am. It’s the best team in South Africa.” The Knysna-born-captain won domestic competitions, league titles and also participated in the CAF competitions. “Being a second assistant coach at the first team is a huge responsibility that the Head Coach, our CEO Stan Matthews and the board members have put on me. I know with the help of Kaitano and the rest of the technical team and the players it’s a job I will excel on. "Working with the DStv Diski Challenge head Coach Kwanele Kopo is a huge plus to my growth as a coach and as a person. Being an assistant coach to him means I will have to learn fast and the Diski Challenge is the best place,” he concluded. The Matsatsantsa veteran is currently fulfilling the ambassadorial role in the club. September hung up his boots in 2016 working under the guidance of Coach Stuart Baxter. .@Thabo_Sept_26 will additionally be assuming the role as first assistant coach for Matsatsantsa's @DStv Diski Challenge side ???? https://t.co/GZ4lHHSFyy#ForeverUnited pic.twitter.com/pqJ8zuDfPa 