Devastated! That’s how I felt when I heard the heartbreaking news of the passing of super coach Joe Frickleton today. I count Joe as my friend. I lost touch with him when he gave up coaching and moved to Cape Town. But I have wonderful memories of the great man who became a legend in the early teething days of our football in the late as a player in the 1960s and a coach from 1974 until 1996. I had the pleasure and privilege of working closely alongside “Smoking Joe”  for many years when he was coach of Highlands Park, Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs back in the 1980s. He was one of the greatest characters and coaches I have met in over 40 years of writing football. Joe came to Mzansi from Scotland to play for Highlands in the deficit NFL back in the 1960s. He was a no-nonsense defender. In fact, he was send off in his first game in SA when he was red-carded in a match at Driehoek against Germiston Callies. That was the start of the legend. Joe never took prisoners as a player or coach. He was a straight-talking, nonsense person and he took his never-say-die attitude from the playing field to management. He was loved by players and fans alike. He earned respect. He was a journalist’s dream with his outrageous quotes. One day he said he would jump from the Hillbrow Tower if a certain team beat him. Fans howled at the game “Jump Joe Jump.” I really got to know the man when I became his  Sunday “chauffeur”. I would collect Joe every Sunday when I worked at The Citizen and we would drive together into the townships. Joe did his homework on every side he played against. I learnt a lot about football and the game during those drives. We had a lot on common with our Scottish heritage. Joe had a brief spell playing for Sottish giants Glasgow Rangers but was soon loaned out before coming to Highlands. As a hardcore Rangers supporter, we had a lot in common. We had our ups and downs. And he was not scared to chew me out when I wrote something he did not like but days later all was forgiven. He was never one to hold a grudge. I have to confess I was responsible for Joe getting fired at Pirates just before Bucs historic win in the Africa Champions Cup - the forerunner to the Champions League in December 1995. It happened over a boozy lunch when I worked for The Star in the week leading to the final against Asec Mimosa in Abidjan. Joe told me he was quitting after the final. Through a drunken haze, I asked him if this was on the record and he said Yes. The next day Bucs boss Irvin Khoza fired him and he lost out on adding the coveted Africa Cup to his CV because of me. I regret writing that story as Joe deserved to be remembered as the coach that won the first Champions Cup for SA. But true to his character Joe stood by my story and admitted he told me “on the record”. It was a bittersweet moment for me when I travelled with Pirates to the Ivory Coast and witnessed their continental triumph minus the great Joe Frickleton. So sad to see you go, Joe. RIP you will be sadly missed. 