CHAPLAIN Albert Masingi has called on all pastors to do right by their congregations rather than harass them. “Being a pastor should not be taken as an advantage to towards our congregants,” he said. Masingi was speaking during the Limpopo Spiritual Chaplaincy Health and Community Care launch held at the Prayer Tower in Polokwane recently. Masingi told Daily Sun he’s concerned about how pastors across the country conduct themselves. “We need to fast and pray for our people and also face the battle against the Satanic spirit which is trying to take over the country,” said Masingi. He said the country is currently experiencing hard times which need their attention as pastors. “It is our duty as religious leaders to ensure that we pray for peace in this country,” he said. He said: “We do believe that the presence of our organisation and all the chaplains will play a crucial role in bringing peace into this province and the country at large. “Having the church officially being launched is a great milestone for us and the father, God,” he said. Masingi said the country has become too dangerous for women and children. “It is crucial that communities partner with our churches and pray for this country,” he said. “It pains us to see our women and children being killed like flies,” he said. He said their organisation plays a crucial role in many people’s lives. “We’re always in our communities helping disadvantaged families in ensuring that we take them to the same level with everyone,” he said. “Everyone who believes in God should be the messenger between God and those who are far from Him. “By doing so we will be bringing everyone closer to God,” he said. Masingi said the country’s future is bright but without the presence of an active youth, the future remains bleak. He said chain prayers are strong enough to defeat anything trying to destroy the country. South African First Responder Chaplaincy president, Pastor James Warren said the successful launch of the Limpopo Spiritual Chaplaincy Health and Community Care shows that God is within the organisation’s leadership. “We expect more to be done and produced from this organisation for the people of this province,” said Warren. “We believe that this is one organisation that will help us in bringing peace into this world,” he said.