NEVER in his wildest dreams did Bradley Grobler imagine when he joined SuperSport United in 2012 that he’ll one day be part of the club’s history-makers. Grobler, the son on Moroka Swallows legend Les, is now close to becoming the club’s all-time leading goal-scorer. After putting two goals past Baroka FC in SuperSport’s 3-1 victory during the Tshwane giants’ last game of the year, Grobler reached 55 goals for the club. He equalled and also broke the record of New Zealander Jeremy Brockie, who scored 54 goals before leaving in January 2018 to join SuperSport’s city rivals Mamelodi Sundowns. The 32-year-old Bafana Bafana striker is now two goals behind the late Abram Raselemane, who scored 57 for the Tshwane giants. “These days, footballis so difficult and when you look at things like this, it’s a nice feeling to be within such a touching distance,” said Grobler. “For me to be able to break that record (of Raselemane’s), will be an amazing feeling. “SuperSport is a club that’s close to my heart. The club stuck by me when I had a few difficult years due to injuries.” Grobler feels if it wasn’t for the injuries in the recent seasons, he would have long passed this landmark. “I think injuries took out, to be honest, four seasons of my actual football career.” But in what is his ninth season with SuperSport, Grobler has delivered the goods for the club. He has won two Nedbank Cup, two MTN8 and one Telkom Knockout trophies with Matsantsantsa. Grobler scored in both Nedbank Cup finals, both against Orlando Pirates. He also scored in last year’s MTN8 final against Highlands Park to see Kaitano Tembo lift his first trophy as a coach. Already this season, Grobler is a tied league top-scorer on seven goals from seven games, along with Sundowns star, Themba Zwane. “This is for me to repay the club for the faith they have shown in me,” he said. “I think for, me personally and to repay the club, would be very nice achievement.” Last season was Grobler’s best in his career when he scored 14 league goals in 27 appearances. He surpassed his past best, which came in the 2010-11 season, with the now defunct Platinum Stars. “Having done that now, I think I need to put pressure on myself and score more goals,” he said.