When President Cyril Ramaphosa addressed the nation about the government’s fight against the spread of Covid-19 on 24 May 2020, he concluded his speech by saying “it’s now in your hands”. With that, he also lowered the lockdown alert level from 5 to 3. Many South Africans were relieved because that meant a lot of the freedoms that were taken away when the lockdown was introduced in March were restored. This also signalled the reopening of certain sectors of the economy. Some people who had not been able to work and earn a living for two months were allowed to go back to work and earn a living. For most South Africans, the biggest joy was to be able to legally buy liquor again. It had been two months of hell that saw bootleggers ruling the roost. Other people resorted to making their brews at home, often with deadly consequences. But it seems as if we failed to contain that excitement and enjoy our poisons responsibly. At the time of the address, South Africa had over 22 500 positive cases of coronavirus and 429 deaths. We started seeing people gather in big numbers and having illegal parties all over the place despite the clear regulations. Others dared the president and police minister Bheki Cele through video clips in their drunken stupor. The chaos had been escalating ever since. Despite the deployment of soldiers to help the police keep law and order, the people of Mzansi just continued to misbehave. Others resorted to drinking in the bushes instead of following the rules. The result of all that madness has now come back to haunt us badly. It is biting us in the backside as we have just surpassed the ONE MILLION mark of infections. The president is expected to address us later today and with 26 735 deaths so far, let’s not complain if he takes us back to the stricter lockdown levels. It was in our hands to enjoy responsibly but we threw it away. If the president puts a damper on the New Year’s Eve celebrations, we can’t whine about it. We deserve it. We were mamparas in our behaviour, especially since the beginning of the festive season.