AMAZULU coach Benni McCarthy says players like Augustine Mulenga, Sphelele Mthembu and Luvuyo Memela gave him a dream start he was looking for. The trio were in an inspired mood as they produced a top performance in McCarthy’s first game in charge as Usuthu came from behind to win 3-1 against Chippa United in the DStv Premiership match on Sunday. The forwards, signed by the club during off the season, shared the load as Mulenga tucked home the equaliser from cut back by Mthembu. ShakaZulu then darted down the line for the second goal and linked well with Mulenga, who laid it off Memela who sliced the ball for the second goal. Memela then completed his brace, his sixth this season, as he back heeled the third. The former Orlando Pirates winger started the move, launching a long ball upfield to Mthembu, who then set up the running of Mulenga, with latter squaring for Memela to easily slot it home. Usuthu had to wake up from the slumber after Chippa scored first through Isaac Nhlapo. “It was perfect and dream start for me,” said McCarthy. “Memela drove the team forward with his charisma and Shaka was instrumental and his hold up play, bringing in players into the game, assisting teammate, being at the right place at the right time, from striker to winger, providing an assist for Mulenga’s goal. “I was very pleased with the pace from the front men; Shaka, Mulenga and Memela. But I have to give all of credit for the guys behind them.” With how these trio combined, it will provide McCarthy a nice headache as Bongi Ntuli, who scored 13 of 20 league goals scored by AmaZulu last season, is back to full training. The former Cape Town City coach said he wants to make Ntuli a top striker in the country because he’s got physique and is very fast. “Once we get to the level where Ntuli wants to be, I want to make him one of the top and deadliest strikers because, he’s like Shaka, got physique and he can battle with players,” said McCarthy of Ntuli. “Bongi’s got speed and got eye for goal.” On the bench on Sunday, McCarthy was joined by PSL all time goal scorer – Siyabonga Nomvethe (123 goals)- as part of his technical team. McCarthy, who is also all time Bafana goal scorer on 31 goals, he said he couldn’t let the chance pass not to rope in Bhele. “Coaching is one of the loneliest jobs in the world. I asked him to join my coaching staff and Bhele has just been the breath of a fresh air.”