MANQOBA Mngqithi has opened up on the difficult times Mamelodi Sundowns are currently experiencing. The club were still nursing broken hearts after burying Anele Ngcongca last week when they lost yet another player, Motjeka Madisha, to a car crash on Sunday. To make matters worse, the mourning period has somewhat been put on pause out of respect for Madisha’s family, but that has further added to the angst in the team. Mngqithi, the co-coach, guides the defending champions against Golden Arrows in a DStv Premiership match at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). “It is tough, considering all the circumstances surrounding the team, this dark cloud hovering above us,” said Mngqithi. “But we’ve done extensive work on Arrows and we are well prepared for them. We are not playing a small team here. We are playing a team that hasn’t lost a game in seven matches and that’s been unfortunate to draw in some. They are a well-coached team under Mandla Ncikazi. They are a quick and aggressive team. “They have some of the top youngsters you can find in the country, Mduduzi Sibiya and (Velemseni) Ndwandwe.” Mngqithi, however, hasn’t downplayed Sundowns’ ability. The Brazilians are also unbeaten in seven matches, perched on top of the log with 17 points. They remain one of the two most consistent teams currently and have scored the most number of goals. Peter Shalulile is in sparkling form, banging in the goals while reigning Player of the Season, Themba Zwane, is on top of his game. Mngqithi comes up against his former side, the team he led to the MTN8 trophy 11 years ago. The Arrows test is just but one they face in the coming days. They travel to Botswana on a Caf Champions League assignment on Monday, while they mourn Madisha. Arrows coach Ncikazi hopes the Tshwane giants will have a bad day in the office, something that is very unlikely. “We are trying to get to 30 points as soon as we can,” said Ncikazi, who was Mngqithi’s assistant when Arrows won the MTN8 Cup in 2009. “I know the league can change anytime. Starting well it has got nothing to do with how we are going to finish, but I’m happy and grateful that we are where we are right now (sixth) on the league table). “But I’m still greedy that we should be higher based on how we have created chances but so far so good.”