FOLLOWING what Netball South Africa president Cecilia Molokwane called “a dead year,” Netball SA has lined up an International Test against Uganda. Molokwane announced in a press conference on Wednesday that the Spar Proteas will play against TheShe-Cranes from 20-27 January in Cape Town next year. The Proteas have seen little action this year as they have only played twice. They played in January during the Vitality Netball Nations Cup. The second time was last month where they completed a 3-0 whitewash over the Malawi Queens in their three-match Test series at the Sun City SuperBowl in the North West. “In January (2021) we will be playing another Spar Challenge in Cape Town against Uganda,” Molokwane said. “The coach (Dorette Badenhorst) asked us as Netball South Africa that she needs more game time. She needs the girls to be more active, basically, we had a dead year in 2020. “We have got two venues right now, but I cannot disclose at the moment where exactly (the series will take place).” This series will not only benefit the Proteas senior team. It will also benefit the Baby Proteas as they are also preparing for The Netball World Youth Cup, which will be played in Fiji from 1-19 December next year. Molokwane added: “Uganda are coming with their senior and Under-21 team. Their Under-21 will play against Baby Proteas, Namibia have also asked to come in to play against our Under-21 team. However, the main Spar Challenge game is between the Proteas and Uganda.” Proteas coach Badenhorst said: “For us, it is really important to get the game time as we did not have a lot of opportunities this year. It is a great privilege to get onto the court because we need as much game time as possible. “We will select 15 players to play for the Protea team, as well as 15 players to represent the Presidents’ team. Badenhorst said they are going to select a strong team for Uganda. “Every game for us is a world ranking game, so it is very important that we beat them otherwise Uganda will score a lot of points (in rankings),” added Badenhorst. The Proteas will have a week-long training camp in Cape Town before the international Test.