POLICE are supposed to uphold the law and protect citizens. But that seems to have not been the case for Emmanuel Manuel, an Ekurhuleni Metro police officer, who was nabbed for allegedly beating up his girlfriend. He is said to have forcibly left with her, took her to an open space near a grave site and allegedly told her that he was going to kill her. The 27-year-old officer stationed at Katlehong EMPD offices was arrested on Tuesday, 8 December after he allegedly seriously assaulted and abducted his 24-year-old girlfriend on Sunday following an argument. “It is alleged that he had an argument with his girlfriend and physically assaulted her. During the process, it is alleged that some family members tried to intervene but failed. “The suspect, later on, went to his house and fetched his service pistol but fortunately he was again blocked by other family members, but he managed to discharge his firearm,” Ipid spokesman Seisa Sontaga said. Sontaga said in addition to his service pistol, Manuel armed himself with three knives. He allegedly managed to forcibly take his girlfriend and drove with her towards an open space near the graves and told her that he was going to kill her. “Fortunately, the victim spotted a marked police vehicle and raised the alarm, which resulted in the arrest of the suspect and upon searching his vehicle, a pistol and three knives were recovered by the police. “Ipid will be opposing bail in this gender-based violence and femicide-related crime,” he said. Manuel appeared briefly in the Palm Ridge Magistrates Court, facing five charges of assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm, kidnapping, intimidation, pointing of a firearm, and discharge of a firearm in a municipal area. The matter has been postponed to 22 December for a formal bail application. Sontaga said: “Ipid will be opposing bail based on the seriousness of the charges and also the fact that these charges are within gender-based violence and femicide. which is a scourge in our country.”