LUKHANYO Am is back from injury and will the Cell C Sharks in their crucial Carling Lager Currie Cup clash with the Vodacom Bulls in Durban on Saturday. The Springbok World Cup winner has been out for five weeks and his leadership and experience will be a welcome addition to the Sharks’ mix ahead of a match that the Durbanites have to win if they are to stand a chance of catching the Bulls on the log and thus make a bid for home ground advantage should they reach the Currie Cup final on 23 January. Am takes the No13 jersey back from Jeremy Ward as well as the captaincy. Am will add attacking potency to a backline that also has another Springbok, Sbu Nkosi, back as a starter on the wing. The back three, with Manie Libbok at fullback, will have a big role to play against the Bulls, who have exposed weaknesses with their kicking strategy in previous games between these sides. With Durban sure to be humid on Saturday night, kicking will doubtless be a big part of both team strategies. The Sharks, after a few weeks where they were impacted by coronavirus, are starting to head back to full strength, with Sikhumbuzo Notshe and Henco Venter, who captained the Sharks last time he played for them, coming back into the loose trio. JJ van der Mescht, who was retreaded from lock to flank for the recent match against the Phakisa Pumas, reverts to the bench for this game to make place for Venter. Phepsi Buthelezi has also moved to the reserves. The other change to the pack that did well in the win over the Pumas comes at hooker, where Daniel Jooste is back in place of Kerron van Vuuren in what has been described as a rotational switch. One notable aspect of the Sharks’ selection for this game is the decision to go with a six/two split between forwards and backs on the bench, an acknowledgement of where the biggest threat to their chances of beating the Bulls will come. Manie Libbok, Sbu Nkosi, Lukhanyo Am (captain), Marius Louw, Yaw Penxe, Curwin Bosch, Sanele Nohamba, Sikhumbuzo Notshe, Henco Venter, Dylan Richardson, Hyron Andrews, Ruben van Heerden, Thomas du Toit, Daniel Jooste, Ox Nche. Replacements: Kerron van Vuuren, Mzamo Majola, Michael Kumbirai, JJ van der Mescht, Thembelani Bholi, Phepsi Buthelezi, Jaden Hendrikse, Jeremy Ward. -SUPERSPORT.COM