This year has been one of the most terrible years economically and socially throughout the world following the outbreak of Covid-19. Many people have lost loved ones due to the pandemic. But Mzansi’s football fraternity had to deal with so much pain due to the deaths of its role models and youngsters with the potential to become household names in the PSL. It’s sad that the majority of professional footballers’ lives have been cut short due to tragic car accidents. MAXWELL RAMARU looks at the players whose lives were cut short this year. Nkanyiso Mngwengwe: The former Golden Arrows captain died in May. The tough defender was affectionately known as Sgora, as he was the pillar of strength in the Arrows defence, having played more than 140 matches for the team since making his debut in 2013. His death left a huge void in the team. Khunadi Nkoana: The former Baroka midfielder died in July after he complained about stomach pains. He played a key role in Bakgaga’s famous 2-1 win over Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs in the Nedbank Cup last eight in 2011. Nkoana also played for Black Leopards, having honed his skills at the School of Excellence.  Katlego Mojela: The TS Sporting midfielder died in September after he complained of dizziness. KG joined the National First Division side at the beginning of the 2019/20 season after being scouted in the ABC Motsepe League play-offs in Cape Town. He played 27 games in his first season for Sporting and scored four goals to help them qualify for the Nedbank Cup last eight.  James McFarlane: The Kaizer Chiefs Under-19 midfielder died following a fatal car accident in November. The youngster had a great future ahead of him as he was set for trials in England before the outbreak of Covid-19. Anele Ngcongca: Former Bafana Bafana and Mamelodi Sundowns defender Ngcongca was killed in a car accident in November. He was released by the Brazilians to play for AmaZulu on loan, but sadly death robbed Usuthu fans an opportunity to see the value that he could have added in the team that looks revamped. Ngcongca was also a popular figure internationally as his former club Genk in Belgium retired the No 16 jersey he worn at the club. Motjeka Madisha: The Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana defender died in a horrific car crash earlier this month, hardly a few days after his teammate Ngcongca was buried. The 25-year-old was destined for stardom as he was a regular in the star-studded Sundowns side. His death summed up the dreadful year we’ve endured. Hopefully, 2021 will bring in some hope. 