SWALLOWS FC continued with their dream start in the DStv Premiership season with another victory over struggling Maritzburg United at Dobsonville Stadium on Tuesday night. Ruzaigh Gamildien scored the brace as Dube Birds maintained their fairy tale story to remain unbeaten and at the same time put more misery on the bottom side Maritzburg. It is now seven league games without a win for the Team of Choice, who came to this game looking to collect their first maximum points after drawing 1-1 with Mamelodi Sundowns in their previous game. While Swallows won and kept the pressure on Sundowns at the summit, who beat TS Galaxy also 2-0 on Tuesday, Maritzburg might start to look over their shoulders once again this season just like it was in 2015-16 and 2018-19 seasons. However, The Team of Choice started the better of the two sides in this game. They applied the pressure to Swallows in search for their first league victory of the season. But the Birds’ defence held strong.The visitors went up the notch though in the game. They hit the bar after Dan Morgan’s corner was diverted by Rushine De Reuck but the current PSL Defender of the Season saw his header crashed the upright, saving the day for Virgil Vries in goals. In the 36 minutes, however, Swallows showed Maritzburg how it is supposed to be done. The home side got a penalty when Ruzaigh Gamildien was brought down. The former AmaZulu striker then dusted off himself to slot the ball home at the bottom right corner to see Swallows heading into interval leading. Looking for a response, coach Middendorp took off Sibusiso Hlubi and Bandile Shaundu, who were ineffective. The duo was replaced by Troane Sandows and Bongokuhle Hlongwane just before the second half got underway. However, new Swallows signing Kgaogelo Sekgota was denied by Sebastian Mwange when the former Bidvest Wits powerful winger was trying to be smart to toe-poke the ball. While Swallows came close to double the lead from the Seshego-born winger, Gamildien punished Maritzburg to complete his brace for the Dube Birds in the 67th minute. Travis Graham was given a starter by Maritzburg as he was recently signed as a free agent following his departure from Cape Umoya United to bolster the midfield. But his introduction from start didn’t yield the result Middendorp was looking for. Maritzburg will have to search for another day to get their first league win of the season. They next host Stellenbosch FC at Harry Gwala Stadium on Friday. Swallows, on the other hand, will be looking to maintain their unbeaten start when they visit Black Leopards at Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday.