FANS of Scandal! aren’t happy about the recent death of Romeo Medupe on the e.tv soapie. The character, played by Hungani Ndlovu, has taken his final bow and has officially left Scandal! Romeo died on Monday, 7 December. He was killed by a hitman hired by his mother-in-law, Boniswa, played by Lusanda Mbane. He was thrown off a cliff. His fans on social media weren’t happy about him leaving and some threatened to boycott the show. His exit was announced a few months back when media reports claimed that he was fired from the show. They claimed he and the Scandal! team fought because he was being a diva. ALSO READ | NTANDO HAS NEW RIDE OR DIE Both e.tv and Scandal! rubbished those claims and said Hungani left of his own will and didn’t fight with anyone. However, his fans still weren’t prepared for his death, even though it was announced months ago. Most social media users said Hungani’s character is what made Scandal! and advised that the soapie fix whatever issues they had with him. “Romeo is Scandal! and Scandal! is Romeo... couldn’t they give him what he wanted whether it’s money or something #etvScandal,” wrote one tweep. Another one wrote: “There is no #etvscandal without Romeo and Didi. You may as well end the show.” There is no #etvscandal without Romeo and Didi. You may as well end the show  We some point actors gonna leave but there is that precious period you can not afford to lose a certain actor and for #etvScandal in all the years of its existence that moment is now with Hungani(Romeo)Don’t kill ur own show.Maybe in a year of 2 u can let him go not now ???? Romeo is scandal and scandal is Romeo...????couldn’t they give him what he wanted whether it’s money or something #etvScandal  Romeo is Scandal , Scandal is Romeo. If Romeo is exiting am going to officially stop watching Scandal. ????????????#etvScandal  No Scandal without Romeo #etvScandal Out of respect I hope there is a come back or a praiseworthy exit for him. Romeo was more than just a character and I hope, I SINCERELY HOPE that @etvScandal wouldn't downplay his legacy or their responsibility to be loyal to us as viewers. #etvScandal ???? https://t.co/qhLIqGRJha  If you guys don't bring Romeo back,I'll start watching something else because Romeo is scandal,and scandal is Romeo. That guy was the only reason I was so excited to watch the show #etvScandal  