NEW GLADAFRICA Championship side Bizana Pondo Chiefs announced a raft of new of players at Olive Convention Centre in Durban on Friday. However, most of those players, which more ten of them were confirmed, have little PSL top-flight experience and so too in the GladAfrica Championship. Players unveiled were Athi Sitshwete, Sibusiso Maluleke, Lungelo Nguse (on loan from Baroka FC), Sivuyile Zozi, Nsizwa Silangwe, Tshepang Moremi, just to name a few. One known player at the club is Mbongeni Mzimela (36), who was key in goals when Bizana won the play-offs to gain promotion recently. The club will be playing their first-round matches in Durban in Umlazi and KwaMashu. The reason for that they don’t have an adequate facility in Umtata that meets the PSL’s standards. Chairman Nathi Mqokiyana admitted that playing in Durban is costly because he is yet to garner financial support from his municipality yet. The club has hired a proper facility in Pinetown, just outside Durban, to camp there until the stadium in Bizana, under refurbishment, is ready. However, Mqokiyana said talks are at an advanced stage to conclude the financial support with his municipality. Part of the municipality’s mandate is to see players from Bizana though getting opportunities at the club and this has to be maintained as a top priority. Based on this, chairman Mqokiyana has set up baby steps. This season he wants to just survive the relegation zone. “Playing in Durban is very costly for us,” admitted Mqokiyana. “But our social responsibility is in Bizana. On top of that, all we ask for, under circumstances, is to survive this season. It can be any position that will see us remain in the GladAfrica Championship. Because, first and foremost, we didn’t have a proper pre-season and our players need a bit of time to integrate.” Bizana’s first game in the GAC they narrowly lost 1-0 University of Pretoria last weekend. On Saturday, Bizana will face Cape Town Spurs in the Nedbank Cup preliminary stages at Princess Magogo Stadium. Coach Tsepo Motsoeneng, who won two league titles with SuperSport United, has a history in this competition. His former club Tornado FC met Kaizer Chiefs in the 2018-19 season’s first-round at Sisa Dukashe Stadium. Chiefs won 1-0 when they scored in the 94th minute. However, Motsoeneng wants to taste that stage against and is eager to beat Spurs. “To stay in the competition, it’ll help us in terms of integrating players that are coming in,” he said.