FORMER Baroka captain Gerald Phiri Jnr has vowed to work hard to regain his position in new head coach Matsimela Thoka’s DStv Premiership side this season. Phiri, who was a regular for Baroka last season, has not played a single game for Bakgaga this season. Bakgaga have played five league matches and the 27-year-old midfielder was forced to watch from the bench with his position been taken by 24-year-old Thamsanqa Masiya. But the Malawian international, who joined the Ga-Mphahlele-based side on a three-year contract last year January, said his time will come. “I didn’t ask the coach why I’ve not played so far because the team is doing fine,” said Phiri. “But I’m a professional footballer and my job is to work hard at training and convince the coach that I deserve to play, not confront him. “I’ve been in the game for a while and sometimes when a new coach comes in he starts using the players he feels will do the job for him.” Added the former Bidvest Wits player: “I have a good relationship with the coach as he has been with the club for a while. He’s a good guy and we enjoy working with him. “He (Thoka) is the right guy who can give you all the culture of the club. You can see we started well under him this season and I’m optimistic we’ll continue with this form.” Phiri also admitted that a lack of concentration have cost them points in their last three leagues games against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila, Golden Arrows and Orlando Pirates. In those three games, Baroka conceded goals in the dying minutes. They lost 1-0 to Tshakhuma and drew 1-1 with both Pirates and Arrows. “I think we got excited and thought the game was over but it wasn’t,” said Phiri. “It’s heartbreaking when we think about those three games and the points we could have picked so far if we concentrated until the final whistle. But it’s now water under the bridge. We have to move on and work on our mistakes.” Baroka host Chippa United in their next league game at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3:30pm).