THE third cop linked to the murder of Nathaniel Julies has been described as a helpful citizen and a believer in Christ. Members of the Assemblies Christ Church in Eldorado, south of Joburg, showed up in court yesterday to show support for Sergeant Voster Netshiongolo. They told Daily Sun Netshiongolo had helped those in need, including Nathaniel’s family. Netshiongolo was in the Protea Magistrates Court in Soweto to give evidence of the new facts for his bail application. Netshiongolo and his two co-accused, Sergeant Simon “Scorpion” Ndyalvane and Warrant Officer Caylene Whiteboy, were denied bail in September. Netshiongolo’s wife and brothers joined his supporters in court. He’s facing a charge of murder, defeating the ends of justice and possession of ammunition. The church’s Pastor Robert Kruger said: “Netshiongolo is a believer and a father. He was served the community in a faithful way for over 15 years and lived in the community where the tragedy happened.”  The deceased’s family know him by name because he used to help them with many other matters, not necessarily criminal matters. He is part of our church and his wife serves on our board. The court previously heard that on the night of Nathaniel’s shooting, Netshiongolo was booked off sick, but went to the crime scene after being called by Ndyalvane and tampered with evidence to make look like there had been a shoot-out between the cops and an unknown person. Onke Maseti, the attorney representing Netshiongolo, read his affidavit before court. Netshiongolo said he wasn’t at the scene and when he arrived at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital, Nathaniel had already been declared dead. He said there was no evidence linking him to the murder. Maseti read: “It must be clear before this court that I’m a police officer of South Africa and I’m on duty 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. The fact that I’m off from work does not automatically mean I cannot attend a crime scene because should if I fail to do so, I could also be charged for defeating the ends of justice.” Netshiongolo said he didn’t assist the co-accused avoid charges. He requested R5 000 bail. Prosecutor Mzwandile Mrwabe said no new evidence was presented and asked for a postponement. Speaking outside court, Nathaniel’s mum Bridget Harris said Netshiongolo was not sorry. Nathaniel (16) had Down’s Syndrome and was shot metres from his home on 26 August.