 Thugs from Khayelitsha Site  C area are known for terrorising people in broad daylight but today they met their match. An off duty security guard was robbed near Lansdowne Road and Japhta Masemola road in Khayelitsha while he was walking in the area. Three thugs, one with a gun and others with knives mobbed him and grabbed his satchel and cellphone. They allegedly stabbed him on the thigh in the process. When the thugs thought they have won while they were running away, the man took a pistol from his pocket and shot one of the robbers. Two others managed to escape unharmed. The deceased robber ran and entered into a shack in the area where he fell down and died. Site C residents who witnessed the incident said they are happy that the man shot dead the robber. “This place is dangerous, robbers do what they want in broad daylight. People are being terrorised every day, I hope this would teach his friends some lessons,” said Sinethemba Magwa (45) who stays in the area. Vendors from the area told Daily Sun that they witness people being robbed every day near the robots. “These robbers do what they want, people are robbed every day. They have made this area their own zone,” said a vendor who did not want to be named. Residents said they are ready to go to court to stand as witnesses in support of the security guard who shot the robber. “He is a hero, people have had enough, we are prepared to support him at court because what he did is good." Police spokesman Captain Frederick Van Wyk said the off duty security officer was walking home when he was attacked. “As he approached corners of Lansdowne Road and Japhta Masemola  he was approached by three unknown males. One of them had a firearm and two had knives. They started to attack (robbed) the security officer. They grabbed his bag and his cellular telephone." "The suspects then managed to get a few meters away from him. The security officer had his private pistol on his person. He took it out and started to shoot at the one suspect who was close to him. Two of the suspects ran away and one fell down. The motive for this incident is robbery, investigations continues,” said Van Wyk.