MAMELODI Sundowns coach Steve Komphela has admitted that it hasn’t been easy for them since the news of the passing of Motjeka Madisha. Komphela led his charges to a 2-0 DStv Premiership victory over TS Galaxy on Tuesday evening. The 53-year-old mentor praised his players' mindset after overcoming The Rockets. Sundowns players did not allow their emotions to get the better of them as this was the first match without defender Madisha. However, Masandawana managed to stay focused, with goals by Peter Shalulile and Themba Zwane ensuring that they remain two points clear at the top of the log. “It hasn’t been easy, very difficult, very tough,” Komphela said after the match. “It drained everybody not only mentally but emotionally as well, it was very difficult to pick up the pieces, but we understood that the responsibility of playing the match was still in front of us. “I must compliment our team, our players put up a good fight and this was the most difficult one because it was more mental than otherwise. “And it was also supposed to be delivered to our supporters, our staff and everybody at Mamelodi Sundowns to ease the pain of what we going through. "We are delighted with the victory above all we say get three points under such circumstances, keep moving, consolidate your game. So we are delighted with the three points.” Komphela could not explain the pride shown by his players after the final whistle. He stated: “It is difficult to explain if someone were to ask you how do you define the taste of the sugar, you cant… how do you explain emotions… no words are appropriate enough to explain such. “Pride is something that comes along with understanding what is ahead of you and why you have to suffer and as you stand firm to face it with dignity, to me that is pride. It gives great confidence in people you are working with. “I have been going through the reports, been listening to what has been said I have observed the players going through this moment we going through. "It has not been easy when you see players at the end of it coming out with a degree of pride is a sign of what they understood the purpose of the 90 minutes for and I think they did extremely well.”