MINISTER of Police Bheki Cele has clashed with the City of Cape Town after the municipality allowed the shooting of a film at Camps Bay beach. Cele who was going around beaches in Cape Town told the people who were filming were not supposed to be doing so at the beach as the lockdown regulations for the festive season kick in today. The Minister said all he knows is that people are allowed to be at the beach but not extra activities such as filming. “This is an extra activity that has been called to be no more extra activity at the beach on this day," said Cele. "I must concede that I’m glad about social distancing but absolutely not glad about this one. Which for me it flies on the face of the regulation, having an extra activity on the beach which the President and the regulations are saying they can’t be." MMC for Safety and Security Jean-Pierre Smith who was with Cele argued that the group that was filming an advert had a permit from the municipality. “We have a different interpretation to that, this is a permitted event, the film has been permitted it went through our processes,” said Smith before Cele interjected. “Permitted by the City? No no no, the City cannot do that,” said Cele citing that because there are regulations in place. Smith later took to his Facebook account to vent his frustration and stated that legal action is being sought. “Urgent court interdict currently being obtained to prevent the minister from illegally interfering with his film shoot,” he said. Smith went on to accuse Cele of failing to distribute cops were they are needed. “Minister Cele instructs 16 SAPS police officers to come down and shut a film shoot on Camps Bay Beach which has a legal permit from the City and is employing 75 people today," Smith added. "But we can never see officers patrolling gang-infested areas so the next time residents of the Cape Flats or the townships are wondering why you can't find police maybe it's because the national minister is busy deploying them to score political points." 