CHIPPA United coach Lehlohonolo Seema reckons it would be suicidal for his side to head into their DStv Premiership clash with Orlando Pirates expecting any sort of hangover from their MTN8 final triumph. The Buccaneers ended a six-year trophy drought when they beat Seema’s former team Bloemfontein Celtic 2-1 in the Wafa Wafa final on Saturday, walking away R8 million richer. They now turn their attention to the Premiership where they lock horns with Seema’s Chilli Boys, who will be eager to bring the high-flying Soweto giants back down to earth. The match, initially scheduled to take place in Port Elizabeth, will now be played at the Orlando Stadium tomorrow (7.30 pm) with the return leg set for the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium next year. Seema has warned his side to be ready for a battle against Bucs and not expect Josef Zinnbauer’s side to be any less dangerous than they have previously proven they can be. “It would be suicidal for us to head into the game thinking they would be hungover,” said the 40-year-old former Bucs captain. “I’m sure they got the celebrations out of the way and it was water under the bridge as soon as they left Durban. “But congratulations to them as they had gone a long time without a trophy, it was well deserved. “We are now expecting a tough game, they are a good team with plenty of quality in all areas. We are aware of the danger they pose but we are ready to fight.” Pirates will be hoping to carry their cup form into the league and improve on their 10 points from six matches so far. They will be eager to hang on to their unbeaten record in the league as they look to close the four-point gap that defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns have opened in these early stages. Meanwhile, the Chilli Boys have been anything but so far this season and head into the encounter desperate to turn their fortunes around having only managed to pick up a measly five points from a possible 18. Seema, however, is confident that his side will turn the corner sooner rather than later. “We are building a new team with a lot of youngsters but we have to build while getting results,” added Seema. “If we don’t do that then we will find ourselves in trouble. But I’m not too concerned, the boys will come good soon.”