KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp looks set to lead Amakhosi to their first Absa Premiership title since 2014, and at the weekend revealed more good news to Makhosi nation. The German coach disclosed that star striker Khama Billiat could be back in action within two weeks. The 29-year-old Zimbabwean ace has not played for Amakhosi this year, with his last appearance being against Maritzburg United in what was the last game of 2019 at Harry Gwala Stadium. Since then he has missed the last five games. Speaking after Chiefs had scored an injury time 1-0 win over Golden Arrows in Durban on Saturday, Middendorp delivered the welcome news on Billiat. “We’ll take him (Billiat) in the training process this week and it can be possible that we will get him back in the next two weeks,” revealed Middendorp. “If there’s a feeling that we have to take a week more, we’ll take a week more.” On Friday the star player started training "The medical team reports a ray of hope for the return of Khama Billiat," a club statement said. "Billiat has started light training and early indications lead to a potential return to full training in the near future. He will then be assessed for match fitness." However, Billiat has more problems off the field as our sister newspaper Sunday Sun reports that a woman claiming to be his baby mama had stabbed him in the hand with a screwdriver. Meanwhile, Middendorp said opponents are now resorting to play “defensive” formations against Chiefs and this requires his team to find solutions to break them down. It took Chiefs until the 93th minute to unlock Arrows’ stubborn defence when Lebogang Manyama scored the only goal to stretch their lead to 10 points at the top of the table, ahead of second placed Mamelodi Sundowns, who have two games in hand. Middendorp said they needed to be patient, and not panic. He knew they would score and win the game. “I asked for patience. I asked for calmness. I asked for confidence. I asked them to be cool from the beginning until the end knowing that Arrows will be structured opponents,” said Middendorp. “The number of mistakes were very little, but sometimes you got to wait a little bit. Sometimes to win a championship, you have to win such games, (beat) such teams, and (win) such matches.” Chiefs have this weekend off and next face Royal Eagles in the Nedbank Cup on 8 February at FNB Stadium.