FRIDAY'S Friday! Two world tennis players - Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal - will bounce the ball in South Africa, Cape Town to be specific. It can only happen once in decades at the Cape Town Stadium that you find the world's 20-time Grand Slam Champion Federer and 19-time Grand Slam Champion Nadal, all in one court - in South Africa. As part of the biggest tennis event South Africa, the Roger Federer Foundation, has enticed South Africans with the "Match in Africa" extravaganza. This will be the sixth edition of this charity event, but the first to take place on African soil. But that is not all, Bill Gates and Trevor Noah will also form of the day's proceedings, but not in the software designer suit or the comedian attire, but all in tennis shorts and tekkies. The due - Gates and Noah, will partner with the two world tennis stars in a doubles match at 7.30pm. The more important singles match between Federer and Nadal will start at 8.30pm.   Upon landing in Cape Town, Federer said: “After a long period of planning and a huge effort from the whole team, I have finally arrived in South Africa to experience a unique moment. I am very much looking forward to a spectacular evening in Cape Town. I hope that as many people as possible will be able to join me in and outside the stadium or in front of the TV." Federer has visited Namibia to contribute to schools to get a personal idea about the effectiveness of the School Readiness Initiative. "He will experience lessons in class, attend a learning group of educators and teachers and speak to parents. He will also be meeting with the President of the Republic of Namibia as well as other important representatives of the government in order to exchange on the importance of quality early childhood education," statement from his foundation read.   HERE'S THE PROGRAMME: Friday, 4pm: Cape Town Stadium Courts Players: Single Match, 7.30pm; Roger Federer (20-time Grand Slam Champion) v Rafael Nadal (19-time Grand Slam Champion) Double Match/celebrities, 8.30pm: Roger Federer/Bill Gates vs Rafael Nadal/Trevor Noah Entertainment: Ndlovu Youth Choir and Zip Zap Circus 