 The National Institute for
Communicable Diseases (NICD) says there are still no cases of novel coronavrius
in South Africa. As of Saturday, it said it had tested
82 individuals under investigation for Covid-19, and all results had come back
negative. This comes as South Africa's
neighbour eSwatini announced on Friday that it was treating a suspected
coronovirus case at a hospital in Mbabane. SABC reported that eSwatini's
director of health services Dr Vusi Magagula had said the woman entered
eSwatini on February 6 after travelling from China to South Africa. "She presented with a fever and
was at the hospital, then the rapid response team took over and took up the
case. She came through the Ngwenya port of entry on February 6, having arrived
from the Republic of South Africa. "I don’t think she was
presenting with any symptoms. We only picked her up on the 14th because she was
already now in hospital, ill and had to be admitted to the isolation ward. So I
guess, when she passed through OR [Tambo airport] or even through Ngwenya
border post she didn’t have the symptoms," the SABC reported Magagula as
saying. The NICD said case identification
played an important role in detecting Covid-19 through the the identification
of symptoms in travellers. "We recommend that persons
returning to South Africa from an area with community transmission of
SARS-CoV-2019, presently mainland China, self-isolate at the first onset of
symptoms such as acute respiratory illness with fever, cough or shortness of
breath. Persons should quickly seek medical attention from their healthcare
provider – they should disclose their travel history and seek assistance
regarding isolation while waiting to be seen by a clinician to minimise
possible infection to others. "Additionally, ill persons
should implement measures to prevent transmission, including meticulous hand
hygiene and respiratory hygiene (covering of mouth with tissues or facial
mask)," NICD senior communications manager Sinenhlanhla Jimoh said. On Friday, AFP reported that Egypt
had confirmed its first case of coronavirus - the first case on the African
continent. Authorities have notified the World
Health Organisation and the patient, whose nationality was not given, was
placed in an isolation ward at a hospital for treatment and monitoring. SOURCE: NEWS24