Maritzburg United have stretchered their unbeaten run to 21 matches at Harry Gwala Stadium. On Friday night, the Team of Choice came from behind to to hold Cape Town City to a 1-1 draw in an Absa Premiership encounter. Maritzburg have turned their home venue, Harry Gwala a fortress. The last time Maritzburg lost a league match at their home venue was in September 2017. The Friday result see the them remaining in position six on the league standings, while the Citizens climbed up to the eighth spot on the log. The Team of Choice should have grabbed an early goal just two minutes into the match after the Citizens defence was exposed. Judas Moseamedi played a through pass to Daylon Claason, but the attacking midfielder fired straight at City goalkeeper Peter Leeuwenburgh. The visitors then suffered a blow as their star striker Kermit Erasmus went down injured and he was replaced by Shane Roberts 14 minutes into the match. The hosts dominated the match, but they were wasteful as Keagan Buchanan and Gabriel Nyoni both missed the target without testing Leeuwenburgh. City were forced to make another change just before the halftime break as their reliable shot-stopper Leeuwenburgh sustained an injury following a bad challenge from Nyoni. Zimbabwean attacker Nyoni was then sent off and Maritzburg went into the halftime break having been reduced to 10 players and the score was 0-0 at the interval. The deadlock was broken just nine minutes into the second half as the visitors took advantage of their numerical superiority. Bradley Ralani set up Thabo Nodada who made no mistake as he netted with a tap in to make it 1-0 to City following a good move by Jan Olde Riekerinki's men. Strikers Thabiso Kutumela and Jeremy Brockie were both introduced by coach Eric Tinker as Maritzburg looked to restore parity. The move paid off as Brockie made an immediate impact - scoring to make it 1-1 following a mistake by Stephens in the City goal-posts in the 73rd minute. The two teams then searched for the winning goal in the closing stages of the game, but it never came and ultimately, the match ended in a 1-1 draw on the night.