RELEGATION-threatened Black Leopards received a big boost with the return of midfielder Mogakolodi Ngele ahead of their cricial Absa Premiership clash against Stellenbosch this afternoon. Kick off at Thohoyandou Stadium is 3.30pm. The 29-year-old suffered a hamstring injury in Lidoda Duvha’s 1-1 draw with log leaders Kaizer Chiefs a fortnight ago. The injury forced the Botswana international to miss Leopards’s 1-0 defeat to Cape Town City in a league encounter last week at Cape Town Stadium. And the Venda side’s interim coach Allan Clark has welcomed the return of Ngele with the hope that the former Mamelodi Sundowns player will continue with the good form he has been displaying this season. “He’s back training with the team without any problems,” said Clark, who will be in charge of Leopards for the first time after he replaced his friend Cavin Johnson as caretaker coach on Monday. “He looks fine and has been working hard. We missed him against Cape Town City. “It’s good news for us. We need all our players during this time of the season.” Clark said he was thus far impressed with the payers’ attitude and commitment. “The boys have been good to me and are raring to go. Everyone is fighting for a place and wants to see this team move from the position we find ourselves in.” But Clark admitted this clash with on-form Stellies wasn’t going to be easy. Steve Barker’s lads are coming to this encounter with three consecutive league wins. Meanwhile, Leopards have not won in seven straight matches, losing six and drawing one. The last time Leopards tasted victory was on 30 October last year, beating Golden Arrows 2-1. Leopards are 13th on the log with the same 17 points, with Polokwane City and bottom side AmaZulu. Stellenbosch are on the eighth spot with 24 points from 20 matches. A win for Barker today will see his side closing on 30 points, which can guarantee them top flight status. Said the former AmaZulu assistant coach: “Steve is a good coach and his team is doing well. “They’re coming to Venda and it’s not easy for teams to play here. “We’re going to use our homeground advantage.”