PREMIERSHIP rookies Stellenbosch FC are edging closer to securing their status in South African football with each match. Stellies moved to the top half of the Absa Premiership following a morale boosting 1-0 victory over SuperSport United at the Cape Town Stadium on Friday night. Zambian Nathan Sinkala’s header after one hour of football, helped the newly promoted Cape Town club to move to seventh place on the log table with 27 points from 22 matches. Stellies coach Steve Barker stressed that their ambition in their debut season, is to hold on to their PSL status. So far, so good for Barker and his boys as they seem to be on the right track towards achieving their goal. They have managed to take four points off the three-time league champions after playing to a 1-1 draw at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Tshwane in their first-round meeting. Barker had every reason to jump for joy as his charges collected the maximum points. Stellies have now recorded three 1-0 wins in their past three home matches. “It’s a massive win for us.” Said a relieved Barker.“We fought hard and got the goal. We defended well and deserved to win. Credit must go to the players I’m proud of the boys. Great work ethic I was impressed with our ability to keep the ball. We are growing and developing as a squad, but we are not over the line yet. We still have a long way to go.” Barker is eager to see his team hit the 30-point mark. “The quicker we get to 30 points the better.” Stressed Barker. SuperSport remain in fourth place with 34 points from 22 matches, but the loss hampered their fading title aspirations as they trail log leaders Kaizer Chiefs by 11 points. The Tshwane giants have now lost three league games in a row leaving their coach Kaitano Tembo sad. “I’m disappointed.” Said a dejected Tembo. “We’ve lost our last three league games by a one goal margin. We are going through a rough patch. We must rise again and not bury our heads in the sand.Our decision making was poor in this game.” SuperSport face Bidvest Wits at Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit on 29 February, while Stellies visit Maritzburg United a day earlier in Pietermaritzburg.