Reality TV star and YouTube sensation Thulasizwe Dambuza, better known as LaSizwe, has finally ironed things out with his "industry father" Somizi Mhlongo. In a lengthy message on his Instagram page, the young budding star revealed that having a fall out with Somizi was one of the most emotional things he has ever gone through. “What broke my heart was that our fall out was based over people's opinions about our relationship,” he wrote. ALSO READ: MOBI DIXON ROBBED! Now that they have talked and ironed things out LaSizwe, who has always spoken highly of Somizi, revealed that Somizi has always been the one person he has looked up to and he misses the long chats they used to have. “To me you’ve always been someone I’ve always looked up to, someone I called an industry father.  We used to have our long chats over the phone which I dearly missed and after a few years of not talking, I must say that hit me hard,” he wrote. ALSO READ: PHAT JOE LEAVES LISTENERS UPSET Ending his long heartfelt lengthy post, the YouTube sensation complimented and congratulated Somizi on his wedding which is being aired on Showmax. “Your wedding looks like a dream. I watched it and baby cried a bit because I can see you finally found love and being loved suits you. Somizi, you are loved and you are love. Love, Lasizwe.” READ POST BELOW: @somizi Having a fallout with you was one of the most emotional situations I had to go through. What broke my heart was that our fallout was based over people’s opinions about our relationship. To me you’ve always been someone I’ve always looked up to, someone I called an industry Father ?????. We used to have our long chats over the phone which I dearly missed and after a few years of not talking I must say that hit me hard. But I’m glad we had our talk and ironed out our issues. I’m SO looking forward to building a much more stronger bond and great memories with you. PS: Your wedding looks like a dream. I watched it and baby cried a bit because I can see you finally found love and being loved suits you ?. Somizi, you are loved and you are love. Love, Lasizwe A post shared by  Lasizwe ( Babes Wamaleyvels ) (@lasizwe) on Feb 23, 2020 at 11:10pm PST  