AFRO-POP singer Vusi Nova has been counting his blessings since yesterday morning. This after surviving a near-fatal accident in Sandton, north of Jozi. It’s understood the crooner was on his way to the airport when his car hit a water puddle and slammed into the fence of a building. Following the accident, Vusi called his management team to alert them of what had happened. ALSO READ: SOMIZI TAKES THE BLAME FOR CASSPER'S WRONG WEDDING OUTFIT Recalled his publicity manager Eugene Cele: “We immediately rushed to the scene where the accident had happened. We were concerned that he was injured, but he wasn’t. He’s at home now and has cancelled the trip.” According to eyewitnesses, the star was travelling alone in a Mercedes-Benz Viano, which rolled six times before it crashed into the building. Explained an eyewitness: “The accident happened at an off-ramp in Sandton in the early hours of the morning. He was treated at the scene for shock, but escaped unharmed.” Another eyewitness said Vusi lost control of the car. Commented the eyewitness: “There was heavy rain in Joburg yesterday and he lost control of the vehicle he was driving. “I think he was trying to avoid a pool of water on the road. As he swerved on a wet road, it caused him to lose control of the vehicle.” “Vusi probably thought there was a big pothole under that puddle of water.”  AFRO-pop singer Vusi Nova is counting his blessings after surviving a near fatal accident yesterday morning in Sandton. It is understood that the crooner was on his way to the airport when his car hit a water puddle and slammed into the wall of a building. After the accident, Vusi called his management team to alert them of what had happened, and they rushed to the scene. “We immediately rushed to the scene where the accident had happened. We were concerned that he was injured, but he wasn’t. “He is at home now and has cancelled his trip,” said his publicity manager Eugene Cele. ALSO READ: ZODWA GIVES AWAY HER WEDDING DRESS! According to eye witnesses, the star was travelling alone in a Mercedes Benz Vito which rolled six times before it crashed into the building. “The accident happened at an off-ramp in Sandton in the early hours of the morning. He was treated on the scene for shock, but he is escaped unharmed,” said an eyewitness. Another eyewitness said Vusi lost control of the car, because he was driving on a wet road. Explained the eyewitness: “There were heavy rains in Joburg yesterday and he lost control of the vehicle he was driving. “I think he was trying to avoid a pool of water on the road. As he swerved on a wet road, it caused him to lose control of the vehicle. “He probably thought there was a pothole under that puddle of water,” said the eye witness. God is great all the time! This happened this morning on my way to the airport! Car rolled and not even a scratch on me! This for me is proof that there’s so much I still need to do before it’s my time... I’m also glad o was alone in the car. Jozi is wet, Guys plz be careful on the roads! Grateful to be alive! gratitude???? A post shared by  Vusi Nova (@vusinova1) on Feb 7, 2020 at 11:45pm PST  