DAILY SUN’s story from this week about Kelly Khumalo’s brother in law allegedly acting as her booking agent seems to have broken her relationship with younger sister Zandile! Mhlo Gumede, Zandi’s husband, was accused by a promoter and owner of Gesh Lounge, Bhekani Ndlovu of using Kelly’s name for an event and taking money. Kelly then released a statement on her social media stating that she was never booked by her brother in law. This evening, Zandi released a heavily worded statement declaring that she was divorcing Kelly and revealing some explosive details. See below Zandi’s full statement ‘divorcing’ Kelly: “It is with great sadness and it is with a very heavy heart that I announce my divorce..... If I was divorcing from my husband maybe it would have been a little bit easier and lighter but I am separating from a person that I have known for all my life and I have shared laughs, pain, excitement and disappointments with all my life with. I want to officially put it on record that the statement my sister Kelly Khumalo made about my husband was rather happazard, premature and unnecessary to say the least. We spoke about that issue and put it to her that the promoter didn't stick to his word so she had no right to take it to a public platform without getting facts. I know that the fight is not even about a gig she was supposedly booked for but the fight is with me and my husband because we both refused that I become a part of her upcoming reality TV show without being compensated accordingly. Me and my husband who is my manager have worked very hard to remove me from her shadow so we are not prepared to take ten steps backwards and be her lackie on a TV show just to please her. It hurts that she saw fit to go on social media and talk about me and my husband the same people her and my family call when the kids have not eaten,the same man that had never had a problem with me sending them money when there's a problem. My sister lives for social media and she's the kind of person that likes to pretend as if she's got it all together when she actually isn't and she hasn't been for a while now and we always there to help. This hurts because personally I have been to hell and back with her ngesizulu sithi kudala ngiwa ngivuka naye. The first and the last time I went to jail it was because of her, the first time I was questioned by the police and even put on a lie detector test it was be abuse of her, the first time I saw drugs with my own eyes it was from her but I kept quiet because that is the type of the person I am. She was more than happy to have me as her dancer forever even though she knew I was talented cos it served her ego, she had not intentions of helping me start a music career and when my husband removed me from under her shadow she was bitter at some point she accused me of stealing her song that I didn't even write. I am not going to allow her attack my house or my brand that I have both worked so hard for because of her issues. With all that said I have taken a decision that yes I love her dearly but I'm going to love her from a distance for now cos she is toxic as a person and her friends and my mother can arrest to that but she is my sister and awukho umgqomo wokulahla umuntu. This is not to bash my sister and it is neither malicious like her post but to protect t what's mine because if I started telling you about other issues your Jaws will drop I just wish that one day she will accept that she needs help and actually get help coz love her.” Daily Sun forwarded Zandi's statement to Kelly and her response was: "I have nothing to say." 