AHEAD of Bafana Bafana’s double header against Sao Tome e Principe in the match-day three and four in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers next month, the national team will train at the artificial pitches. National team coach Molefi Ntseki says they’ll use their own training centre - Fun Valley and also Nike Centre in Pimville, Soweto. This is to ensure that they are fully acclimatised ahead of their second leg against The Green and Yellow at Estadio Nacional 12 de Julho on 31 March, which is 6500-seater and has an artificial turf. This game will come a week later after Bafana had hosted the central Africa country, who have never qualified for Afcon before, at FNB Stadium on 23 March. Ntseki, who has been in charge of three games, wants to avoid the previous embarrassment of 2019 Afcon qualifiers. Bafana failed to score a goal against Seychelles at Stade Linite in October 2018 which was an artificial pitch. This came after Bafana had thrashed them 6-0 at FNB Stadium and away in the Island nation they only came with the draw, leaving the nation in the state of panic. “It is why we have opted to play the game on Friday (23 March) at FNB so that in our training session, leading up the second leg, we can always train at the artificial pitch,” said Ntseki, whose side are set to have a busy year as also 2022 World Cup qualifiers start in October. “But fortunately for us now, our pitch at our technical centre in Fun Valley is in good conditions. We’ll also be using that artificial pitch which is brand new. “But we are told the artificial pitch in Sao Tome is very old, its very hard, the ball will bounce differently from the normal pitch and also from the artificial pitch that we have in the country. “So, we’ll train at the Nike Centre and use our technical centre.” After playing these two games, Bafana, who are on three points after two games in Group C, will host Ghana in Mzansi on match-day five between 1- 9 June. They will then conclude the qualifiers against Sudan between 31 August to 8 September.