Prophet Shepherd Bushiri of the Enlightened Christian Gathering Church (ECG) says he forgives radio Veritas. He said the radio station defamed his name, but it was all forgiven. “They will face the spiritual judgment,” he said. The prophet complained in December last year at the Broadcasting Complaints Commission of South Africa (BCCSA) after the radio station aired a broadcast which he said was extremely malicious, reputational damaging, defamatory, and fabricated stories against him without affording him a right to reply. He recently won the case against the station. The BCCSA ruled in his favour saying that the broadcaster failed to take reasonable measures in securing the opposing views from the complainant. In its ruling, the BCCSA noted that all factors considered the broadcaster failed to take reasonable measures in securing the opposing views from the complainant, thus contravening the law. “The broadcaster being the first offender is hereby reprimanded and advised to substantively understand its obligations in terms of the Code,” reads the ruling signed by advocate Boitumelo Tlhakung, a commissioner for BCCSA. Bushiri said this was a victory over a case where the radio station attacked and defamed his name immensely with a one-sided story that did not only defame him but also destroyed the image of the church. “The story also infringed on my rights to be heard which, if you discern, totally announces their ill motive behind. However, he said God teaches us to forgive. “That is why I’ve decided to forgive them. What I know is that this radio and anyone behind such dubious act, have done, they will one day face the spiritual judgment,” he said. His followers were happy to hear this news and soon took to Facebook to comment. Maria Masigo said: “Amen. We serve a mighty God who is great in battle. Papa and ECG family will never be defeated.” Zenzile Qhajana said: “Congratulations daddy. Soon the whole world will know that you are a true son of the Highest God. “Thanks be to your God that brought me under your mentorship and guidance, for I know your God is supreme and he loves you and entrusted you with all heavenly mysteries.” 