President Cyril Ramaphosa has unlocked the generation of
electricity with the announcement of a Section 34 Ministerial Determination
which will enable the additional grid capacity from renewal energy, natural
gas, hydro power, battery storage and coal. This forms part of measures Ramaphosa unveiled during his
State of the National Address to end electricity crisis that has led the
country being plunged into darkness with consistent load shedding. ”For over a decade, South Africans have had to contend with
the effects of a constrained energy supply. I have spoken extensively about the
critical role that Eskom plays in the economy of our country and in the
livelihood of every South African,” he said. Ramaphosa said the
load shedding of the last few months has had a debilitating effect on our
country and has severely set back efforts to rebuild the economy and to create
jobs. ”Every time it
occurs, it disrupts people’s lives, causing frustration, inconvenience,
hardship. ”At its core,
load-shedding is the inevitable consequence of Eskom’s inability over many
years – due to debt, lack of capacity and state capture – to service its power
plants,” he said. The reality, said the
President, was that we would need to accept that load shedding would remain a
possibility for the immediate future as Eskom will undertake the fundamental
maintenance necessary to improve the reliability of supply. However, said Ramaphosa, where load-shedding was
unavoidable, it must be undertaken in a manner that is predictable and
minimises disruption and the cost to firms and households. ”Over the next few months, as Eskom works to restore its
operational capabilities, we will be implementing measures that will
fundamentally change the trajectory of energy generation in our country,” he
said. He added, measure to
rapidly and significantly increase generation capacity outside Eskom have been
taken.  These included:  -  Initiate the
procurement of emergency power from projects that can deliver electricity into
the grid within 3 to 12 months from approval.  - The National Energy Regulator to continue to register
small scale distributed generation for own use of under 1 MW, for which no
licence is required.  - The National Energy Regulator to ensure that all
applications by commercial and industrial users to produce electricity for own
use above 1MW are processed within the prescribed 120 days.  - To open bid window 5 of the renewable energy IPP and work
with producers to accelerate the completion of window 4 projects.  - To negotiate supplementary power purchase agreements to
acquire additional capacity from existing wind and solar plants and  - Will also put in place measures to enable municipalities
in good financial standing to procure their own power from independent power
producers. ”In line with the Roadmap announced last year, Eskom has
started with the process of divisionalising its three operating activities –
generation, transmission and distribution – each of which will have its own board
and management structures. “The social partners organised under Nedlac have been
meeting over the last two weeks to agree on the principles of a social compact
on electricity. “This is a historic and unprecedented development since it
demonstrates the commitment of all social partners to take the necessary
actions and make the necessary sacrifices to secure our energy needs,” he said. Ramaphosa said through this compact, the social partners
seek an efficient, productive and fit-for-purpose Eskom that generates
electricity at affordable prices for communities and industries. “This requires both a drastic reduction in costs – including
a review of irregular contracts – and measures to mobilise resources that will
reduce Eskom’s debt and inject fresh capital where needed,” he said. 