KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp has thrown his weight behind under pressure goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi. This after the Nigerian stopper received a lot of criticism for his costly error in Amakhosi’s 2-1 defeat at the hands of Maritzburg United at the weekend. Akpeyi’s mistake has led to the calls for the return of fit again Itumelng Khune to the team. Middendorp, however, believes Akpeyi has done more good than bad this season and deserves a prolonged run in the team.  “We have seen a fantastic Daniel Akpeyi over months, rescuing us in the final stages of many matches and saving crucial penalties,” Middendorp. “He has saved us in many other games. As everybody know, he has been the player of the month on several occasions.“ Everybody who follows and observes Kaizer Chiefs closely will know exactly how important Akpeyi has been for us. They will know what he has done during the course season. “There is no one in the Chiefs family who is ignoring all the good work Akpeyi has done. Our supporters are very smart and intelligent. They will not be getting carried away because there was a small mistake and we conceded.” Amakhosi defender, Daniel Cardoso, echoed the same sentiments as his coach. Cardoso said the entire defence has to take the blame for the costly error as they could not cover each other properly. "One mistake does not make a bad player all of a sudden," said Cardoso. "He is Nigeria's number one keeper for a reason." Middendorp did confirm, however, that Akpeyi would be making way for Khune in goal when Chiefs face Highlands Park in the last 16 of the Nedbank Cup. The match will take place at Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa on Saturday (3pm). But the German mentor made it clear that this is a change he was always going to make despite Akpeyi’s mistake. “We started the Nedbank Cup against Royal Eagles and Itu Khune was the goalkeeper,” added Middendorp. “We have the next round against Highlands Park. Itu Khune will be in goal again, nothing else. “We have done it last season with Bruce Bvuma in a cup competition and we are doing it this season with Itu Khune.” Middendorp is expecting another tough day at the office at the notoriously difficult to visit Makhulong Stadium against a Highlands team that is on the up. “Let’s not get carried away because we have played them twice already and we were successful,” added Middendorp. “We have to do a very good job to come back with the desired result.” 