A Spar franchisee has been ordered to pay millions of
rands to workers for unlawful deductions on earnings, as well as non-compliance
with the National Minimum Wage. The Department of Employment and Labour said it welcomes
the outcome of Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA) to
grant eight Arbitration awards in the department's favour against the eight
Spar outlets owned by Mr. Giannacoupolous. Department spokesperson Teboho Thejane
said the awards compel the franchisee to comply with compliance orders issued
and pay all complainants an amount of R 11.9 million. The respondent is further ordered to comply with clauses
3.3 to 3.16 of the same compliance order within 14 days upon receipt of the
awards. “Failure to comply with the awards will result with the respondent
having to pay accrued interest in terms of section 75 of Basic Conditions of
Employment Act (BCEA),” said Thejane. The decision follows the inspections
conducted in May 2019 after the Department's Inspection and Enforcement
Services (IES) received a series of complaints of alleged gross violations of
labour laws which were happening at Spar stores across the country. Thejane
said that on investigation, all the stores which happened to be violating the
labour laws were found to be owned by Mr Giannacoupolous.Ten stores were
affected, with nine based in Gauteng and one in the North West. Issues raised
in terms of labour laws violations included, failure by the employer to issue
employees with contracts, long working hours without overtime compensation,
Sunday pay, public holidays and leave not granted according to the law, the
complaints also related to the hiring of illegal foreign nationals; and Illegal
deductions. The inspections were conducted at Spar Orchards, Dely Road,
Doornport Spar, Montana Spar, Wierda Spar, Silverton Spar, Zambezi Super Spar,
Rietfontein Spar, Silverplace Spar and Safari Spar in Rustenburg. These outlets
employ 565 workers. The Department of Employment and Labour Inspector General,
Aggy Moiloa, said the Department is delighted that the national minimum wage,
which was promulgated in 2019, is bearing much desired fruits. “The relentless
work that is carried out by our inspectors is contributing towards making a
difference in the lives of vulnerable workforce. I exhort employers to make it
their business to respect and comply with the labour laws of our country".   