 EFF MPs'
conduct during Thursday evening's State of the Nation Address (SONA) will land
them a date with Parliament's Powers and Privileges Committee. However, by
leaving on their own accord rather than "with the assistance" of the
parliamentary chamber support services, the EFF MPs sidestepped an immediate
suspension which would have seen them miss next week's debate on President
Cyril Ramaphosa's speech. Several EFF
MPs, including leader Julius Malema, raised several points of order – first
insisting that former deputy president and last apartheid-era president FW de
Klerk leave the public gallery, and then insisting that Public Enterprises
Minister Pravin Gordhan be fired. National Assembly
Speaker Thandi Modise on several occasions asked them to stop raising the same
points of order and not to stand up and speak without being recognised. EFF MPs
demanded on Thursday that President Cyril Ramaphosa fire Public Enterprises
Minister Pravin Gordhan. After
Modise suspended proceedings, she allowed Malema a short speech, after which he
and his colleagues left the chamber, with some of the EFF MPs throwing water
bottles at other MPs.  'Touching
the pockets' of errant members The other
parties condemned the EFF's conduct, with a suggestion from DA interim leader
John Steenhuisen that the EFF MPs should be referred to the Powers and
Privileges Committee. There was also a suggestion that the presiding officers
look at docking the EFF MPs' pay. "We
agree with all the parties who are saying that the matters are grave and that
the conduct of all the members who have left the House must be referred to the
Powers and Privileges Committee," Modise said. She also
said both houses should look at a system of "touching the pockets" of
errant members and refining the joint rules – the rules which govern joint
sittings like SONA – to deal with MPs who don't subject themselves to the
presiding officers' rulings. In 2014,
the Powers and Privileges Committee suspended some EFF members without pay and
docked other EFF MPs' pay after they chanted "Pay back the money!"
during a question session with former president Jacob Zuma. This session was
suspended and set the National Assembly on a tumultuous course. The EFF
challenged the committee's sanctions in court, but the court ruled in
Parliament's favour. SOURCE:
NEWS24