Irvin Mahlangu (27) who is accused of murdering his 3-month-old baby girl has abandoned his bail application at the Kwamhlanga Magistrates Court on Friday (7 Feb). He was making his third appearance before Magistrate Andre du Pree. The accused Legal Aid Lawyer told the court that her client no longer wants bail. Magistrate Du Pree postponed the matter to 10 March for further investigation as Mahlangu was remanded back into custody. Irvin allegedly killed his baby on 28 January by throttling and slitting her throat with a broken bottle. The incident took place at his rented house at Kwamhlanga. Members of the community packed the court to full capacity to oppose his bail application. Mary Mtsweni (43) the baby's grandmother said Irvin robbed her the first grandchild. She said she is happy that he is no longer applying for bail.  "I have been robbed the chance of becoming a grandmother for the first time. I was looking forward to raise my granddaughter but now all I am left with is to deal with the pain of losing her. I want justice to take its course and let him rot in jail," she said. Mary said on that fateful day the accused called her daughter Pearl Mtsweni (22) telling her that he doesn't have transport to work. She said her daughter drove to him with the aim to accompany him. "My daughter took my car and went to the house. He found that the baby's father was not yet ready. She told me that when she entered the house she immediately became dizzy. She then went to lie on the bed with the baby and the boyfriend joined them. She dozed off and he took the baby to another room. Later my daughter discovered that the baby was no longer in bed and went to check in other rooms. That is when she found him killing the baby," she said. "She prayed hard as he told her that she was next but her prayers saved her as he could not get close. Pearl broke the window and screamed out loud and that is when neighbours responded and called the cops," she said. Neighbour Poppie Madithlaba (64) told Daily Sun, that when they heard the screams, they quickly rushed to the house but found that the door was locked. "The boyfriend shouted insults at us. He said since we saw him, he will have to kill the baby's mother too. We had to call the cops and luckily they arrived quickly. The cops then opened the door before he could kill the baby's mother," she said.