GOGO Mantwa Metlae (75) warned her son about abusing alcohol and now he is dead after being stabbed at a tavern. Ditabe Molaoa (44) was stabbed in the neck on Tuesday, allegedly by a security guard, for leaving with an empty beer bottle. Gogo Mantwa from Dark City, Mangaung, said she’d warned him on that day not to go to the tavern. MAN WITH 33 DISTINCTIONS DIES IN AN ACCIDENT! “When Ditabe didn’t come back home on Tuesday night we thought maybe he was just visiting a friend,” she told Daily Sun. “In the morning a man called me to come and identify someone who looked like my son. When we got to the scene we found my son lying dead on the ground in a pool of blood.” They called the cops and found he had been stabbed in the neck. “I just couldn’t believe it was my son lying there.” “I warned him not to go. Something told me something bad was going to happen.” DRUNK MUM OFFERS SEX TO MAN ON PLANE! She said Ditabe was a car guard at the mall and worked hard to support his daughter and granddaughter. A tavern patron said they were leaving when the guard demanded Ditabe take the beer bottle back to the tavern or give him R3. “Ditabe went back to the tavern to give them the bottle, but when he was leaving I saw the guard following him. He stabbed him in the neck. We tried to help him, but it was too late to save his life.” Relative Mosa Velephi said: “Earlier in the day Ditabe behaved as if he knew death was coming. He hugged and kissed his daughter and his granddaughter, telling them he loved them.” Tavern owner Vusumzi Mabele said: “The guard who allegedly killed Ditabe doesn’t work for me. 'NAKED JESUS' HOSPITALISED “He’s also a patron. I pass my deepest condolences to the family.” Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said a murder case was opened. “The victim was found next to the road with a stab wound on his neck. “It’s alleged he had a quarrel with the known suspect, which led to the suspect running after him and stabbing him. The suspect has since been on the run following the death of the victim.” 