BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco is of the view that their latest recruit, Justice Chabalala, will help stabilise their leaky defence. Siwelele have let in 26 goals in 19 matches, which is a big worry for Konco. The 28-year-old joined Siwelele on loan from Soweto giants Orlando Pirates until the end of season. Said Konco: “We are very excited to have a player of Justice’s calibre. We have been conceding a lot in our last few matches, even though we have also been scoring. “Our experienced players Rikhotso (Tshepo) and Wandisile Letlabika have been recovering from injury, therefore we needed someone to plug their gap.” Konco reckons conceding less goals is vital in their bid to finish the season within the top eight. Celtic occupy seventh spot on 25 points. “We have targeted the top eight, but the season is tough. Last season we managed to reach this target and we believe we can do it again.” Konco revealed that they might push hard to sign Chabalala on a permanent basis, depending on his performance. The lanky player has been struggling to break into Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer’s starting line-up, having also warmed the bench under caretaker coach Rhulani Mokwena. “We won’t make many signings during this period,” he said. Chabalala is excited that he will finally get a chance to play football again, having last played competitively in July last year when he helped Pirates beat Soweto rivals Kaizer Chiefs 2-0 in the Carling Black Label Cup. Said Chabalala: “I am happy to have joined Celtic. I thank the chairman (Irvin Khoza) for allowing me to go out on loan and not forgetting Celtic chairman Max Tshabalala, who welcomed me with open arms. “It has been long without playing and now is the time to show what I can do. I believe in my ability and I always tell myself that I am a quality player. I will let my legs do more talking on the pitch.” The Giyani-born player revealed that he was feeling bad when Pirates were losing matches prior to the arrival of Zinnbauer. “I was sitting there (on bench) when the team was struggling. I was feeling bad because I have a passion for football and I needed to play to help the team. “I promise Celtic fans that I will add quality to this team. I will stop the problem at the back, but we need to work together,” added Chabalala.