Penis size
can cause concern in some people. Having a
small penis might affect a person's self-confidence and lead to feelings of
anxiety. One of the
many myths surrounding masturbation is the idea that it can make a person's
penis bigger or smaller. However,
Medical News Today reports that these myths can worsen anxiety in people who
already have issues with the size of their penis. Several
other myths suggest masturbation can lead to adverse effects on different
aspects of health. There is no
scientific evidence that masturbation has any permanent effect on penis size.
Masturbation does lead to an erection that increases the size of the penis, but
this is only temporary. The penis
will return to normal size after ejaculation. Penis size
is mostly a result of genetic influences. The penis grows throughout puberty
and sometimes for a few years after. For most, the penis will stop growing
around the ages of 18 or 19. Testosterone
is an essential hormone for sexual functioning and development. During puberty,
testosterone levels increase and may contribute towards penis growth. Testosterone
levels also vary during masturbation. However, these changes are minimal and
have no long-term impact. Testosterone levels return to normal soon after
ejaculation. As both
penis growth and masturbation have an association with testosterone levels,
this could explain the misconception that masturbation affects penis size. But
that is all it is — a myth and misconception. Many
companies sell lotions, ointments, and other products to increase penis size.
However, there is little evidence supporting these products. A review in
2019 assessed 21 different methods to increase penis size in over 1,000 men.
The study included both surgical and non-surgical options. They found that
there was little high-quality evidence proving that these methods worked. Penis
surgery can extend the length or girth of the penis. This typically involves
taking fat or other tissues from different parts of the body and inserting them
into the penis. The results of these surgeries vary and can lead to
complications, such as sexual dysfunction. 