Let’s face it No one is immune to
a bad hair day! Dry scalp, frizzy, fragile or
brittle hair can be time-consuming and uncomfortable at the best of times.
Naturally Africa aims to address these everyday concerns and treat them with
the care and attention they deserve. The Naturally Africa team
invested months in perfecting each product, ensuring that the range would
protect, moisturise and nourish your hair and scalp – from root to tip. Each
ingredient used in this unique range has been thoughtfully selected to serve a
purpose and bring you a collection that provides affordable, effective, quality
products, that supports the lifestyle of textured hair. Naturally Africa is
+95% naturally derived and clean beauty, this means that each product is
cruelty-free, with a vegan-friendly formula. These moisture-rich and chemically
free formulations will cleanse condition and hydrate hair – naturally!  Naturally Africa
Cleansing Conditioner- R139.95 Never mind a ‘two in one’ this cleansing conditioner is a three in one miracle product!This product has been carefully formulated with the highest quality of ingredients ensuring nothing but the best for your hair. The high level of sunflower seed oil will leave your scalp hydrated without eliminating any of the moisture. It is gentle enough for regular use on dry, damaged or chemically treated hair. *This product is sulphate free  Naturally Africa Hair & Scalp
Oil -
R159.95  Everyone wants something different, be it long luscious locks or shorter tightly defined curls – it all starts with a healthy canvas. Your scalp is just as important as your individual strands – without the root being healthy and happy, how can your hair grow?Now you can have it all with this unique formulation;Your hair will look healthier but not greasy and your scalp will feel soothed and cleansed. Naturally
Africa Hair Food & Scalp Therapy - R179.95  Hair
Food & Scalp Therapy without the sustenance your hair won’t grow The truth is that no amount of head
massages will cure your scalp problems. Good hair starts with a healthy scalp –
an oily head or excessive dryness needs proper treatment. Hair Food & Scalp therapy is a
natural multivitamin for your head; alleviating dry scalp and hydrating the
skin leaving it comfortable and soft. Infused with hydrating water and
providing it with a soft, light touch and non-greasy feel. Naturally Africa Curl Defining Lotion - R159.95 Curl Defining Lotion for moisture, shine and curlDo you often feel like your hair has a mind of its own? Loose curls at the back but tighter coils in the front? Frizz on top but perfectly defined around your temples? Fortunately, we’re here to move those locks in the right direction and keep that ‘fro looking fab.This formulation provides your hair with everything it has been asking for, hydration to condition each individual strand, yet packing the punch it needs to be whipped into shape and stay that way.  Naturally Africa Curl Refresher Spray - R139.95 Curl Refresher Spray for moisture, shine and curl. No more frizz, dryness and split ends!There’s a big difference between cute and curly or fluffy and frizzy! Armed with your secret weapon, instantly smooth, condition and sleek curls are right at your fingertips. Carefully developed with a non-greasy formula containing vegetable proteins, just one ‘tsssss’ and you’ll never look back! Naturally Africa Detangling Spray - R139.95 Who says brushing, combing and detangling your hair should equate to a workout at the gym?With one or two pumps of this incredible spray you will have the power to transform your hair with ease. This carefully formulated product will condition each strand of hair, leaving it easy to manage, silky smooth to touch and make un-braiding a breeze! With ingredients such as vegetable protein your hair will be replenished from the inside out. Naturally Africa Braid MoisturizingSpray - R139.95 At a glance, braids are the perfect low
maintenance protective style. Just like every living organism, hair needs
moisture and sustenance to survive. Whether you fashion your own hair into
individual braids or choose synthetic extensions, a moisturizing spray is
essential to seal the braids, protect your roots and keep your overall look in
check. Carefully formulated with tea tree oil to
soothe your scalp and neutralize any undesirable odour, this moisturizing spray
will slot right into your busy schedule with ease. Naturally Africa Locking Gel Wax- R179.95 Keep the styling process simple with our naturally formulated locking gel wax. Infused with Vegetable Protein, Vitamin E & Tea Tree Oil.No residue, a non-greasy feel yet still treating your scalp and hair with the hydration that it deserves.*This product contains natural styling ingredients derived from corn! Available at Clicks Stores from 25 March 2020 Catch us at the Cape
Town Clicks Curl Event 3 – 5 May 2020! For more on the Naturally Africa Hair Care Range visit: www.naturallyafricahaircare.com