NISSAN is elevating the performance capability of electric cars with its new twin-motor all-wheel-control technology called e-4ORCE. The technology provides instant torque to all four wheels to deliver balanced, predictable power and handling on par with many premium sports cars. The “e” represents Nissan’s technologies enabled by a 100% electric motor drive system. “4ORCE,” pronounced “force,” evokes physical power and energy with “4” standing for the all-wheel control driving capability. Takao Asami, Nissan’s senior vice president of research and advanced engineering, said: “The e-4ORCE twin-motor all-wheel control technology offers precise handling and stability, which gives drivers greater confidence and even more excitement than ever before.” “This technology enables excellent cornering performance and traction on slippery surfaces and comfortable ride for all passengers.” The technology was born from lessons learned in the development of the Nissan GT-R’s ATTESA E-TS torque split system and the Nissan Patrol’s intelligent 4X4 system. Engineers developed the e-4ORCE technology to specifically manage electric vehicle power output and braking performance to be smooth and stable. Unparalleled ride comfort is the result of the e-4ORCE technology’s ability to minimise vehicle pitch and dive. This is accomplished by employing regenerative braking from both front and rear motors, making city stop-and-go traffic less jostling. Similarly, on rough, bumpy roads and when accelerating, motor control is optimised to maintain ride comfort by minimising irregular movement. e-4ORCE increases driver confidence by faithfully tracing the driver’s intended line, thanks to ultra-high-precision motor and brake control. With the confidence to handle such a variety of road surfaces, even for novice drivers on slippery surfaces, driving becomes more enjoyable with Nissan’s e-4ORCE technology. Nissan will be displaying its zero-emission crossover Ariya Concept — which features e-4ORCE — at its CES booth but the company is also showcasing the technology on a twin-motor, all-wheel-drive technology test car in Las Vegas during CES.