As the minister of Finance Tito Mboweni tabled his 2020s Budget Speech this afternoon, we can all agree that it was a daunting task for our honourable minister in Parliament. With an ailing economy, a growing unemployment rate and state-owned entities that have become public enemy number one, Tito Mboweni faced a balancing act more difficult than a man married in a polygamous relationship trying his level best to keep all his wives happy at home. Much like our minister, couples are facing trying economic times and like Tito Mboweni we have also tabled a Budget Speech for Couples that will assist Parliament perform better in terms of its finances in 2020. Honourable Couples, your budget for 2020 should look something like this:  Honourable Couples for 2020 to be a 20PLENTY year in terms of our sexual-activity revenue, we need to channel all our energy to boosting our sex drive economy. Times are indeed tough, and with a demanding socio-economic environment we are part of. We constantly need a good balance of stress relieving and power boosting. Honourable Couples, sports is a way of life and good sex-drive gives life not only to the global economy but also to your Parliament.  With SAA limiting our ability to take flight to greener pastures, we are forced to remain down to earth and navigate ourselves on foot. This however comes as a blessing in disguise because it forces us as couples to better explore what our country has to offer in terms of tourism. So before we quickly want to spend our thin budget on extravagant trips to outside countries to better enhance our Instagram page and to jump on the bandwagon of #LOVELIVESHERE, let us please be sensible and creative when planning our holidays. The  South African landscape at any given day can globally compete with any tourist destination in the world. Just take a peak into Gods Window.  Honourable Couples, a couple that parties together, stays together and this year let's invest a little bit to painting the town. Again, we are blessed with some of the best hangout spots in the world. So if clubbing is not your scene, then there's a lot of chilled and vibrant places where you can let your hair down and enjoy each other's company.  Most medication prescribed to us by our doctors helps us with our various illnesses but we often forget that the most important dose of medicine comes from the brewery chemist. We strongly condemn the consumption of this medication on our roads hence we highly recommend that you have it in the comfort of your own home. Hence having drinks as a couple in the comfort of your own space is really having drinks on the house. It's safe, intimate and encourages members to constantly be in a joint-sitting.  http://https://www.dailysun.co.za/loveandsex/order-honourable-couples-20200221 As we stated in Soba, it is very important to focus as Honourable Couples in investing in one another. When we seek to empower and grow as couple, we not only create an opportunity for wealth but we open our relationship to exploration and mystery, which in turn grows our interest rate on one another.  "Knowledge is the new money". These are the words echoed by global speaker and entrepreneur Eric Thomas who understands that knowledge is the new currency and this year's budget will also focus on strengthening our knowledge. Whether it is matters between the sheets or day to day explores of life, we need to be open to learn new things, Honourable Couples because an open mind is liberated mind.   Honourable Couples, we are already an over-populated country and we welcome everyone to our beautiful land. But the reality is, the more people we have in our country, the more we fail to take full care of our people's needs. This in turn results to an outbreak of violence and that analogy is the same thing that happens in our relationships when we invite others to meddle in it. As the Department of Home Affairs, we have invested heavily in the installation of personal boarders in our relationships to keep out unwanted guests in Parliament. I urge you all, Honourable Members, to follow suite.   