COPS are searching for Bathobile Mlangeni, who allegedly strolled out of the cash-in-transit depot with a trolley containing refuse bags filled with millions of rands. Mlangeni worked as security guard at one of the biggest cash-in-transit companies in Mzansi. HUSBAND SEALS WIFE'S PUNANI WITH GLUE AFTER CHEATING Sowetan reports that Mlangeni, from Dlamini, Soweto, is wanted for allegedly stealing R4m from a basement SBV Secure Solutions cash depot at the Mall of Africa on July 15. Mlangeni, 29, who was on duty at the time of the incident, allegedly cut open two bulk cash bags with a pair of scissors before transferring the money into a number of refuse bags which she placed in a trolley and walked out of the depot, a source close to the investigation told Sowetan. The publication quoted Gauteng police spokesperson Cpt Mavela Masondo saying Mlangeni was wanted in connection with the disappearance of millions of rands while she was on duty. "She has not reported to work since the day the money went missing," Masondo told the publication.  He urged members of the community who could know her whereabouts or information that could lead to her arrest to come forward. A source who spoke to Sowetan on condition of anonymity said Mlangeni simply strolled out of the mall with the money. MAKHI DEMANDS SEX! "The video footage shows that she was on duty. We don't know what the procedure is when it comes to security personnel who leave their posts, if they get searched or what," "But the footage shows her using a pair of scissors to open the bags and put money in the plastic bags. We don't know how many plastics were used, but the trolley was full when she walked out of the depot," the source told the publication. SKEEM SAAM ACTRESS: I'M CCMA'S MOST WANTED The source said Mlangeni's superiors and colleagues noticed that the R4m was missing when it was supposed to be taken to its intended destination. Mlangeni started working at SBV in 2011 and was stationed at a depot in the East Rand before she was moved to Ormonde and then Mall of Africa in 2017.