PITSO Mosimane will this weekend support Orlando Pirates to beat Kaizer Chiefs. This Saturday's Soweto derby at FNB Stadium on Saturday carries a lot at stake, no wonder Mosimane has chosen Pirates over Chiefs. Mosimane wants Bucs to do them a huge favour by hitting the brakes on Chiefs, as they chase the Absa Premiership too, as well as the Buccaneers. But technically, Mosimane feels Pirates would be better suited to win the match instead of Chiefs who are top of the log and victory for the Naturena lads could dent their ambitions of catching up with them. Chiefs top the standings with 45 points while Sundowns are breathing heavily behind their back with 41, and Pirates have 39. The trick is that Pirates have already played 21 matches while Chiefs and Sundowns are still on 20 matches apiece. With Sundowns away in Cairo, Egypt this weekend for their Caf Champions League clash against Al Ahly on Saturday, Sundowns will have a local league bye. This would give them an advantage over others as they will be reading between the lines and would know what action to put in place to overtake Chiefs at the summit. The former Bafana Bafana coach confirmed that he will be rooting for Bucs: “You don’t want Chiefs to extend their lead to seven points. "I think we should look at what makes the league interesting and exciting. "It’s okay if Pirates win because we will have two games in hand over them, and that gives us hope that we can overtake them and shift our focus to Chiefs. “We don’t want Chiefs to run away with it. If we don’t drop the ball, we can catch them, but we don’t wish them to win on Saturday. "Results elsewhere must go in our favour for us to be able to overtake them, hopefully it will start this week.” He further said he would like to see which German would come out tops between Ernst Middendorp (Chiefs) and Josef Zinnbauer of Pirates. He said: “It’s the battle of the Germans. I can’t wait to see who is the smartest two. "There is no friendship here, it’s derby time.” Mosimane, who has won four league titles with the Tshwane giants, was also quick to admit though that there is still a long way decide who will win this ensuing title race. “Nothing will be decided this week.” He said.  