TODAY is the fourth anniversary of the Lily Mine collapse. Former mineworkers who were the last to go underground on that fateful day said they dreaded this time of year. READ: NAKED 'BLACK JESUS' AND FEMALE COMPANION ASK FOR LIFT Muzi Vilakazi (31) from Louisville, outside Barberton in Mpumalanga, told Daily Sun  had just gone underground when he heard a loud bang. He said the mineworkers couldn’t find the container in which Pretty Nkambule, Solomon Nyirenda and Yvonne Mnisi were trapped. “Everything was sinking. We had to find another way out,” he said. Vilakazi and 75 others were rescued through a shaft window. He said every year this time, all the bad memories came back. They don’t have jobs and can’t support their families.   He called on Vantage Goldfields Mines and government to do more to help the families of those who were in the container to find closure. They also wanted their jobs back. For the past 10 months, locals and families of the trapped workers have been camping outside the mine, calling for the government to retrieve the container. Pretty Nkambule’s brother Sifiso Mavuso (25) told Daily Sun he dropped his studies because he wasn’t coping. “My sister was the breadwinner. She was everything to us. “What breaks my heart is that the government is ignoring our call. “If the people who were underground were our leaders’ children, something would have been done but we don’t matter as we’re poor.” Solomon Nyirenda’s mum Fiona (60) said she hoped they would retrieve the container one day. READ: MAGOSHAS SAY THEY CHARGE R200 FOR NO POKE “We want the remains of our children. We want closure.” Yvonne Mnisi’s father Elmon (65) called for the mine to transfer the share certificate to investors so they could retrieve the container and continue with operations.  Vantage Goldfields Mines’ Michael McChesney previously said the mine was in business rescue and in the process of being refinanced. He said once funding was secured, the workers would get their jobs back. “There are plans to retrieve the container, but it can only happen when the mine reopens,” he said. Amcu president Joseph Mathunjwa is expected to address the workers today.