 President
Cyril Ramaphosa has had a rough start to his first chairing of the African
Union, threatening to leave an ordinary session before it concluded in the
early hours of Tuesday morning. News24
understands that, at about 03:00, Ramaphosa was so fed up with diplomats and
heads of state taking issue with the translation of adoptions that he
threatened to leave the summit early to prepare for his State of the Nation
Address which he will deliver on Thursday before a joint sitting of Parliament. The
session, which was meant to take place over two days, was plagued by several
delays as state leaders and their diplomats were unable to adopt decisions due
to disagreements over translations. Cyril
Ramaphosa discussed trade relations at a media briefing alongside German
chancellor Angela Merkel at the Union Buildings on Thursday. Merkel is on a
two-day visit in South Africa. It took
more than four hours for the 140-page document to be translated into French and
Arabic. Several African leaders were seen leaving the African Union
headquarters before the second day's session concluded. The two-day
gathering, which was meant to end at 21:30 - with Ramaphosa delivering his
closing address before facing the media - was called off at 03:00. Ramaphosa
was unable to make his closing address or brief the media. Ramaphosa,
who took over the chairmanship of the AU from Egyptian President Mohamed
al-Sisi, scored a significant diplomatic victory on Monday after his chief
negotiator Wamkele Mane was elected as the new secretary of the Africa free
trade agreement area. This
victory came after Nigeria fielded its own candidate. The deliberation and
voting on the secretariat took much of the two-day session. Ramaphosa
will face the mammoth task of tackling conflicts in war-torn Libya and South Sudan. During the
summit, he engaged in talks with South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar and
President Salva Kiir to iron out the last details of the negotiations. The two
rival leaders have missed two key deadlines to form a transitional unity
government in the past. The already
fragile peace process could be threatened should an agreement fail between the
two leaders. Peace and
security commissioner Smaïl Chergui was optimistic that the South Sudanese
leaders would reach an agreement before the deadline. One
diplomat from Ghana said this was a learning curve for Ramaphosa, who would
eventually learn to take a much "firmer position as the chair". SOURCE: NEWS24