"If we don't save the DA, we cannot save South
Africa." This is the view of   News24 has seen a letter she penned to the party's public representatives
explaining the reason behind her decision to stand. "I will not watch the organisation that we have built
over many years disappear into oblivion," wrote Ntuli. Her letter to representatives of the party comes amid
speculation that three prominent DA leaders will take on interim DA leader John
Steenhuisen, who has said he will run for the position of party leader. On Monday, long-time Gauteng DA leader John Moodey told a
provincial executive committee meeting he will not be available to return as
Gauteng chief in June, confirming to News24 that he was "seriously
considering" putting his name in the hat for federal leader. The DA has been on a downward slope, which saw it perform
poorly in the 2019 general elections. This was followed by the resignation of
Mmusi Maimane as federal leader. It has also lost control of the municipalities it governed
through coalition governments, including Nelson Mandela Bay and Johannesburg,
with Tshwane on the brink as its second DA mayor stepped down under a cloud of
scandal. While she raised concerns over the state of South Africa in
her letter, she focused a lot of attention on the health of the organisation
and she said it was in "deep crisis". She added it will not be able
to pull the country out of its current situation. South Africa's economy has been contracting year on year,
with unemployment on the rise and the battle against corruption not yielding
any quick wins or convictions. Ntuli, in citing the party's recent "series of
losses", said it didn't appear that things would get better for the
country's second largest political party. from her ahead of making it public on February 7. The DA's conference is set to take place on April 4 and 5. Ntuli was not available for comment.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/mbali-ntuli-eyes-da-top-job-if-we-dont-save-the-da-we-can-not-save-sa-20200204 