 You can
indeed run but you can’t hide from the rule of the law. Halisani
Gumede (37), Lungisani Madlala (24) and Ntuthuko Mseleku (27) learned this the
hard way today at Joburg High court. They were
sentenced to a total of six life imprisonment plus more than 500 years in jail. The three
musketeers were sentenced for crimes they committed in August 2016. When they
were not convicted, they thought they had escaped. But the law
proved to be above them when they learned that they will be spending the rest
of their lives behind bars. As judge
Cassim Moosa handed down the heavy judgment, families of the victims were heard
ululating. They said
this was what the three deserved for murdering their loved ones. The three
were sentenced for crimes that include, among others, murder, attempted murder,
robberies with aggravating circumstances, possession of unlicensed firearms,
possession of ammunition and defeating the ends of justice. They killed
an off-duty cop, Sabelo Ngwenya and a businessman, Ephraim Mdaka at Edenpark,
Ekurhuleni. They also
attempted to kill a security guard Teboho Mokoena. The three
had come to rob a tavern owned by Ephraim when he called for help after they
overpowered the security guard. A neighbour
cop who was off-duty on the day, Sabelo Ngwenya tried to intervene but he met
his death. The
suspects did not have mercy on Ephraim. They shot
him dead as he pleaded for mercy. When Sabelo
arrived, he was also shot dead. They then
took off with his service pistol. However,
their joy was short-lived as the police left no stone unturned in finding the
people responsible. The three
were later linked to the murder and their case began. Elizabeth
Motaung (65), mother of a slain cop told Daily Sun she was half happy with the
judgment. “They will
live. My son is dead. I wish they got the same judgment they gave to my son
when they shot him cold blood.” The wife of
the tavern owner, Evon Mdaka (43) said her husband was the pillar of their
strength. “Since his
passing, life has been difficult,” she said. NPA
Advocate David Mothibe said they were happy with the sentencing.