Mzansi's media darling Bonang Matheba unveiled her brand new limited MCC at the Sun Met in Cape Town over the weekend and the price has tongues wagging. The House of BNG was the official celebration partner of the event and the new MCC is said to be a limited Prestige Reserve Brut MCC. The MCC is in a sophisticated black bottle with gold detail, including the gold BNG logo and is set to retail at R799 at Woolworths stores. READ: QUEEN B PRESENTS NEW BUBBLY! MCC is an abbreviation for "Méthode Cap Classique" which is a South African term indicating a sparkling wine made in the traditional method (the same way champagne is made), by which a secondary fermentation takes place inside the bottle, however, champagne can only be called so if it is produced within the Champagne region of France. Say hello to my new baby... BNG Prestige Reserve. ?? @houseofbng A post shared by  Bonang Matheba (@bonang_m) on Feb 1, 2020 at 11:58am PST  Why you will be forking out R799 for this MCC “We have some of the world’s best grapes here in South Africa and so I decided to make a Méthode Cap Classique wine – which is made in exactly the same way as champagne but using Cape grapes. This is my love letter to Africa and I’m excited to introduce it to the world,” said Bonang in a media statement when launching her BNG brand. - MCC (and champagne) is different to sparkling wine. The latter has carbon dioxide added later in the process. MCC also has smaller bubbles. - The House of BNG Brut is competition for more established MCC brands. Its quality speaks for itself. It doesn't bubble up too much and it's smooth. - Bonang worked with acclaimed Cape wine master Jeff Grier for the past two years to develop the bubblies. - The Bonang brand is arguably one of the biggest in SA and she is considered to be a beacon of black excellence and sophistication. - It is a prestige reserve which results in a wine of extreme elegance and fine mousse with zero dosage. Say hello to my new baby... BNG Prestige Reserve. ?? @houseofbng A post shared by  Bonang Matheba (@bonang_m) on Feb 1, 2020 at 11:58am PST 