KAIZER Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp wants to quickly forget about their 1-0 defeat to GladAfrica Championship side TS Galaxy in the Nedbank Cup final last year. In fact, the German born was annoyed at the PSL offices in Parktown yesterday when scribers reminded him about 18 May at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium. “I am not here to talk about what happened on 18 May,” explained an irritated Middendorp ahead of Amakhosi’ clash against another Championship side Royal Eagles in the Last-32 round at FNB Stadium on Saturday (6pm). “We respect everybody in the NFD and PSL. We are aware about it (the defeat). It happens all the time when results are not going your way. ‘We lost something that is not ours. We had a totally different team last year, but why go backwards? Let’s look forward and give respect to each other.” Middendorp seems to have learnt his lesson since he has revealed that he will field his strongest squad when Amakhosi take on GladAfrica Championship side Royal Eagles to avoid a similar disappointment. “We are not really taking it easy just because we are meeting a team which is fighting at the moment to stay in the NFD. We have been busy with it (preparations) to look into Royal Eagles team last three games. They introduced a number of new players, the results are obviously coming. “I saw the team playing Ajax Cape Town in Pietermaritzburg myself, (performance was) good.” Middendorp insist that he won’t tamper with a winning formula. The good news for Chiefs fans is that new Kenyan midfielder Anthony Akumu could make his debut on Saturday, while striker Khama Billiat will also be available for selection since he is fully fit. “We had our challenges in the run of the season, particularly after the (festive) break. We went for a different loading procedure, we lost to Polokwane City, we played 1-1 against Maritzburg United, and lost to SuperSport United after a short break of two and half weeks. “We are aware about it and the team know that we will not break the core of the team. Meaning, we are not going to this match with a freshened up team. We will stick to our core players we have used the entire season. Anthony Akumu will be in the squad and Khama Billiat too.” Meanwhile, minnows Vaal University are eager to follow in the footsteps of Galaxy in a bid to lay their hands on the Ke Yona trophy. Vaal coach Standford Nkoane is confident his side will upset PSL outfit Golden Arrows when the teams clash in another match at Dobsonville Stadium on Saturday (3pm). In fact, Nkoane said even Arrows coach Steve Komphela’s “Big English” won’t help him to overcome them. He went on: “The PSL teams are an open book to us. I watched a couple of Arrows games and identified areas we could hurt them. If they undermine us, they will see a problem. Komphela is a good coach, I may not be in his class, but his big English won’t win him the game. I will speak my Tsonga and we will see who will come out top.”