The interim leader of the DA, John Steenhuisen, has blasted
President Cyril Ramaphosa's State of the Nation Address (SONA), describing it
as a "defining moment" which he allowed to "slip away".  "You had all the cards honourable president, and then
you went and blew it. You let us down," remarked Steenhuisen.  MPs are currently debating the president's SONA which was
delivered last week.  Steenhuisen accused Ramaphosa of consistently choosing the
ANC over the country, saying he should use his reply to the debate as an
opportunity to redeem himself.  "You are not the reformer South Africa thought you are.
You don't have the guts to make the tough choices our country needs. You are
not brave enough to take on the unions that hold this country to ransom."  Steenhuisen recalled the spirit of hope, which he said had
engulfed the country when Ramaphosa became president in 2018, saying it had
since resulted in dying industries, failed municipalities, a million more
people becoming unemployed, a slowdown of direct foreign investment and tax
revenues decreasing, with crime increasing. "I am not going to stand here and say this happened on
your watch, Mr President … that would be far too kind, it didn't just happen on
your watch, it happened by your own hand."  He accused the president of not being the reformer South
Africans expected him to be, adding he did not have the necessary guts to make
tough choices needed by the country nor brave enough to keep the ANC's allies
at bay.  "That's why, instead of a new dawn, there's a new
despair," continued Steenhuisen who said Ramaphosa lacked the courage to
deal decisively with corruption.  He even questioned the presence of former eThekwini mayor
Zandile Gumede who is currently facing numerous charges of corruption. While you were telling us how you've acted decisively
against state capture, the beneficiaries of state capture, some of them chairs
of portfolio committees, sat in these very benches," remarked Steenhuisen.  He told the National Assembly the DA had recently learned
from a document sent from Parliament to the committee on public service that
there would be no arrests or prosecutions this year.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/steenhuisen-instead-of-a-new-dawn-we-have-new-despair-20200218