ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer is not putting any pressure on his players and raising expectation of winning the Absa Premiership title. Instead the German coach’s immediate goal is beating arch rivals and Absa Premiership leaders Kaizer Chiefs in their top of the table Soweto derby at the FNB Stadium on 29 February, their next fixture. Zinnbauer has been a revelation since he joined the sinking Pirates ship in December. He has guided Bucs out of troubled waters and Sunday’s fortunate 1-0 win over Black Leopards at the Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday saw the Buccaneers jump to second spot on the table with 39 points – six points behind Amakhosi who have a match in hand. Zinnbauer is unbeaten in his eight league matches since he took charge, joining a list of top Pirates coaches who have rewritten the club’s history books, going six matches on the trot without defeat. And that has lifted the spirits and performance of his team, who are now within touching distance of Chiefs. He has also raised the fans’ hopes of pipping their rivals for the coveted Premiership crown. But stressed Zinnbauer: “We are not thinking about winning the PSL title but winning the Chiefs game. “Our aim now is to give a good performance and fight for the three points (against Chiefs). We want to see our fans happy. We are not under any pressure like Chiefs who lost at the weekend.” Chiefs were stunned 2-1 at the FNB Stadium by Maritzburg United. Added the German born mentor: “There are still lots of points to fight for before the season ends. We have played more games than Chiefs, Mamelodi Sundowns and Wits. So we are focused on Chiefs and not the title.” On their win over Lidoda Duvha, the 49-year-old admitted that his team were lucky after they won by an own-goal by Leopards midfielder Thabiso Mokoena in injury time. “Leopards gave us a tough match and thanks to (goalkeeper) Wayne Sandilands for the good game he had,” Zinnbauer explained. “But to be honest, I think we were lucky to get the three points from this game. But if you work hard you will get luck. The weather was very hot and it was difficult for us to play our normal game.”