Aries (Mar 20 - Apr 19) Health: A healthier lifestyle becomes more important, as you find the stresses of life impacting on you physically and mentally. Self: If you fear change you will have difficulty making progress, as progress is based on change. Mind: Prepare yourself mentally by thinking about a positive change that you’ve made in the past. Taurus (Apr 20 - May 20) Love: Love without passion is pointless to you, so don’t go ahead with something that you don’t want. Self: There might be some problems from the past that keep recurring. Find practical solutions. Mind: Decide whether you feel like a drawn out battle or a smaller quicker victory. Gemini (May 21 - Jun 20) Money: It’s the perfect day to have budget discussions with the family. You’re in a position of strength. Life: Keep a strict eye on your personal belongings as you may suffer a loss of something important. Self: You’re not being selfish by wanting more, you’re putting yourself back on the list of priorities. Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul 22) Love: The mind is a powerful thing, but so is memory. Ensure that your memories are correct. Life: A vague recollection of a person from your past is not enough to build a relationship on. Self: Start afresh today. Don’t look backwards or forwards just focus on the present moment. Leo (Jul 23 - Aug 22) Money: Family should come first and that means paying your bills instead of splurging on luxuries. Life: Discipline, determination and ambition will help you to achieve your goals. Self: Even if you don’t get full credit for your achievements right now you can nevertheless be proud of what you have done. Virgo (Aug 23 - Sep 22) Love: Single Virgos can start looking forward to the promise of a rather exciting weekend. Social: Invitations can be put on hold until the last minute. There are a few more exciting ones on their way. Self: Ask your family for their opinion; they have your best interest close to their heart. Libra (Sep 23 - Oct 22) Work: If you’re willing to walk the extra mile you’ll reap the benefits of being paid the extra rand. Self: Everything you do is measured and rewarded. The amount of effort you put in is up to you. Life: Don’t think of work on a grand scale, simplify your routine and everything will fall neatly into place. Scorpio (Oct 23 - Nov 21) Friends: One supportive friend is worth much more than five hundred acquaintances that won’t stand by you. Self: What you need now is loyalty that you can count on. You’ll be surprised at who comes to the party. Money: Stretch the amount available to you by seeking out some bargain buys. Sagittarius (Nov 22 - Dec 21) Work: You might not have been getting everything you deserve. A small bonus will help a lot. Money: You’ve found a solution to a long-term problem that seems so obvious in retrospect. Mind: Don’t you just love the feeling of that ‘eureka’ moment? You’ll have more than one today. Capricorn (Dec 22 - Jan 20) Life: Keeping a journal will help you to get in touch with your emotions. Love: Relationships offer you greater insight into yourself. Take the lessons and use them to gauge your own attitudes. Work: You’re geared for hard work and are ready to take your career to the next level. Aquarius (Jan 21 - Feb 18) Work: A quote or a project you’ve forgotten about suddenly comes off the ground. You’re ecstatic. Self: Success is to be celebrated whether it is big or small; make a point of praising your staff or colleagues. Life: Taking joy in the small things shows that you are preparing to catch bigger fish. Pisces (Feb 19 - Mar 19) Work: If you have two choices, take the one that offers you creative freedom. Self: To know yourself is a key in the lock of a contented life. Be true to your personality. Life: The capacity to dream is the guarantee that life will always be exciting and challenging. 