After capturing the imagination of the world, the Galaxy Z Flip has proven to be an instant best-seller with South Africans. Global sales opened on the 21st of February 2020 and South African performance echoed the same day SOLD OUT success seen in the United States of America, United Kingdom, South Korea and many other markets. This February, also known as the month of love, many of us will experience that special moment of getting a thoughtful gift from a loved one. Others will simply hope to receive an animated red heart in a Whatsapp message. But whether or not you receive those gorgeous flowers delivered at work to an admiring glance, the focus should be on taking care of the person that really deserves love – you.If you do and if you want to make a statement, the Galaxy Z Flip may just be the device that unfolds a whole new love story. It’s technology that will make your life infinitely easier, while creating an impression that no perfectly arranged flower bouquet can create. It’s a bold and stylish device designed to express yourself in a way few things can. Engineered with first-of-its-kind foldable glass, Galaxy Z Flip literally bends the laws of physics and features a 6.7-inch display that folds into a stylish and compact form factor that fits in the palm of your hand. Designed with an innovative Hideaway Hinge and custom-built UX, Galaxy Z Flip provides elegant new ways to capture, share and experience content – all hands-free. From its stylish design to its flexible camera experience, Galaxy Z Flip opens up a new decade of foldable mobile innovation.The Galaxy Z Flip is available in Mirror Purple and Mirror Black. And because love should be taken care of all Galaxy Z Flip customers will receive a FREE Samsung Care+ service plan that will cover 1 free screen replacement over 12 months**.If you need more peace of mind you will be able to purchase the Samsung Care+ Premium plan that will offer accidental damage cover for 2 repairs over 24 months at a price of R999 (Normally R2999*). A repair fee of R1999* will apply to each repair. The Care+ offer must be activated within 30 days from your device purchase**.With Galaxy Z Flip’s unique foldable design and user experience, Samsung has redefined what a mobile device can be, and what it enables consumers to do. Galaxy Z Flip’s compact, stylish design is created for those who see technology as a way to express themselves. And all of the innovations that go into Galaxy Z Flip ensure they can do so. Here are three reasons to love this premium, one-of-a-kind device:Style that Fits in Your Pocket – Designed for ultimate portability, Galaxy Z Flip folds into the size of a wallet, so you can easily fit it in your pocket or bag. When closed, it is a stylish, compact palm-sized device. When opened, its screen size nearly doubles to reveal a stunning 6.7-inch display. With its stylish colour palette, sleek rounded corners and forward fold that closes with a satisfying snap, Galaxy Z Flip is sure to turn heads.Hands-Free Selfie – When Galaxy Z Flip unfolds, it can stay open at virtually any angle, unlocking opportunities for selfies that show more of the world around you and expressive video chats with Google Duo – all hands-free.Game-Changing Camera – Galaxy Z Flip literally stands on its own so that you can capture more, on-the-go, from timed group shots to vivid nighttime content. You can create unique content for your social media feeds from the best angle, hands-free – no tripod needed. Capture stunning Night Hyperlapse videos or vivid low light shots with Night mode – no flash needed. Just open your device and place it on a table. When closed, quickly capture one-handed high-quality selfies using the rear camera without unfolding. You can also enjoy seamless video recording with a 16:9 ratio that’s perfect for uploads to social media platforms. As a Galaxy device, Galaxy Z Flip brings the Galaxy ecosystem into its brand-new foldable experience. It boasts flagship-level performance and features across camera, display, battery, security as well as premium services like Samsung Health, Samsung Pay, Samsung Knox and more. Now that’s a gift to remember.