BLACK LEOPARDS new coach Allan Clark wants to prove to the sceptics that he can do the job. This after Lidoda Duvha boss David Thidiela made a bold move when he appointed him on a permanent basis. The inexperienced Clark replaced Cavin Johnson last week. He started his tenure at Leopards on a high note after winning two consecutive matches, beating Chippa United 2-1 in an Absa Premiership encounter and knocking out ABC Motsepe outfit North West University with a 4-0 victory in the Nedbank Cup. In those two matches, Clark was an interim coach. And today, the relegation-haunted Leopards host high-flying Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in a league showdown at Thohoyandou Stadium (3.30pm). Said Clark: “I know this is a big test for me as a young coach. But one thing I’m positive about is I’ll prove many people wrong. “I’m lucky to be given this job with the quality team we have. I’m sure the chairperson won’t regret the decision. We started out well and will continue with that form.” Victory for Leopards today will go a long way for Clark to Leopards fans. But the former AmaZulu and Golden Arrows assistant coach admitted Pirates were not at the same level as Chippa and minnows NWU. “This is a big game for us as a young technical team. Pirates are one of the big teams in the country and they’ve been doing well since their new coach Josef Zinnbauer arrived. But playing against a big team is motivation to the players. The good thing is that confidence in our camp is high and our aim is to give it our best. “Hopefully, we’ll be the team to end Pirates’ good run.” “It won’t be easy game but we have to believe in ourselves. If we are to move from relegation we have to win at home all the time.” Clark also dismissed suggestions that Pirates hot striker Gabadinho Mhango is their main target. The Malawian international is the current PSL leadinggoal-scorer with 14 goals and has been lethal under Josef Zinnbauer. “This game is not about one player to us. It’s true Gabadinho has been doing well lately. But we can’t focus on him alone,” Clark said.We are going to this clash with positive minds and to play our game against Pirates.”