TS Galaxy coach Dan “Dance” Malesela can hardly wait to come up against his former team Chippa United in the first round of the Nedbank Cup. Malesela will take his Galaxy outfit to a place he knows like the back of his hand, the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm), as his side begin the defence of the Ke Yona Cup. He will be returning to his old stomping ground for the first time since he was fired by trigger-happy Chilli Boys chairman, Siviwe Mpengesi, earlier last season. He had two spells at the Port Elizabeth-based outfit which did not end well for him, however, he insists that there are no hard feelings. Malesela expects a warm welcome from the majority of the Chippa fans, who adored him during his time with the club. “It feels good going back there,” admitted Malesela. “I know the place in and out. I know the stadium, so it feels good. It is also interesting. “People were wishing that we could play Chippa in the final last season but that did not happen because they did not make it. At the time, I said it would be interesting to face Chippa, that’s is still how I feel. “As far as the reception is concerned, I expect it to be good. To be honest, the supporters in Port Elizabeth have always been behind me. “Never at any time did I feel unwanted there. When I left, I know a number of them cried and they were so disgruntled, so I’m expecting a half and half kind of a situation. “They will be happy to see me, but they won’t know who to support because they love their team as well.” Malesela, who shocked the country with his Rockets side last season by winning the Ke Yona Cup, believes it will be harder for his team in this year’s competition because other teams now know what to expect. He believes their opponents come more determined to beat the Nedbank Cup holders, something that has contributed to their struggles in the GladAfrica Championship where they lie in 12th place on the table. “The challenge we have is that we are conceding a lot of goals at the moment,” added Malesela while glancing at the direction of goalkeeper Ludwe Mpakumpaku. “But the biggest challenge right now is that we are beaten by determination. “A lot of teams come with serious determination and if we don’t play beyond that determination then it will always be difficult.”