THE ink on actors’ contracts has barely dried up, yet thebehind-the-scenes drama on the set of the new drama series, The Omen, is worthy of a South African Film and TV Awards prize. The Mzansi Magic production that started shooting in mid-January is already embroiled in a non-payment scandal. And actors such as Lesley Musina, Mamarumo Morakane and Ayanda Bandla, among others, weren’t paid on time. This after M-Net, who commissioned the show, allegedly shifted the goalposts in the middle of production. Producer David Mukwevho accused the channel of unfair play, saying The Omen’s financial woes were the result of M-Net’s conduct. Explained David: “M-Net created the problem for us when they changed the script in the middle of production. “They issued an instruction of changing The Omen from being a Venda series to Sepedi while we were on the ninth episode, citing that XiVenda was a minority language. “As a result, costs ballooned because we had to change locations, get new actors and get rid of the ones we had orginally.” David also used the opportunity to quash the negative gossip doing the rounds. He denied allegations that Magic Drum Films (the production company responsible for The Omen and at which he’s one of three directors) had embezzled funds from the show. Insisted David: “We can account for all the money spent. As producers, we couldn’t compromise the quality of the production by cutting costs. “Can you understand the logistics of changing scriptwriters, casting agency, catering and location, among other things? “We couldn’t cut corners and cheat viewers. The Omen is doing well because of the calibre of actors and quality of the show.” The producer, whose company was formed in 2018, said he knew there’d be budgetary constraints. This because things were more expensive in Gauteng than in Venda, where The Omen was originally shot. “The initial budget we were allocated was enough for Venda, but as soon as we moved to Jozi, it was a different dynamic,” he said. “Jozi’s standard of living is way too high than Venda’s.” The drama is being shot in three locations, including a house in Ruimsig, west of Joburg, the old Park Station (Newtown) and in The Vaal. “All those venues don’t come cheap.” David said he had to take 10 cast members to M-Net’s offices. This to prove to them that the drying up of his cash wells weren’t his fault. “After running out of cash, we were forced to stop shooting on 17 January because the actors and crew downed tools,” he said. “The story had a happy ending because M-Net paid us an extra R2,8 million, so the production could resume. “I can confirm we got back to the grind on Monday and have been working with Tshedza Pictures as supervising producers to finish the remaining episodes.” MultiChoice spokesperson Philly Kubheka said: “MultiChoice is aware of the challenges faced by the producers of The Omen . . . “While MultiChoice can’t be held responsible for the actions of independent production companies, the group has taken note of the gravity of the situation. “It has taken action to ensure the cast and crew aren’t disadvantaged by the actions of the independent production company, Magic Drum Films. “In response to the challenges,M-Net has appointed an alternative production company to complete the production of the 13-episode series timeously and without any further scheduling delays . . . “To this extent, the bulk of the verified payments have been honoured and further processing of claims is ongoing . . . ”