Lesotho police on Tuesday charged first lady Maesaiah
Thabane with murder for her alleged links to the brutal 2017 killing of the
prime minister's previous wife.  Maesaiah Thabane, 42, will spend the night in custody after
she came out of hiding and turned herself in to the police earlier on Tuesday.  "She has been charged with murder alongside eight
others who are in Lesotho and South Africa," deputy police commissioner
Paseka Mokete told reporters, adding that investigations had been
"satisfactorily completed".  He said police had a "strong case" against the
first lady, who was unable to appear in court on Tuesday due to logistical
reasons.  She went missing last month after being summoned as part of
an investigation into the killing of Lipolelo Thabane - Prime Minister Thomas
Thabane's estranged wife.  The couple was involved in bitter divorce proceedings when
she was gunned down outside her home in Lesotho's capital Maseru in June 2017,
two days before her husband's inauguration.  Also Read: Lesotho PM's wife turns herself in for
questioning over murder  New evidence surfaced in early January, when a letter from
Lesotho's police chief was made public alleging that communication records from
the day of the crime picked up the prime minister's mobile number.  Thomas Thabane, who is now 80, has since bowed to pressure
and offered to resign at a date not yet disclosed. He has also been questioned
by the police over the killing.  But his current wife vanished when the police called her in
to testify last month, prompting the issuing of an arrest warrant.  The murder of 58-year-old Lipolelo Thabane sent shock waves
through the tiny mountain kingdom, which is ringed by South Africa and has a
long history of political turmoil.  Senior members of the ruling All Basotho Convention (ABC)
party have accused the prime minister of hampering investigations into the
killing.   Thabane last month said he would leave office on the grounds
of old age but gave no time frame for his departure.  Hundreds of opposition supporters marched through the
streets of Maseru on the day the prime minister was quizzed by police,
demanding he step down with immediate effect.  Maesaiah Thabane was picked up on the border with South
Africa following an arrangement between her lawyer and the police.  https://www.news24.com/Africa/News/lesotho-first-lady-charged-with-killing-pms-ex-wife-20200204