A 20-year-old KwaZulu-Natal woman was repeatedly raped and
then murdered over the weekend, allegedly by her cousin and a neighbour.  Nomvula "Juba" Buthelezi was allegedly attacked by
the men at her homestead in Mashesheleng in Nquthu, MEC for Social Development
Nonhlanhla Khoza said on Tuesday.  "We are extremely disturbed and disheartened by the
rape and murder of a young woman. It's alleged that the attack occurred on
Saturday night when she had just arrived back home from the nearby shop.  "The perpetrators allegedly gagged Nomvula before
dragging her to another house within the homestead where she was repeatedly
raped [before being] strangled to death."  The MEC said she was "shocked" to learn that one
of the alleged perpetrators was the victim's cousin.  "The mother of this young lady had assumed that she was
with her aunt when she did not see her on Saturday night."   Police spokesperson Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that
Nquthu police were investigating a case of murder.  "[She] was found half naked inside the house. The
post-mortem will determine the cause of death."  Khoza said Buthelezi's body was discovered by family members
in one of the houses in the homestead.  "It was covered in a blanket allegedly to give the
impression that the person underneath it was asleep. The alleged perpetrator,
the cousin, was arrested by police on Sunday while the neighbour was arrested
on Monday.   She added that the two men knew Buthelezi well.  "Considering that one of them is her cousin who lived
in the same homestead as her, there is very good reason to believe that she
trusted him. These are the men who were supposed to protect her but they are
the ones who violated her.  Khoza added: "Such incidents demonstrate that we are
indeed a sick society. In calling for justice for Nomvula, we want to see these
vicious predators rot in prison."  She said a team of social workers were dispatched to the
Buthelezi family to "provide psycho-social support following the horrible
incident".  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/young-kzn-woman-repeatedly-raped-then-murdered-allegedly-by-cousin-20200225