Aries (Mar 20 -
Apr 19) Self: You’re
distracted from daily tasks by an intense need to gossip and socialise. Indulge
yourself. Social: Humans
need other humans, and if making friends is what you need today then go with
the feeling. Mind: Just make
notes about the tasks that you’ve neglected so that you know where to begin
again. Taurus (Apr 20
- May 20) Work: The
undercurrent that is creating a difficult atmosphere is more pronounced today. Life: If there
are grievances by the staff why shouldn’t you be the first to speak up? Self: Don’t be
afraid to stand out as a leader and to take the first steps towards positive
change. Gemini (May 21
- Jun 20) Friends: You’re playing a dangerous game if you’re getting involved in a friends’ love triangle.Self: You know the rules of friendship and you know the rules of love. Don’t overstep the boundaries.Life: Everything you do has a consequence so think about the result before you take action. Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul
22) Work: An old mistake
comes back to haunt you. It would be helpful to remind everyone that it is in
the past. Self: How do you start
afresh if nobody is willing to give you a second chance? Create your own
chance! Life: Often people with
fewer opportunities achieve greater success because they have more
determination. Leo (Jul 23 -
Aug 22) Self: Don’t
believe everything your old friends tell you; they are too much on your side to
see the truth. Life: There is
none as blind as the man that refuses to see his own mistakes. Mind: Admit the
choices that you’ve made are wrong and then make new ones that compensate for
them. Virgo (Aug 23 -
Sep 22) Life: Just
because things were a certain way doesn’t mean they always have to be the same
way! Love: Be open
to suggestions of making a few changes; new ideas breathe life into the
relationship.  Self:
Stubbornness is equivalent to foolishness. Don’t cut off your nose to spite
your face.   Libra
(Sep 23-Oct 22)  Love:
Yesterday your lover disliked your friends, today it’s your work and your past.
What’s next?  Life:
It’s best to discuss all the problems in one sitting and all the solutions in a
separate one.  Self:
If you need time to think of a response then request it. Don’t answer questions
under pressure.   Scorpio (Oct 23
- Nov 21)  Love: You
believe that your choice of mate is your own but are you willing to live in
conflict with your family?  Family: Whether
you agree with it or not they will raise their opinion on your choices in love.  Self: Are you
making your choices in love because of true love or because of rebellion?   Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21)  Luck: If you’re
going to take a chance do it with your own gut feeling not on a tip off from a
friend.  Self: You’re
taking a strange amount of comfort from maintaining an almost boring routine.  Life: Rhythm is
good for the soul and by doing similar things at similar times each day you
recreate rhythm.   Capricorn (Dec
22 - Jan 20)  Money: Worrying
about paying a bill will not get the account settled. Make an arrangement with
the creditor.  Self: Practical
talents are your biggest strength. If you need more money you need to work
more.  Mind:
Considering a part-time job or a second income of some sorts is never a bad
idea.   Aquarius (Jan
21 - Feb 18)  Love: A
partner’s issues may affect you if he or she needs to deal with a situation
from the past.  Life: You may
not be happy about the activities of a good friend. Stand back and allow others
to make their own mistakes.Love: Love continues to grow and you may decide to deepen a relationship
through an engagement or marriage. Pisces (Feb 19
- Mar 19) Life: To
predict somebody’s future behaviour look at their past. Leopards don’t change
their spots. Self: It is a
grave mistake to always give others the benefit of the doubt. Eventually they
will take advantage. Mind: Consider
the facts of a situation instead of going by feelings so that you can get a
crystal clear picture. 