Television presenter and choreographer Bontle Modiselle has advised young women who are planning to fall pregnant to brace themselves. The talented dancer took to Instagram and talked about her pregnancy revealing she made sure she danced her way through it. “I know my pregnancy journey looked easy. My approach was deliberate. Intentional! I made certain to dance my way through it,” she said. Brace yourself. || I know my pregnancy journey looked easy. My approach was deliberate. Intentional! I made certain to dance my way through it. To have someone inspired to see and feel pregnancy differently was a goal. However, my difficulties never made it to the socials. Some day, I’ll fill you in on the insecurities, the psychological, emotional, physical and spiritual hurdles I went through following the two miscarriages I had before the successful birth of my baby Afrika. I’ll speak openly about the fears that challenged me and had me asking myself if I would ever be woman enough to create and carry life through. But for now, I want to remain and bask in the glory of not being a victim of what once hurt me immensely but being the victor of the mommy I am. Talk about God’s will being done in God’s perfect time. So....Bring on the swelling, discoloration, the stretch marks, soft spots & cellulite. I’m not immune. Let me have a field day with the sleepless nights, the countless nappy changes and random cries trying to figure out what she needs. Let me fall in love with the newer imperfections my body has inherited. These are the vain concerns I’d trade in any day for my baby, who I now get to stare at, hold, kiss and love unconditionally. This image is Day 10 of my post-partum and we still take it a day at a time...with greater intent. The approach remains the same - go into each day with courage, with love, resilience and knowing that I am able! I will continue to dance through it all. New mommies, despite your difficulties, I encourage you to do the same - simply because WE ARE ABLE! ?? A post shared by  Bontle Ba Afrika Moloi (@bontle.modiselle) on Nov 29, 2019 at 4:47am PST  Bontle, who made pregnancy looked like a walk in the park, said that to have inspired someone to see pregnancy differently was her goal. But she also revealed she experienced difficulties during her pregnancy, which never spoke about o  social media. She said in the past she went through two miscarriages before the successful birth of her baby, Afrika, last year. “I’ll speak openly about the fears that challenged me and had me asking myself if I would ever be woman enough to create and carry life through. But for now, I want to remain and bask in the glory of not being a victim of what once hurt me immensely, but being the victor of the mommy I am. “So....Bring on the swelling, discoloration, the stretch marks, soft spots & cellulite. I’m not immune. Let me have a field day with the sleepless nights, the countless nappy changes and random cries trying to figure out what she needs,” she wrote. Bontle says that she has fallen in love with the imperfections her body has inherited "These are the vain concerns I’d trade in any day for my baby, who I now get to stare at, hold, kiss and love unconditionally." SEE POSTS BELOW: Younger by the day...?? A post shared by  Bontle Ba Afrika Moloi (@bontle.modiselle) on Jan 28, 2020 at 3:06am PST On this here Woman-Crushing-Baby-Weight-Wednesday ???? A post shared by  Bontle Ba Afrika Moloi (@bontle.modiselle) on Feb 12, 2020 at 8:17am PST  