Aries (Mar 20 -
Apr 19) Self: By hiding
your emotions you achieve little but frustration and irritation. It’s better to
discuss issues. Mind: You must
think of life in the bigger picture and the longer term; don’t consider today
only. Life: Believe
that everything in life has a reason and that every challenge that presents
itself can be overcome. Taurus (Apr 20
- May 20) Money: Financially
family and friends have assisted you and you have assisted them in the past. Life: It is
time for everyone to become independent and look after their own pocket. Self: You
shouldn’t have to explain your views if they are based on logic and common
sense. Gemini (May 21
- Jun 20) Work: The way to achieve more in a day is to find a way to work with others instead of against them.Life: It is surprising how much a friendly request can achieve versus a demand.Friends: People will judge you by the friends you choose. That’s a fact of life; so keep good company. Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul
22) Work: You don’t agree
with instructions that are issued from the top. Are you going to do as you’re
told? Life: Is there a way to
carry out orders and still stay within your own personal integrity? Self: Unhappiness in
one area of life spills over to the next; try to separate emotional issues. Leo (Jul 23 -
Aug 22) Money: The more
you think the more you can save. The secret is not to spend impulsively. Self: Feeling
trapped? Perhaps it’s a figment of your imagination and you just cannot see the
escape route? Mind: Often
your mind turns in so many circles from stress that you get lost in a certain
path. Virgo (Aug 23 -
Sep 22) Self:
Blaming other people for your circumstances achieves nothing except bitterness
and cynicism. Mind:
Decide which things in your life need to be changed and how they need to be
changed. Life:
Ultimately the responsibility of your happiness is your own. So, take the
initiative that is needed. Libra
(Sep 23-Oct 22) Friends:
There might be a conflict between your lover and one of your friends. You
believe it’s their business. Love:
Anything that affects your relationship affects you so you cannot stay neutral
or unbiased. Self:
A definite decision is what you’ll have to make. You can’t keep avoiding
commitment. Scorpio (Oct 23
- Nov 21) Health: If
you’re not a medical doctor why do you take risks by making your own health
diagnosis? Self: Be
level-headed and ask an expert opinion on the problem that needs to be solved. Mind: There is
nothing wrong with questioning, but don’t question something if you don’t have
facts. Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21) Love: There are
times when love is not enough. There are people that you can only love from a
distance. Life: If your
daily life together is incompatible then you’ll have to find alternatives to
your problems. Self: What you
need to do is make a list of your objections before you discuss them. Then
stick to the point! Capricorn (Dec
22 - Jan 20) Home: It
appears that your family is concerned about your recent behavioural change.
Should they be? Family: Don’t ignore
their advice. They might be seeing something that you’ve missed completely. Self: Take
comfort in the thought that people care deeply for you, don’t consider concern
to be interference. Aquarius (Jan
21 - Feb 18) Love: With you
it’s always a matter of friendship before love. Can you make a space for some
romance too? Money: Your
dreams might be a bit big to achieve in such a short time. It is okay to take
baby steps. Self: Patience
is a virtue which perhaps you should pay more attention and nurturance to. Pisces (Feb 19
- Mar 19) Love: Think
carefully before you make a sarcastic comment about money. Does money really
matter? Self: Remember
that once words are spoken they are impossible to retract. Even ‘sorry’ won’t
help. Life: If you
take care of the little things daily, most of the big things will become little
things too.