THE 36-year-old mum organised a cleansing for her son (15), who caused chaos at Vulamehlo Senior Primary last week. “I know about the allegations against him and admit he is also a problem in the community,” she told Daily Sun from her home in Vlaklaagte near KwaMhlanga, Mpumalanga, on Tuesday. “A sangoma said there is a dark cloud hanging over my son, who seems to be cursed,” said the sobbing woman. Parents locked the school and called for the boy to be dismissed last week.The mum, who works in Gauteng, came back after she was told about her son’s actions. Daily Sun published the story with allegations that the boy carried a knife to school and forced girls to kiss him, as well as peeing and spitting in a Jojo tank children drank water from. He also allegedly played porn movies on his cellphone and groped female teachers. The mum said he lived with his gogo and she only saw him every fortnight or month end. After the family held a private ritual, she believed more rituals should be done at the house of his late father. “I hope this will make him a better person,” she said. “He went back to school on Wednesday. Things have calmed for now,” she said. She said his anger stemmed from being rejected by his madala after his father died six years ago.  The mum said the principal would call her when there was trouble and she would attend to it. She said he started being chaotic at school since 2018. “I attended all meetings with the principal whenever I was called. I did not attend the protest because the department told me they’d deal with the problem. That is why I have kept quiet,” she said.  Education spokesman Gerald Sambo said learning and teaching was back to normal at the school. He said the boy would be subjected to a disciplinary hearing in line with the South African Schools Act. “As soon as the committee has finalised the processes, written recommendations will be forwarded to the head of department who will come to a final conclusion, guided by the recommendations from the disciplinary committee.” He said the boy was back in class and the principal and SGB were watching the situation closely.