SUPERSPORT United are set to unleash assassin Guily Manziba on Bidvest Wits this weekend, looking to arrest a three-match winless streak and keep up with the league title-chasing pack. Manziba joined Matsatsantsa from Zambian side Zanaco earlier this month. But he had to wait a bit longer for his debut, owing to the finalization of his contract. The DR Congo striker, however, comes at the time when United need firepower to see off Wits at Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow (8.15pm). “Aubrey Modiba is coming from injury. Manziba, our new signing, is also available and so we are hoping that with the break we had this week, we’ll manage to get a result against Wits,” said United coach Kaitano Tembo. “We know we are facing a good team, coming off a great win against Chippa United. They have an advantage. They have a number of catch-up games to play. But at the same they have to play and win those games.” Matsatsantsa sit in fourth spot with 34 points, 11 adrift of log leaders Kaizer Chiefs, with eight games left. But Tembo is not ruling out his team from the title race. “Every team still has an opportunity, if you look at the first up to the fifth,” he explained. “All you need is a bit of consistency, maybe win in the next four games. A lot of those teams in the top five still have to play each other. “We still have to play Pirates and Wits. Wits have to play Chiefs and Pirates. Sundowns still have to play Chiefs and Pirates. So, points are going to be dropped along the way. “I think in the last two games, that’s when you’ll start seeing who is winning the league.” United have consistently challenged for the league honours in recent years. But their efforts have continuously been undermined by their tendency to drop points against lowly sides. Tembo added: “It’s frustrating to be dropping points in games we feel we could have done better, especially when we play well. “But there are eight games to go. That’s 12 points still to play for. We haven’t done we’ll, including in the Nedbank Cup where he lost to Sundowns. We’ve lost two games in the league. It’s unlike us.”