KAIZER Chiefs' well-known supporter Machaka and Orlando Pirates' familiar face "Makhalanjalo" weighed in on the upcoming Soweto derby between the Buccaneers and Amakhosi. Masilo Machaka is one of most recognised supporters in the country. He does not only follow Chiefs, but he is a fan of all Mzansi national teams well. Born in Limpopo, Machaka says that he is in Porty Elizabeth supporting the Proteas in their cricket match against Australia and then he will travel back to Gauteng for the biggest match in SA sports calnder. Said Machaka: "We are still hurt by what happened in our last two matches and we still do not have appetite and cannot eat. We can lose to Maritzburg United or Highlands Park but we cannot lose to Pirates. But if you know the history of the derby, the team that goes into the match having lost their previous game - it's the team that wins the derby. "Makhalanjalo" is my friend but on Saturday we are not speaking to each other. I will see him after the game. This is big chance for the players to grab the opportunity, you do not need a coach to play the derby, it's a big occasion for the players to show they deserve to wear the black and white jersey. Pirates are going to lose and their new coach Josef Zinnbauer will know about Amakhosi," said Machaka. His counterpart, Makhalanjalo, real name Charles Fantisi, says that Chiefs are in trouble because the points gap has been reduced big time. Said Makhalanjalo: "Chiefs are very tired and under a lot of pressure. They once led us with 17 points and now it's only six points. If we beat them on Saturday, then we also beat Golden Arrows, Mamelodi Sundowns, then we will be on top of the log table. We know how Chiefs play and we have a strategy for them. I hope they will not resort to rough tactics like they did in Durban and also at the FNB Stadium in our last two matches. We do not want fights on the pitch like when their players attacked Thembinkosi Lorch. We have a lot of good players and Chiefs are going to be chasing shadows for the whole 90 minutes."   