   Death
continues to haunt the Gauteng Department of Education. On
Thursday, a 14 -year-old learner was stabbed to death by another learner. It is
alleged that the boy was stabbed after school near his home. Both
learners are from Freedom Park Secondary School and are both in Grade 10. Reports
said that the suspected leaner is on the run and police are investigating
circumstances surrounding the matter. Meanwhile,
12 learners from Lofentse Girls school in Orlando Soweto are under observation
at Chris Hani Baragwanath hospital. The girls
were hospitalised after eating poisoned cakes on Thursday. About 39
learners from the school were rushed to Bheki Mlangeni hospital and Chris Hani
Baragwanath hospital. They were
taken to hospitals after they complained about stomach pains while others were
vomiting. They were
then transported to hospitals where they were seen and later discharged. Ten
learners were treated at the Bheki Mlangeni hospital, while 29 were attended to
at the Chris Hani Baragwanath hospital. Eight
learners were discharged from Bheki Mlangeni while one was transferred to Chris
Hani Baragwanath hospital. Other
leaners were discharged from the hospital and only 12 remained. “We wish
them a speedy recovery and hope they will resume with their studies soonest,”
said Gauteng Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi. He said he
wishes to inform with a heavy heart the untimely death of a 14 -year- old boy -learner
from Freedom Park Secondary School. “We take this time to send our heartfelt
condolences to the family, friends and the school community, during this time
of grief. No words are enough to express our sorrow at the loss of a child. We
hope that the family will find comfort in the knowledge that we too share their
loss,” he said. “We
strongly condemn any acts of learner misconduct and relentlessly appeal to
parents in assisting to enforce discipline in and outside the school
environment.” In another incident,
a shocking assault video from Modiri Secondary School has since gone viral Panyaza
said that she is shocked to witness an assault by an educator from the school. The teacher
is seen in video footage assaulting a learner badly in a classroom. “We have
sent our officials at school to investigate circumstances surrounding this sad
incident and as such necessary decisive action will be taken accordingly. “I am
horrified by the images on the video footage and would like to remind all
teachers that corporal punishment is outlawed by the Constitution and the South
African Schools Act. Educators have been trained in alternative methods of
discipline which ought to be applied in schools,” said MEC Lesufi He said
corporal punishment is outlawed at schools. “The
department notes that Section 10 of the South African Schools Act 84 of 1996
prohibits corporal punishment. We view these in a serious light. We wish to
remind educators that they will face disciplinary action if they continue to
administer corporal punishment,” said Panyaza.   