ZANDIE Khumalo is planning  a meeting so the family can knock sense into the head of her sister Kelly, just before filing a restraining order! On Tuesday, Zandie claimed on Instagram her interview on Real Goboza was ambushed. Her statement, which she later deleted, read: “Hhaybo guys so my sister KK gatecrashed my RGB interview where me and Lindani were promoting our song Akwanele today. MY WIFE HATES MY WIFE! “Sydney Mekgwe her friend and RGB producer planned an ambush that she will come in while I’m busy with my interview.” Her manager and husband, Mhlo Gumede, said: “Zandie wants to speak to the family, especially their mother, before filing a restraining order. She feels their mother and the elders of the family might be able to speak sense to Kelly. Once this meeting is held, then she will file the order.” He told Daily Sun Zandie didn’t hate Kelly but the fight exhausted her emotionally. BRA VAN MEI POKES MY MUM! According to Mhlo, Zandie has done everything to avoid her sister, but Kelly kept fighting and threatening her. “My wife still wants a relationship with her sister but Kelly seems unstable at the moment. Kelly knows how to act in front of the public. Whenever she’s confronted, she plays victim but behind closed doors, she bullies Zandie. The fight between the sisters started earlier this month. Zandie even posted a statement claiming to be divorcing her sister. Asked if this was a publicity stunt and if they will ever work together again, she said: “I want the public to know I don’t hate Kelly. This is not a publicity stunt and I meant what I wrote. I’m not sure if I’ll ever work with Kelly again.” SJAVA HELPS BOOST STUDENT'S BUSINESS! Urban Brew head of sales and marketing, Lulama Mqina, said they appreciated that there was interest in Zandie’s alleged comments about her Real Goboza interview, but they couldn’t answer questions. “As a company we support the values of respect, fairness and professionalism.” At the time of going to print, Kelly was not available for comment.