TODAY marks 30 years since former president Nelson Mandela was released from prison. When he was still in prison, Madiba became a powerful symbol of the anti-apartheid movement, with organisations from around the world demanding his release. READ: PASTOR: I DON’T FART, I HEAL! He was finally released on 11 February 1990. Residents of Orlando West in Soweto, where Mandela lived from 1946 to 1962, have fond memories of him. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. MZANSI REMEBERS MADIBA 2 The day Nelson Mandela walked free. They told Daily Sun Mandela brought change to many people’s lives. “We wouldn’t be where we are if it wasn’t for him,” said madala Herbert Ndumo (79), who lives a street away from where Mandela lived. He said things were very tough before Mandela was released from prison. “You would be beaten and arrested for nothing. We were never free to do what we liked with our lives,” he said. Madala Herbert said Mandela was their hope when he was still in jail. He said everyone wanted to see him when he was released. “I couldn’t come close to him because there were too many people, but I saw him. “It was the best moment ever. Everyone was singing the same tune. We knew freedom had arrived,” he said. Mbuyiselo Ndumo (45) said: “To me, he was like Moses who took the children of Israel out of Egypt. He took us out of a sad situations and brought us to a better place.”  Zandile Mahlaba (44) lives six houses away from the Mandela house in Vilakazi Street. She said she was still young when Mandela came back from prison.  “I was still at school. We heard he’d be at Orlando Stadium and we went there as a group of girls. We found he’d gone home to Orlando West and rushed there. The streets were packed and there was no space to move,” she said. But Zandile didn’t see him that day. READ: STUDENT HITS R5BN NSFAS 'JACKPOT'! “We only saw him on TV, even though he was a neighbour. Tata will always be in our hearts and minds. Whenever I think of him, I think of a hero,” said Zandile. She said because of the freedom Mandela brought, they were able to start businesses. Zandile owns Ndiza Craft Market in Vilakazi Street. She sells clothes and souvenirs. But an 81-year-old gogo from Orlando West said she was disappointed by the lack of service delivery by the government.