 THE soccer star claims
he never belonged to any cult or secret society. But he did poke
virgins to gain wealth and fame. THIS WAS THE ADMISSION
BY FORMER SUPER EAGLES AND MOROKA SWALLOWS GOALKEEPER IDAH PETERSIDE, WHO IS
NOW A BISHOP. Peterside was responding
to allegations of initiating virgins into occultism. This after a number of
Nigerian publications claimed earlier this month that he confessed on a Lagos
radio station that he was part of a cult. Peterside allegedly
said every woman he poked was initiated through the spilling of blood when he
had sex with them. These allegations have
followed Peterside for years, with several Nigerian publications reporting on
them from as far back as 2015. Last week, Peterside,
who is a bishop at Christ Ambassadors Church in Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni
conducted an exclusive interview with Atv Channel, where his church service is
live streamed. But the interview, which was posted on the channel and YouTube
last Thursday, came after Daily Sun contacted Peterside to set the
record straight about the alleged radio confession he made in Lagos. After promising to
reveal all to the People’s Paper, he later declined to talk to the paper and
referred it to the Atv interview. In the interview,
Peterside said he slept with virgins out of his own desire, adding he was under
some form of demonic influence. “I had a dislike for
normal women. I just had a preference and that was virgin women,” he said. “I never went to any
secret cult. I was just living in sin. There were demonic influences
manipulating me to do things that I did,” said Peterside, who insisted he is
now a man of God. He said he was raised
by parents who were pastors but as a youngster, he was driven by the desire to
succeed and be famous in sport. Peterside said he one
day saw a python before a match and his life changed. “As I was about to get
into the toilet I saw a python, a big massive snake. It was looking directly at
me. I felt something had entered me and I shivered and ran back. “From then on, my life
changed. I got excited about the things of the world and started following
women,” said Peterside. He said he was
tormented by voices for almost 10 years, telling him he’d have money and fame
if he slept with a lot of virgins. “I knew something
wasn’t right with me. It was odd. When I heard about a woman being pure, I
wanted to go there. I wasn’t attracted to women who are said to be loose. It
continued for years. “I felt that the more
I obeyed that voice, I will have money and become famous, but the money and
fame wasn’t coming the way I expected,” he said. Peterside said he
changed his life when the very same voice started threatening to kill him. He said he gave his
life to God and never looked back. His said his church
has grown and has more than 2 000 congregants. In 2018, Sunday
World reported that a 21-year-old woman from his church was found in one
of Peterside’s properties after her disappearance for five months. The publication said
her mother was looking for her and told the paper she had received odd calls
from her daughter that she was placed in a house with five other young women,
but they were not allowed to be in contact with their families. The paper reported how
the police raided his property and rescued the woman. According to the
paper, in his response, Peterside said the police later called him to apologise
as they found out that the woman in question was lying. Peterside recently
released a book titled: Divine Encounter with the Supernatural. In the book, he goes
into details of his encounters with forces that can’t be seen by the human eye.  