SOWETO Derby fever has captured Mzansi. This as the biggest match in the local football calendar, also known as the "El Kasico" is edging closer. Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates will renew their rivalry in the latest installment of the derby. The much anticipated match will take place at the iconic FNB Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). The two sides are seperated by six points on the standings, making this weekend's clash even more interesting. But guessing which team will come out victorous, is a near impossible task. Instead, SunSport will look at the player most likely to have a big impact on the match. Gabadinho Mhango.  Arguably the hottest player in the league at the moment, the Malawian is expected to play a key role this weekend. The Bucs forward is currently the league's top scorer with 14 goals and few will bet against him getting on the scoresheet again on Saturday. He has already tormented Chiefs this season, getting on the scoresheet in the last two derbies. Luvuyo Memela  Just like Mhango, Memela has played a key role in Pirates' revival in the league. He has started seven games in all competitions under Josef Zinnbauer and has provided six assists. He also has a knack for bringing his A game in big ocassions. And as far as big occasions are concerned, they rerely come bigger than the Soweto derby. Samir Nurkovic  The Serbian has been a revelation for Amakhosi this season. He is currently the club's top scorer with 12 goals in all competitions with 11 of those goals coming in the league. The striker, nicknamed Kokota, has been in top form in recent weeks netting in three of his last four league matches. He is without a doubt Chiefs' biggest goal threat heading into the clash against their biggest rivals. Lebogang Manyama  Manyama is also quietly having an impressive season in the Golden and Black of the mighty Amakhosi. He is finally proving his worth having scored five goals and provided eight assists in the league. He is a key memeber of the Chiefs team with the manner in whch they play suited to his skillset. His pinpoint deliveries into the box as well as his eye for goal make him a danger to any opposition. 