GETTING DIVORCED is a time for great sadness, self-analysis and tears, right? No, it isn’t. Not if you’re Viwe Maliti! TO CELEBRATE HER DIVORCE, VIWE THREW A PARTY OF ALL PARTIES!  Viwe Maliti (38), a mum of two, threw a lavish divorce party in East London in the Eastern Cape. READ: READ DELETED WHATSAPP MESSAGES WITH THIS TRICK “It was nothing more than a celebration of the closing of a door and welcoming the new,” Viwe said. She insisted it was not a “bash my ex-hubby” exercise. “It was a true celebration. The ring tossing and walking backwards up the aisle were the highlights of the event,” she said. About 100 of her closest friends, running buddies and close family attended. She said the event was a gathering to celebrate a new chapter, and some of her friends had been there to celebrate her wedding in 2007. The lavish party was held at the Hermingways Hotel and French champagne flowed freely all night as Viwe’s guests toasted to “happily divorced”. Viwe said she was grateful as some people didn’t make it out of failed marriages alive. “My family didn’t judge me. I never discussed personal details of my marriage with family and friends, but there came a point where I had to open up. The marriage couldn’t be saved.” READ: SOMIZI SENDS HEARTFELT MESSAGE TO MOHALE She said she was blessed with a wonderful father. “He’s one in a million,” she said. She opened up to her father to avoid the hurt he would experience. “I didn’t want to frustrate his relationship with my ex-husband. He learnt of my divorce late in the process. He took care of me as if I were a child.” Viwe is writing a book called The Sun Keeper, which aims to create awareness on destructions that eat away at a healthy marriage. “The book is a beautiful story of love, loss and returning to self. It challenges some of society’s mental frameworks and seeks to create conversations about some not-talked about issues of identity within a marriage,” she said. “I have no doubt that I am exactly where I am meant to be. The Sun rises each day. We all have it in us. Find your Sun.” Viwe has kept family photos and hopes to share them with her kids.