BASEMENT side Polokwane City will be aiming to ease their relegation worries when they face Cape Town City in an Absa Premiership match at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). The Limpopo side are still reeling after being booted out of the Nedbank Cup last 32 round following a 1-0 defeat to neighbours Baroka at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Tuesday. But this time, Polokwane are under immense pressure since they could play in the football wilderness next season if they fail to collect points. Rise and Shine coach Clinton Larsen is aware that only a win could save his job and boost his team’s chances of surviving relegation. Larsen replaced Serbian Zlatko Krmpotic, who was sacked in December last year due to poor results. The 48-year-old Larsen has been in charge of eight league matches. He managed only one win, one draw and suffered six defeats. But his assistant Bernard Molekwa believes Larsen will turn around the corner, starting with The Citizens. “Larsen is a good coach and it is just that we are not scoring goals,” said Molekwa. “Look at the games we have been playing under Larsen, we are creating many chances, but we just can’t put the ball in the back of the net. “We have been working hard at training and I have a feeling that we will have luck starting with Cape Town City.” Larsen is keeping his fingers crossed that his number one shot stopper George Chigova will be fit to play on Sunday. The Zimbabwean international missed City’s 1-0 defeat to rivals Baroka due to injury, with his deputy Cyril Chibwe replacing him. On the other hand, The Citizens are coming to this clash from a shocking 1-0 defeat to struggling GladAfrica Championship side Mbombela United in the Nedbank Cup first round, played at KaNyamazane Stadium last weekend. However, they have been enjoying some good form in their recent league run. Coach Jan Olde Riekerink’s team have collected seven points from three consecutive league matches, winning two and drawing one. Riekerink will be looking on the experience of Kermit Erasmus and Mpho Makola to return to the Mother City with maximum points.