EFF leader in Gauteng Mandisa Mashego has    stared down the barrel of a gun and come out alive! Mashego, according to the case she opened at Bramley Police Station, was threatened by a police officer with a firearm. This during the eviction of Setswetla residents in Alexandra, north of Joburg. Asked for comment, Mashego yesterday told the SunTeam the last time she engaged with police was in September. According to the fighter, she was informed a complaint was laid with the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid). Said Mashego: “I’d also laid a complaint with the public protector but haven’t received a response. “So far, I don’t know anything about where the case is now.” Ipid spokesperson Sontaga Seisa promised to respond to the SunTeam after a written enquiry was sent to him. Public protector spokesperson Oupa Segalwe said he’d find out from investigators and respond to the SunTeam. EFF spokesperson Delisile Ngwenya said the party couldn’t comment on the matter. Police spokesperson Captain Kay Makhubele said the case was under investigation. Insisted Makhubele: “For more information, contact Ipid.” A police statement seen by the SunTeam revealed the provincial chairperson of the second-most popular political party in Mzansi opened a case of pointing with a firearm and attempted murder at the Bradley Police Station in June last year. This after she intervened during an eviction process by the Red Ants and police, requesting to see a court order authorising that action. Read the statement: “The complainant alleged on the above date and time she was at the mentioned scene and crime and she approached a member of SAPS because she wanted him to refered (sic) her to the most senior officer present at the crime scene. . . “She wanted the senior officer to show her a valid eviction court order that gave the Red Ants and SAPS permission to demolish houses belonging to poor residence (sic). “The officer proceeded to take her to the senior officer. “Without any provocation or reason, another SAPS officer rushed toward her and pulled a long barell (sic) gun and pointed her with it and instructed her to stop or else he’d kill her. “His actions prevented her speaking to the senior officer.”