Kaizer Motaung Junior left his Instagram followers thirsty for more of his well-toned abs. This after he posted a half-naked picture of himself with a long post, in which he encouraged his followers to "master their minds and thoughts". Kaizer, who is the son of Kaizer Motaung, the founder of Kaizer Chiefs also doled out some advice to his followers while serving body goals. The 38-year-old former Kaizer Chiefs striker is always giving his followers some inspirational advice and this time was no different. He wrote: "The essence of being an athlete. A wise old soul once said to me, always encourage involvement in sports, at every turn. This is because if a young innocent spirit chooses the path of an athlete, irrespective of what code, he or she is a winner already. They are winners, because now they would have to learn how to master themselves. They will develop the skills needed that will help them in life, business a hard world, because, they would have to overcome and master their mind and spirit, before they engage their body, before they choose an arena. Once they have chosen the path of an athlete they begin to learn what is important. Mastering your mind, your thoughts, is what is important. The rest is the arena for you to show the world the skills that God has blessed you with." The essence of being an athlete. A wise old soul once said to me, always encourage involvement in sports, at every turn. This is because if a young innocent spirit chooses the path of an athlete, irrespective of what code, he or she is a winner already. They are winners, because now they would have to learn how to master themselves. They will develop the skills needed that will help them in life, business a hard world, because, they would have to overcome and master their mind and spirit, before they engage their body, before they choose an arena. Once they have chosen the path of an athlete they begin to learn what is important. Mastering your mind, your thoughts, is what is important. The rest is the arena for you to show the world the skills that God has blessed you with. Be an #AthleteOfLife A post shared by  Kaizer Motaung (@kaizermotaungjnr) on Feb 11, 2020 at 8:38am PST Although he was embroiled in a nasty divorce with his German ex-wife, he has moved on with sexy model Mbali Nkosi. The pair recently posted lovey dovey pictures of the two of them together, making their relationship public for the first time. What sundays are made of A post shared by  Mbali Nkosi (@theembalinkosi) on Feb 9, 2020 at 4:48am PST       