A patient who was suspected to have contracted the deadly
coronavirus, and who had been held in isolation at the Ellisras Hospital in
Lephalale, has been cleared and could be discharged from hospital as early as
Wednesday.  According to Limpopo health department spokesperson Neil
Shikwambana, the patient was taken into isolation as a precautionary measure
after he developed a high fever and other symptoms consistent with a
respiratory disease.  "The patient works at the Grobler's Bridge border
crossing between South Africa and Botswana and was considered as a high-risk
case because it is a point of entry," Shikwambana told News24.  "He was isolated and tested and eventually cleared of
having the coronavirus."  SABC and Citizen earlier reported that health authorities in
Limpopo were monitoring the first person in South Africa suspected of possibly
having contracted coronavirus.  Emergency evacuations  Shikwambana said the patient was expected to be discharged
on Wednesday.  According to the World Health Organization (WHO), 20 630
people have contracted the virus, which to date has led to 426 deaths.  While most of these cases were reported in China, 159 cases
and one death have been reported in 23 other countries.  Health Minister Zweli Mkhize and health officials from the
WHO and the National Institute for Communicable Diseases (NICD) addressed the
media in Johannesburg on Friday morning, and the minister said South Africa
remained on high alert.   Mkhize said that there was no evidence to support
repatriation or emergency evacuations of South African citizens in China.  "We have remained vigilant on the development regarding
the movement and behaviour of the viral infection across the world and we
continue to engage with the international academic fraternity to better
understand how this virus behaves," he said.  Mkhize reiterated that South Africa was adequately prepared
for active surveillance, early detection, isolation, case management, contact
tracing and prevention of the infection.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/sa-man-suspected-of-having-coronavirus-cleared-and-ready-to-be-discharged-20200205 