 Mzansi’s own Miss Universe 2019 Zozibini Tunzi has returned to her motherland. She’s come home for her official homecoming celebration since winning the title on 8 December. The natural beauty was welcomed by hundreds of well-wishers and aspirant models when she landed at OR Tambo International Airport yesterday morning. And that was the start of her busiest schedule yet. The festivities kicked off in Jozi. Then, the fanfare will be followed by visits to Cape Town, Mthatha and the two villages she grew up in (Tsolo and Dutywa) in the Eastern Cape. In support of the former Miss South Africa’s arrival, locals braved the cold, rainy weather. Some people showed up at the airport as early as 6am and sang, chanted and danced to keep themselves entertained at the arrivals terminal. Most of the people who were part of the welcome party waved South African flags. Even Rasta, the most notorious celebrity painter in Mzansi, was at the airport to welcome the local girl done good. He drew a portrait of her which, as usual, has garnered mixed reactions from Mzansi. The Soweto Gospel Choir also played its part to entertain the crowd with its sweet melodies. When Zozi, as the beauty is affectionately known, finally arrived, the crowd went nuts. She was welcomed by dignitaries, among them the likes of Ekurhuleni mayor Mzwandile Masina, Communications Minister Stella Ndabeni-Abrahams, and Arts and Culture Deputy Minister Makhotso Sotyu. Miss South Africa Sasha-Lee Olivier, who assumed the reigns when Zozi took the Miss Universe crown, was also present. Yelled the crowd: “Zozi, Zozi, Zozi,” as she waved with a big gorgeous smile. In her address, she thanked Mzansi and her parents for supporting her. Said Zozi: “I’m thrilled to be home. This win hasn’t just been about me, I share it with all South Africans and have been counting the days until I can celebrate this achievement with my people in the spirit of Mzansi.” According to Miss Commonwealth SA, Shanika Bongela, Zozi was an inspiration to her. “She has proven to us that nothing is impossible, no matter your background,” she told the SunTeam yesterday. Said Lakeesha Houmon (18): “Because of Zozi, I believe that only the sky is the limit. I love her, she’s beautiful and I wish to be like her one day.”