 Do those who
master the art of speaking the language of tongues with their partner hit the
right moves in the bedroom? Lets get some tongues wagging for a
bit... Kissing, the meeting of two
lips at an intersection of love, sexual desire or sharing pleasantries takes
place between two or more people depending on what type of meeting your engaged
in. Now depending on the intersection you meet at, kissing can take people on a
journey of fun and excitement and ultimately how you partake in this activity
can grant you access to eternal greener pastures of the Garden of Eden. According
to Flo Health, the fastest growing Artificial-Intelligence-Driven women health
product solution in world. Kissing has a lot of benefits between the sheets and
how you engage at the top opens and sooths things at the bottom. "When
it comes to kissing and sex, there is no reason not to enjoy it as much as you
and your want. The benefits of kissing, which are many don't have to stop in
the bedroom: from relieving stress and anxiety to increasing the bond with your
partner, kissing during sex is good not for you but for your relationship as
well". A great kisser according to
Flo is most likely a great sport in the bedroom. "Kissing is a kind of
partner potential litmus test that's often used to help determine whether a
relationship progress or not. Those who give good kisses are far more likely to
be deemed worthy, while bad kissing is usually seen as a deal-breaker. Good kisses
can lead to arousal, which can lead to sex. The good bonding feeling. The good bonding feelings
that occur during a passionate smooch-fest can also dial up the quality and
passion of a sexual encounter. And the more kissing you do, the greater the
sexual arousal, so kissing while having sex is going to ramp up the sexual
arousal as well. If you are experiencing a low sex drive and lack of desire for
sex, you may find those feelings improve with kissing, if that’s what you’re
interested in. Good kissing can lead to
arousal, which can lead to sex. The good bonding feelings that occur during a
passionate smooch-fest can also dial up the quality and passion of a sexual
encounter. An increase in sexual arousal can also increase self-esteem because
kissing reduces cortisol, which in turn boosts confidence. And kissing has
other physical benefits as well. Kissing lowers blood pressure, alleviates
headache pain, and even reduces hives and other signs of an allergic reaction.
What’s more, one study found that couples who have regular and romantic kissing
sessions both showed improved cholesterol. As if all this weren’t enough,
kissing can even tone up to 34 facial." In nutshell, kissing is the
light walk on the treadmill before you hit the ground running. It is the fire-blitz
that gets your flames burning but most importantly. Kissing the opening
ceremony to the main event.          