AMAZULU coach Jozef Vukusic is skating on thin ice. Angry Usuthu fans want him to resign since he has failed to halt their team’s slump when he replaced Cavin Johnson last September. A section of supporters insulted Vukusic as he was walking to the dressing room following AmaZulu’s 2-1 defeat to neighbours Golden Arrows in an Absa Premiership derby at Kings Park Stadium on Saturday. However, the Slovakian coach ignored them insisting that he will only step aside when the situation becomes impossible to overturn. Usuthu remain second bottom with 20 points from 22 games. Abafana Bes’thende striker Knox Mutizwa scored a brace to rub salt into AmaZulu’s wounds and take his goal tally to 11 this season. He scored the winner on the stroke of fulltime after Siyethemba Sithebe had given Usuthu hope when he levelled matters. “If I come to that point of stepping down, I’ll do it. But I’m far away from that. I know I’m faced with a big challenge. In this moment, to panic would be the worst that can happen,” admitted Vukusic. Since Vukusic was appointed as Usuthu coach, the former Polokwane City mentor has won only four of his 18 games in charge in all competitions. “I’ll not speak about we are in crisis. We are in the relegation fight, that is the reality,” added Vukusic, who’s got two weeks to prepare for the next match against Chippa United away. Added Vukusic: “We must continue to fight but games are getting difficult for us.” The squad is weaker after they suspended five players last week. The players that were suspended are Michael Morton, Lehlohonolo Majoro, Jabulani Ncobeni, Thembela Sikhakhane and Nhlanhla Vilakazi. Ghanaian defender and midfielder Samuel Darpoh got his fourth booking against Arrows and that means he’s suspended for the clash against the Chilli Boys. Vukusic said it is not the time to talk about these five suspended players or if they’ll be recalled or not. “I don’t want to speak about that,” said Vukusic. After the Chippa match, it doesn’t get easier for AmaZulu. They will visit leaders Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on 8 March.