Aries (Mar 20 - Apr 19) Love: The more serious the problem, the longer you should take to discuss it with the one you feel for. Mind: It’s difficult to talk sense when you’re highly emotional and it’s never good to react on feelings only. Money: Another day or two before you put pen to paper should not make or break a deal. Taurus (Apr 20 - May 20) Money: Ideally you prefer to be totally independent, but in life and love that is an unrealistic expectation. Self: Get used to the idea that there are one or two people that you will have to trust and include. Life: The perfect plan is not to use your own money but somebody else’s to make more money. Gemini (May 21 - Jun 20) Life: There are things about your past and your partner’s past that are better left unshared.Love: Distinguish the difference between ‘too much information’ and ‘necessary information’.Self: In any relationship, friendship, work or love, it is crucial to be clear about boundaries and rules. Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul 22) Self: You’re bored and boredom could lead to trouble because quite simply you’re seeking a challenge. Money: Spend on investment opportunities that will increase your profits and decrease your risk. Life: Believe it or not there is a win-win situation in sight. You just need to open your mind to possibilities. Leo (Jul 23 - Aug 22) Money: When you have to pay the bills, do it with an open heart and a clear conscience. Life: Be honest about what you’ve used and what you need to pay if there is something to be declared. Love: Your family doesn’t quite support your point of view. Maybe your lover has the upper-hand? Virgo (Aug 23 - Sep 22) Friends: Making new friends is more important to you now than involving yourself in emotionally charged relationships. Life: An old friend may disappoint you because he or she appears disinterested in your problems. Self: Before you try to change the world, remember that true liberation is found within. Take charge of your own life today. Libra (Sep 23-Oct 22) Friends: Simplify your views. Who are the people that have stood by you when times have been tough? Mind: Think about your loyalties. Are they in the right places? Are you maintaining reciprocal support? Work: There will be a chance to regain your composure on a previous financial mishap. Scorpio (Oct 23 - Nov 21) Life: Your inability to let go of situations that are no longer relevant will result in stagnation. Self: Yes, you love your comfort zones, but you cannot hide away in your shell forever. Life will not allow it. Love: An unusual kind of love may find its way to you if you’re single. Sagittarius (Nov 22 - Dec 21) Money: Fears for the future are not unfounded but they’re probably being blown out of proportion. Self: To be concerned is normal but to be paranoid and obsessed is not. Which one are you? Mind: It is essential to calm your thought processes. Make lists of what needs to be done. Capricorn (Dec 22 - Jan 20) Love: Your lover just cannot seem to get over an event in the past that caused upheaval. Life: At some point in time you have to decide that you’ve paid your dues and you want fresh start. Self: Lose your mind or your heart but don’t lose your temper because then you’ve lost the fight. Aquarius (Jan 21 - Feb 18) Work: Making friends with colleagues can only be to your advantage; but remember there are boundaries. Friends: Your real buddies are still the people you’ve always held dear, so don’t push them aside. Love: What you would like from your mate is some support in the financial planning department. Pisces (Feb 19 - Mar 19) Life: Sacrifices for loved ones that affect your health will benefit nobody. Put yourself first at the moment. Self: Be more discerning with the advice you receive from others. Take time to tune into messages from your intuition. Work: This is a good time to take a break after the extra effort that you put into your work.    