ANGRY parents have accused Brooklyn City College of scamming them! The parents went to the college in Tshwane on Monday to demand
their money back, this after their children spend two years attending there but
they still do not have their qualifications. One of the Parents, Paulina Tsoanyane (53), says her daughter did
her nursing course there and she was supposed to get her certificate last year
November. She said the school told her they don’t have them. “What I don’t understand is how can a school that claims to be
registered fail to give students what they came for. “They are busy telling us that they are waiting for the
certificates from the department,” she said. She said if the college was not prepared to give them certificates,
they must refund them. Another parent, Mmapula Gomba (59), said she used all her saving
to take her child to school so that she can have a better future not to be
scammed. “I worked hard so that my children can have a bright future now
this college is trying to ruin that. “I won’t let them. “They must give me back all the money I paid and keep their fake
certificate,” she said. Former student, Tebogo Mkhuseli (23), said she did a one year
course in nursing and also did her practical’s but when she comes to the school
to request her results, they give her a copy of the results, which she is
having a difficulty in using when she want to apply for jobs. “The paper is in black and white the police refuse to certify it
and when we try to explain to the college to give us our original results, they
tell us about our files not being at the Department,” she said. When Daily Sun contacted the College, they admitted that
there were students who haven’t received their certificates. Brooklyn City College spokesman, Thabang Makgatho, said they have
been trying to explain to them that the certificates were not printed at the
school. “Our certificates come from SETA we have to wait for them to be
brought to the college because we can’t just print them here it is illegal,” he
said. Meanwhile, students at the University of South Africa (UNISA) have
been urged to register on their online portal this after the employees embarked
on a strike halting any activities in various Unisa campuses. Workers affiliated to the National Education, Health and Allied
Workers (Nehawu) and the Academic and Professional Staff Association (Apsa)
trade union have been demanding an 8% increase while Unisa has offered to give
6% salary increase. Unisa’ s Acting Director for Communications, Lusani Netshitomboni,
said it was unfortunate that their campuses had to be closed but they are
encouraging students to continue to make use of the online system to register
and the registration period has been extended till Friday.