THERE is a reign of terror at the school. And it is at the hands of a 15-year-old pupil! THINGS ARE SO BAD THAT WHEN HE WALKS ONTO THE SCHOOL PREMISES, PUPILS AND TEACHERS RUN FOR COVER. READ: PASTOR: WHY I POKED VIRGINS! This is because the bully not only intimidates his fellow pupils, but the teachers as well. The bully according to sources at the school allegedly even carries a knife to school, which he uses to force the girls to kiss him and to threaten the teachers with. So fearless is the pupil that he even allegedly gropes female teachers and plays porn movies on his cellphone for everyone to hear in the classroom. The teachers find it difficult to teach as the boy sometimes puts the black board duster in his trousers and tells them to take it out. Now learning and teaching has come to a halt at Vulamehlo Senior Primary School in Vlaklaagte 1 near Kwamhlanga, Mpumalanga after angry parents locked the gates last Tuesday. They said they would not allow classes to continue until the bully was removed from the school. A parent said: “We stopped classes so that the department makes a plan and takes this pupil out of the school. The safety of our kids is at risk because he carries a knife and even threatens the teachers.” According to a teacher, the pupil started bullying everyone in 2018. READ: WATCH: TERROR OF BMW X5 DRIVER! “He sometimes cracks jokes about teachers during class and the pupils will burst into laughter. He would even make jokes about the body shapes of the teachers. “It’s sad. We can’t even discipline him because the department doesn’t want us to punish pupils,” said the teacher. A pupil said the bully did as he pleased at the school. “We are not safe around him. I suspect he has anger issues because he always loses his temper and wants to fight with anyone who tries to calm him down,” said the pupil. Another pupil said the bully ruled the school. She said the boy went to catch fish at a nearby dam in November and walked out of the water in his underwear. “Everyone was so surprised and pupils ran in different directions screaming. “Teachers told him to get dressed and he went back to the dam and came back in his school uniform,” said the pupil. As if that was not enough, the bully allegedly climbed on top of a water tank recently and peed and spat inside. Parent Thoko Msiza (36) said the children did not have water for two weeks. “Next time he is going to put poison and kill our children. Everyone, including the teachers, are tired of him,” she said. Another parent, Maria Thobela (42), said the bully also broke windows at the school. “Our children fear him. He draws people having sex on the chalkboard. “We are not going to allow this to continue as parents. READ: PITSO: I'LL SUPPORT PIRATES “Our kids are being disturbed by one naughty pupil. We have asked the department to remove him, but nothing has happened yet,” she said. The boy lives with his grandmum and according to one of the teachers she was summoned to the school, but failed to attend several meetings. The parents said they tried to engage social workers on the situation, but nothing had changed. They claimed cops were always called to the school, but all they did was take the bully’s knife. Mpumalanga education spokesman Jasper Zwane said the department condemned bullying at schools. He said they requested the SGB to enforce the code of conduct for pupils. “The department will send officials to support the SGB and to ensure semblance of order at the school,” said Zwane.