 Anal sex used to be taboo, a forbidden
fruit that was only tasted by people who were extremely sexually liberated or
who had an unusual sexual appetite. But society has become more open-minded and
people are more willing to experiment and experience things that enhance sexual
pleasure. OPENING UP TO NEW THINGS Sexologist, Dr Babalwa Funda kaMabhoza,
explains that most people have become more receptive towards anal sex because,
as with most experiences, it is no longer something that one needs to be
ashamed of. Perhaps your partner is curious to experience it or your friend has
done it and is raving about it. Read more: More
teens having anal sex “When strangers do any kind of activity, it
remains a practice, but when we get involved with our souls and hearts, it
becomes a transformation and leads to a gradual change in our attitude,” says
Babalwa. “However, with sexual attitudes, the transformation takes longer. Secondly, education has also freed us. We
now know that there are pleasure spots very close to the anus that both men and
women have, and that sometimes the best way to access these pleasure spots is
through the anus itself.” KEEPING THE FIRES BURNING Personal preferences aside, there are
obvious benefits to anal sex. “Anal sex will give all the benefits that one
will get from your normal sex, with an added advantage of easy orgasm for men
mainly due to the fact that it is very close to the prostate. It also brings
diversity, which is something that we all need to keep the fires burning,”
Babalwa says. KEEPING IT CLEAN AND HEALTHY Babalwa says one of the concerns around
anal sex is cleanliness due to the location and other functions of the anus.
It’s very crucial to keep it clean and healthy. Read more: 
Rectal
gel may ward off HIV “The elasticity and properties are not the
same as that of a vagina – it is tighter which is one of the qualities that
some might be attracted to, but might be painful,” says Babalwa. Make it
painless: The anus is not a self-lubricating organ like the vagina, so it’s
important to use store-bought lubricants. Don’t continue with normal sex after anal
sex. If you’re using a condom, change to a fresh one before proceeding. SEX LIFE AND JOURNEY If you want to try anal sex, but don’t know
how to raise the subject with your partner, Babalwa says remember that, “It’s
very important that we keep sex in our tongues and brains, as those are the
most important tools we need. It’s important for partners to talk about their
sex life and journey.” Ultimately, as with other sexual activities, it’s important
to communicate and to be comfortable. TIPS TO ROCK YOUR WORLD As a last word, Babalwa highlights: - Couples might never know where their
treasures are hidden. So keeping an open mind is also very important. - Having agreed to experiment with anal sex,
it helps to develop rules around how you will go about it. - Introduction of anal sex toys is also not
a bad idea. DIY or mutual masturbation is sometimes the best way to start. - Remember to protect yourself against
HIV/Aids by using a condom. 