The mother of
Sharnelle Hough, who was murdered at the age of 16 by Xander Bylsma at
Hoërskool Stella in the North West in May 2018, says she will always hate him
for what he did to her daughter. In an interview with
Huisgenoot, Sonja Hough said she was happy that Bylsma had been found guilty,
but that it had brought her no solace. Last week, the 20-year-old
Bylsma was found guilty of murdering Marna Engelbrecht, 17, and Hough, News24
reported. Engelbrecht's and
Hough's lifeless bodies were found at the hostel at their high school. Hough's body was
hanging from a banister, while Engelbrecht's body was found in a bathroom.
Bylsma strangled the girls and tried to make their deaths look like suicide. Hough and Bylsma had
been dating for a year before breaking up about a month before the murders. "I hate him for
what he did to my child. But I don't harbour the kind of anger of wanting to
kill him. That is just the kind of person I am, but I will always hate
him," Sonja Hough reportedly said. 'It has made me a horrible
person' "I don't worry
about life any more. I feel nothing, because all I used to worry about was my
child. And now she is no longer here. It has made me a horrible person who
doesn't care about anyone else any longer," she told the magazine. Shortly after the
girls' bodies were found, Bylsma confessed to a private detective, Chris
Saunders, after which he handed himself over at the Vryburg police station and
was arrested. He'd been in custody ever since. News24 earlier
reported that Bylsma "cracked from frustration" when he confessed to
murdering Hough, who was his ex-girlfriend, and Engelbrecht. Bylsma testified that
he was getting tired, owing to drunkenness, nausea and stress, and gave
Saunders "the answers he was looking for". The court rejected his
version of events. Last week, Netwerk24
reported that Bylsma's father had allegedly assaulted investigating officer
Captain Marcus Ferreira shortly after Judge Ronald Hendricks delivered judgment
in the North West High Court. Monté Bylsma allegedly
hit Ferreira in the face and threatened Saunders, saying he was "coming
for him". Sentencing proceedings
will take place between May 18 and May 20. SOURCE: NEWS24