THE Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) told the High Court in Pretoria today that President Cyril Ramaphosa deliberately misled Parliament about the R500,000 donation that Bosasa made to his 2017 ANC presidential campaign. The President has taken the public protector’s report on the R500,000 donation made by the late CEO of Bosasa, Gavin Watson, to his 2017 CR17 campaign to become ANC president on legal application for a judicial review of Mkhwebane’s report. The matter was heard for two days from Tuesday and Wednesday at the North Gauteng High Court in Tshwane. Ramaphosa wants the court to declare that the Public Protector was wrong in her findings. The report comes after in November 2018 where Ramaphosa was questioned by former DA leader, Mmusi Maimane, in the National Assembly over a R500 000 payment made to his son, Andile, by the now late Bosasa CEO, Gavin Watson. Ramaphosa responded that he was aware of the payment and that it was all above board and part of Andile’s consultancy agreement with Bosasa. Days later, Ramaphosa sent a letter to the Speaker of Parliament, correcting his oral reply. Now he said he had been made aware that the payment was in fact a donation to his CR17 Campaign. The EFF was among respondents that joined Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane’s challenge. She is opposing the president’s bid to keep the records of his campaign funding sealed. Ramaphosa asked the court to allow his CR17 campaign funding records to remain sealed. He had already argued that he was within his rights to tell Parliament that he was not obliged to disclose these details. But the EFF’s lawyer advocate, Vincent Maleka, argued that the president was obliged to disclose the information. Maleka maintained that the failure to disclose would be a direct violation of the ethical standards expected of the executive. Public protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane's lawyer, Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane, argued that she had the jurisdiction to probe the funding of the President Cyril Ramaphosa's CR17 presidential campaign as it involved state affairs. Sikhakhane argued that the state was more than just the executive, legislature and the judiciary.Sikhakhane was responding to the president’s lawyer, Adv Tembeka Ngcukaitobi, who  argued that Mkhwebane had no jurisdiction in investigating private matters which had nothing to do with the state or public administration. Ngcukaitobi had also argued that conclusions reached by Mkhwebane that Ramaphosa personally benefited from the donations made to his campaign were in contradiction of the evidence she had been presented with. Ngcukaitobi said Mkhwebane was given a detailed breakdown of the facts regarding expenses of his CR17 campaign. However, despite having those facts, she still ignored them. Adv Wim Trengrove, also arguing for Ramaphosa, accused Mkhwebane of misreading the law and acting with "reckless disregard" when she found that the president had misled parliament.Judgment has been reserved in the matter. 