NOT only is red the colour of love, but it’s also a popular car colour. And while we’re still celebrating the month of love, AutoTrader has released a list of the most sold, most searched for and most used red cars in Mzansi. According to George Mienie, AutoTrader CEO, red cars sell well all over the world. “It is the fifth most popular car colour in South Africa and the sixth most popular colour on a global basis,” George revealed. So, which used red car is the most popular in Mzansi? According to AutoTrader statistics for last year, the most sold red car in the country is the Volkswagen Polo GTI. “This does not come as a surprise. It was also the most sold used car (irrespective of car colour) in the country last year,” said George. The average registration year for red Polos is 2015, these cars achieve an average selling price of R214 126 and the average mileage is 65 054km. The Polo Vivo is the second most sold red used car in Mzansi. “It was the third most sold used car in Mzansi last year (irrespective of car colour),” said Mienie. The average registration year for red Polo Vivos is also 2015; these cars achieve an average selling price of R169 761 and the average mileage drops to a mere 41 620km. Yet another hatch from Volkswagen rounds off the top three when it comes to most sold red cars. “The Golf – the eighth-most sold car in Mzansi last year – clocks in third in the red cars ranking.” The average registration year for red Golfs is 2011; these cars achieve an average selling price of R293 868 and the average mileage is 90 393 km. George noted that it was interesting to see a slight difference when it came to the most searched for red cars last year. “The Golf and Polo clock in first and second, but the Polo Vivo is displaced from the top three by the BMW 3 Series,” he said. The BMW was the fourth most sold red car in Mzansi in 2019. Mienie said it’s interesting to see that the Ford Ranger – the second most sold used car in Mzansi in 2019 – is completely missing from the list of the top 20 most sold used red cars in South Africa last year. “The Ranger is extremely popular, and it is available in red – but that’s clearly not the colour of choice for bakkie owners,” he said. Here’s a list of last year’s most sold and searched for red cars: