THE AFFAIR between the bishop and a congregant’s wife allegedly began in
June and kicked into overdrive in December. They allegedly poked in her son’s room, in a mall parking lot, at a roadside, and in the car in the yard. BUT THE BISHOP DENIED IT! “I’ve no idea what you’re talking about. I know the couple you’re referring to. I’ve nothing to say,” said Bishop Thabo Boshomane of Hope of All Nations Ministries in KwaMhlanga, Mpumalanga. “I’m not giving you a response. The husband told me you called him.” So bad is the relationship the man who claims his wife is sleeping with Boshomane allegedly klapped her in front of the bishop during one of their confrontations. The bishop’s wife, a flight attendant, is away from home often. When the SunTeam asked the bishop to provide her contact details, he said she was overseas. “I’ll need to ask for her permission first,” he said. The husband apparently hired a private investigator, who watched the bishop and cheating wife and later presented evidence. He said among the evidence presented to him were nude pictures his wife allegedly sent to the bishop, texts, and video calls. The SunTeam has audio recordings. The church’s social media pages including Facebook have been taken down. The bishop and his wife have shut down their personal social media accounts. The bishop said he deactivated them as he was fasting and on leave. His wife’s phone rang unanswered and she didn’t respond to text SMSes. The source said: “He’s been sleeping with the woman in cars, public parks, at B&Bs and everywhere.” He said the angry husband confronted the bishop and wife. “They confessed they’d been having sex for a long time. He broke down. They apologised. Even the bishop’s wife said she knew what was going on and apologised on the bishop’s behalf.” Daily Sun has a recording of a conversation between the husband and a friend he confided in. The husband broke down whencalled for comment. “This is a sensitive matter. I don’t want to talk about it. Who told you about it? I’m in no position to talk.” He referred the paper to church elder Lerumo Matloko, who said: “I’m not confirming anything. I’m supporting the family of the man and the wife.” The cheating wife said: “Where did you get my numbers? If you don’t tell me I’m going to hang up.” She then hung up.