MARITZBURG United blew the Absa Premiership title race wide open when they stunned log leaders Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 at the FNB Stadium last night. They came, saw and collected six points against championship hopefuls Chiefs and Bidvest Wits in one week in Joburg. What a week it has been for coach Eric Tinkler and his charges. On Wednesday, the Team of Choice shocked Wits 1-0 at Milpark and they left Joburg with lots of damage as they had their say in the championship title race. Daylon Claasen was the hero of the day as he bagged a second half brace to break Amakhosi hearts. Samir Nurkovic pulled one back for Amakhosi with 12 minutes remaining to make it a nerve wrecking finish. But the Team of Choice hanged on to register a famous win. The visitors have their goalkeeper and captain Richard Ofori to thank for winning the game as he was brilliant in goal making a series of fantastic saves. Mamelodi Sundowns, who reduced the gab to seven points with their resounding 3-0 victory over Chippa United in an earlier kick-off, were the biggest winners on the day. Downs have a game in hand, and they could trim the gab to four points, if they win it. It was a game of two halves as Amakhosi dominated the first half. But Maritzburg were a different kettle of fish after the half-time break. The Team of Choice have now taken four points off Chiefs in the league. They are turning out to be their boggy team.   There was a decent crowd that came out in their numbers to rally behind Amakhosi, but they left the stadium disappointed by the loss. The two teams played to an entertaining 1-1 draw at the Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg in December. But the visitors collected the maximum points this time after a deserved second half performance. They beat Chiefs 2-1 in the Telkom Knockout semi-final in November and left their fans in tears. The Team of choice lived up to their promise of upsetting Amakhosi again and they did it in style. This result will give the rest of the chasing pack the belief that they can unseat Amakhosi at the top of the log.  Amakhosi welcomed their talisman Khama Billiat back into the starting line-up from a knee injury after two months absence, but he could not save them. 