Singer and songwriter Lady Zamar has a lot to be grateful for lately. The songstress revealed in an Instagram post that she was recently hospitalised. Beginning her Instagram post, the Collide hitmaker urged people to live their lives wisely as you only get to live it only once. “Life is amazing. You only get one use it wisely,” she wrote. The singer who has recently been embroiled in the drama between DJ Maphorisa and Prince Kaybee went on further to say she survived multiple operations and thanked her doctor for noticing early the complications that followed soon after her operations. “I had multiple operations which I’ll talk about in a doccie soon but after a few days there were massive complications that had me in a life threatening situation and I’m so blessed that my amazing doc caught all of it in time,” she wrote.  Lady Zamar went on further to say that she will never again take life for granted, as she was scared the whole time she was in hospital.  Ending her post, she thanked everyone who supported her during her stay in hospital and making sure she was well taken care of and comfortable.  “Thank you all the people who prayed for me, bought me flowers and visited. The hospital and their staff are and were amazing. My doctor is a superstar. God Almighty is amazing,” she wrote. SEE POST BELOW:   I had multiple operations which I’ll talk about in a doccie soon but after a few days there were massive complications that had me in a life threatening situation and I’m so blessed that my amazing Doc caught all of it in time. I was hospitalized from Thursday the 20th of February and discharged today. I will never ever ever again take my life for granted. The time in there was the longest I’ve ever spent in hospital and I was soo scared. God pulled me thru. Jennifer Hudson’s song He Pulled Me Thru is perfect for my experience. Thank you all the people who prayed for me, bought me flowers and visited. The hospital and their staff are and were amazing. My doctor is a superstar. God Almighty is amazing?????? A post shared by  LADY ZAMAR (@lady_zamar) on Feb 25, 2020 at 11:51am PST