Aries (Mar 20 - Apr 19) Self: You might feel as if you need a moment or two alone so try to find time in your day to meditate on life. Mind: A peaceful mind is capable of making the right decisions. Anxiety breeds panic, panic brings chaos. Life: Review your routine and see where you waste time and effort that you could spend on winding down. Taurus (Apr 20 - May 20) Love: It’s the same old song or story over again, almost like a broken record. Break this pattern! Self: You don’t feel capable of dealing with the amount of pressure you’re under; ideally you need a holiday. Life: Work is a big part of existence but it shouldn’t ever be the only thing that matters. Gemini (May 21 - Jun 20) Work: There are new projects to initiate and new mountains to explore and climb. Are you ready? Self: Adventure is in your blood and a new challenge will excite you especially if it is difficult. Mind: Your usual way is to leap in head first. What if you tried a different style? Cancer (Jun 21 - Jul 22) Self: A social event may take up much of your energy. If you set aside time to plan your actions, you will save yourself stress. Life: Others may look to you for advice if they are unsure of their direction in life. Work: You may feel that you now handle most of the responsibility at work. Is this true? Leo (Jul 23 - Aug 22) Love: There are things that are going unsaid, important things. What have you got to hide? Self: You should accept that if you can’t be loved for who and what you are you don’t want to be loved. Money: Double-check price-tags. The shop down the road has a better bargain in store for you! Virgo (Aug 23 - Sep 22) Love: It is as important to have a companion as what it is to have a lover in a long-term relationship. Self: You’ve got your mind in the right place, now you just need your actions to follow. Life: Your words are no good if your deeds contradict them. Be sure of your facts. Libra (Sep 23-Oct 22) Self: If you believe in the power of change you can make the adjustments that are necessary. Mind: What you wish for you will receive; within natural boundaries of course! Life: Once you realise that the sky is the limit all you need to do is grow some wings! Scorpio (Oct 23 - Nov 21) Love: Your expectations of love are probably too high and too dramatic. Life is not a movie! Self: Bring your mind back to reality by maintaining a strict routine and schedule. Health: Make fitness a necessity and not a possibility. Take a walk instead of the taxi or the car. Sagittarius (Nov 22 - Dec 21) Family: Your energy and attention should be shifted towards the people that need you most; your family. Home: When things go wrong at home they are much easier to bear when everyone stands together. Life: There is no doubt that blood is thicker than water and that a crisis draws people closer. Capricorn (Dec 22 - Jan 20) Mind: Your thinking is out of sync with your traditional ways. Are you sure of your ideas? Self: When you’re behaving out of character you need to ask yourself why. What is your personal truth? Life: Living a life in line with your talents and strengths is easier and less stressful. Aquarius (Jan 21 - Feb 18) Money: You’re under a definite false impression. You don’t earn as little as you think; you just spend too much. Life: Positive change looms on the horizon, but not fast enough for you. Self:  Playing the waiting game is frustrating, but may be your only option at this point Pisces (Feb 19 - Mar 19) Self: You’re in a really fabulous mood today, very little can be done to spoil it. Mind: When your outlook is optimistic it seems the rest of the world starts saying yes to your wishes. Life: You find it strange that good news follows optimism but it works every time. Avoid miserable people.