South Africa’s
biggest music festival is upon us, which means we need to start getting ready!
Music festivals such as Ultra are fun, great for seeing your favourite artists
up close and having fun with loved ones. But the tip to fully enjoying Ultra is
to be prepared, otherwise your whole experience could be ruined. Here's a
survival guide on how you can party like a pro on the weekend of the 28th
in Cape Town and  Johannesburg on the 29th
February 2020. Dress comfortably There’s nothing more
bothersome than having to tug at your clothing because it’s just not sitting
right. Choose your outfit carefully, make sure you can have peace of mind and
live your best life. For example, wearing heels to the music festival might not
be the best shoe choice, so rocking your favourite sneakers might work better. Stay close to friends It gets packed at
Ultra Music Festival and before you know it you would’ve lost your friends.
Don’t wander off too far from your buddies, always make sure your trips to the
bathroom, getting drinks or wherever, are with a friend. Always be safe! Keep the energy flowing There’s so much
excitement and a variety of things that happen during Ultra that you may feel a
little tired and need more energy. With 80mg of caffeine (same as a cup of
filter coffee) as well B-group vitamins in a 250ml can, a cold Red Bull should
be your first drink to kickstart your Ultra experience to keep you partying for
longer and on top form by the time your favourite artist hits the stage. Don't drive Besides it being a
nightmare to get your way out of event traffic and finding parking, it’s
dangerous to drink and drive. If you’re planning on letting loose and drinking at
the festival, make sure you’ve arranged transport for yourself to get home
safely - driving shouldn’t even be an option. Don't forget the power Imagine your
favourite artist on stage and you want to capture the moment but suddenly your
phone screen goes blank. Pack a fully charged power bank with you so you can
get a shot of all the action and make sure your Instagram friends know you’re
at South Africa’s biggest music festival. Invest in some headphones Noise cancellation
and sound enhancement headphones can be useful at festivals. Some headphones give
you the ability to hear the same whether you're right next to the speakers or
straight at the back, with Ultra having 5 stages you could even listen to music
from the festival's other stages without ever having to move. There’s a variety
of headphones designed for festivals and if that’s not part of your budget,
simple earbuds to protect your ears from 
the loud noise would work. Have fun! Lastly and most
importantly, set your mind correctly for a good time with awesome music and
great company and you will have a blast.