Whether you keep things wet like an Aquarian, sting and bite like a Scorpio or are just plain two-faced like a Gemini. Most of us cheat in relationships but some star signs do it more than others. Here are the TOP 5 star signs that cheat the most in relationships.   The coveted prize of number one goes to Pisces, the star sign that is most likely to cheat on you in a relationship. As astonishing as it may sound, these extremely emotional and sensitive beings are not known for hiding their true feelings well in a relationship. If they are not feeling you, you will definitely get the message loud and clear. Unlikely to hang around in a relationship that's not bearing fruit for them, the ideal Pisces is unlikely to jeopardise a relationship they're happy to be in. If you ask me, something is always fishy with this bunch when it comes to their relationships.  The second spot goes to Gemini. It's hardly surprising, considering how demanding they are in nature. So if you can't step up, they will definitely find someone who will. The ideal Gemini loves to keep his or her options open in a relationship, so are you still surprised they are known as being two-faced?  In third place we have Libra. Known to be extreme flirts, it can become difficult to enter a serious relationship with a Libran. Once a flirt always a flirt.  At number four, just missing a spot in the top three is Leo. Dramatic and always the centre of attention, the ideal Leo will never settle for anything short of the best. So like the Gemini, if you can't shape up they will ship out and go into the jungle of dating to find someone new to prey on.   These aquatic beings might not physically cheat on you in a relationship but they are renowned for being flirty and overly friendly with people in general.  Whether it is through a text, phone call or having a casual conversation with someone, they are natural charmers. While it’s never physical, some people consider this to be emotional cheating, so we’re pretty sure their partners wouldn't be too happy if they knew this was going on.        