KAIZER Chiefs are living in dreamland! Those who thought that the league title was as good as wrapped up, must wake up and smell the coffee. This is the admission of their head coach Ernst Middendorp. The Absa Premiership title will not be decided any time soon, warned the German. A disappointed Middendorp, said that defeat was a bitter pill to swallow for his side, painted the title race picture for all to see. The Soweto giants’ shock 2-1 defeat against Maritzburg United at the FNB Stadium on Saturday, blew the title race wide open. Middendorp was left to pick up the pieces as a brace by Dylan Claasen did the damage for Amakhosi. Samir Nurkovic pulled a goal back, but the Team of Choice stood firm to hold on for the win. A mistake by Nigerian goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi that led to the opening goal, also raised some eyebrows for the German mentor. He had to explain why he gave the former Chippa United keeper the nod over the vastly experienced Itumeleng Khune, who is back from a lengthy injury. Amakhosi star Lebogang Manyama also missed a clear chanes in the dying stages that could have taken the game in a completely different direction had he found the back of the net. “It is difficult to process this result, but this is not the time to panic,” said Middendorp, whose face was etched with disappointment. The loss has now opened the door for Mamelodi Sundowns to get closer to the Soweto giants by four points, if they win their game in hand against Bloemfontein Celtic at Loftus Stadium on Wednesday. But when asked where does the defeat leave Amakhosi in their quest to win the league title, the German trainer told the fans to stop dreaming as the championship title race is far from over. “Are we really dreaming? I said it in November, January and again this month that we have not won the title yet. “This title will not be decided today or in two or in three weeks time. We won’t even clinch the title in March that is not how things work in football. “Football is a funny game, we must put in the work and focus on ourselves and not worry about others,” explained Middendorp. He also defended Manyama for his missed chance as he insisted that “we win together and lose together as a team.” But when pressed to explain how they dropped the three points against the Team of Choice, he said he was left speechless. “I don’t know what to say. We created plenty of opportunities to score but suddenly, we went 2-0 down. I don’t have answers.” said Middendorp as he battled to explain the sudden loss.