THIS DAY will be always a historic one for Mzansi and the world. On this day 30 years ago, South Africa was brimming with hope as struggle icon Nelson Mandela walked out of Victor Verster Prison after 27 years in jail. READ: STUDENT HITS R5BN NSFAS 'JACKPOT'! There was orderly chaos as young and old took to the streets in jubilation. Everyone thought they finally were free from the shackles of apartheid. The iconic picture of a smiling Mandela and then wife Winnie Madikizela-Mandela with a clinched-fist revolutionary salute, was broadcast across the world. Although the democratic election was yet to be negotiated, it was a given that the ANC was going to win with a landslide. And when the election was held four years later, the ANC with Mandela at the helm, sailed to victory. The world hailed the country for a smooth transition as the ANC promised a bright future and a better life for all. It would fail dismally in years to come. But on this day, Mandela walked out of prison like a statesman. READ: SEX VIDEO TRIGGERS GOSSIP It was a sunny afternoon as he brought in a new era for the country that had for decades been plunged into violence by the apartheid regime. Thousands flocked to Cape Town waving ANC flags, unbanned 10 days earlier. ANC supporters turned the Grand Parade into a dance floor. Sadly, two people were reported dead as police opened fire on people when the gathering turned violent, leading to vandalism and looting. The crowd had become impatient. The gathering was dense to the point that Mandela’s motorcade couldn’t make it through to the Grand Parade, where he’d make his first public address. The police were outnumbered and panicked when the gathering turned into a stampede. Dozens were wounded. Mandela’s first address was defiant. “Factors that necessitated the armed struggle still exist. READ: PASTOR: I DON’T FART, I HEAL! “We have no option but to continue calling on the international community to isolate the apartheid regime. “To lift sanctions now would risk aborting the process towards complete eradication of apartheid.” In Soweto, thousands poured into the streets in jubilation, some camping outside his home to catch a glimpse of their hero. The ANC used the day to its advantage and positioned itself to take over power. But 30 years later, the ANC has lost the trust of most of its electorate, with support declining at each election. Evidence being presented at  the Commission of Inquiry into State Capture reveals how comrades loot state coffers and line their pockets.