SOUTH African athletes are too soft! The reason why local athletes are not making it on the world stage is because they don’t want to get out of their comfort zone. That is the brutal assessment of Mzansi’s prominent marathoner Stephen Mokoka. When asked about the chances of Mzansi’s marathon team at the Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan, Mokoka said they stand absolutely no chance of making the podium at the Olympics. South Africa will send a team of six athletes divided into three men and three women in the marathon squad. The Olympic Games will take place from 24 July until 9 August in the capital of Japan. Mokoka has already booked his ticket for the biggest global sporting event, but he says that a lot still needs to be done to bring SA up to speed with the power runners from other countries. Mokoka has been training throughout the holiday period and he says that he is ready to tackle the new season. Mokaka said: “To be brutally honest, it’s a matter of sacrificing. I think if we as Mzansi athletes can sacrifice ourselves and families, we can go far in the marathon. “But South African athletes are too soft, we just want to stay with our families, girlfriends and don’t want to sacrifice. But if we sacrifice and shy away from other things, we can be a force to be reckoned with. “But we don’t have the guts to go on a six-months training camp to prepare for a big event such as the Olympics. We have to develop a thick skin if we want to achieve big things on the world stage.” Mokoka says the potential is there, but laziness is holding the sport back. Explained Mokoka: “There is a potential to get medals in the future whether it’s in the sprints, road running or other track and field events, but it’s a matter of sacrificing.” Mokoka is the poster-boy of SA marathon running and his top 10 finish (2:11:09) at the IAAF World Championships in Doha, Qatar last year, inspired many. But he says that he is not under pressure to secure a top 10 finish at the Olympics. Added Mokoka: “I work with a good team and I’m coached by a good coach in Michael “Sponge” Seme. But I don’t want to put myself under unnecessary pressure. I just want to run my race.” He was speaking during Athletic SA’s joint media briefing with the SABC yesterday when they announced an undisclosed multi-million rand broadcast deal. SABC chief operations officer (COO) Ian Plaatjies and ASA president Aleck Skhosana signed the deal at the broadcasting corporation’s headquarters in Auckland Park, Joburg yesterday. This undisclosed deal will see popular events such as the Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon, Comrades Marathon, Soweto Marathon, Cape Town Marathon and Nelson Mandela Bay Marathon televised live on SABC 2. The deal starts in March and ends in December. Other events that will be broadcast live are the FNB 12km, Joburg 10km, SA Cross Country Championships and Super Schools’ series. The broadcast will start with the Grand Prix series just two days before the start of the Two Oceans Marathon, followed by the SA Senior Track and Field Championships.