MORE AND more houses are continuing to sink in Khutsong, Carletonville.Close to 15 houses have been affected by the sinkholes. Residents are now living in fear of being swallowed by earth. Joyce Duma (56) almost lost her life when the house she was staying caved in with her inside. The woman who thank God for sparing her life, said she was alone in the house on Monday when the incident happened. “I felt the ground under my feet moving and suddenly the floors caved in," The helpless woman slid in. But she was lucky she was not swallowed. Neighbours heard as she was screaming for help and they came to rescue her.  Duma who is now on crutches and is from Khutsong in Carletonville under Merafong municipality says she thank God for sparing her life. “I could be dead if neighbours didn’t come in time to rescue me. I was praying hard and I thank God send someone to help me.” Community leader Less Tumo said a neighbour came and pulled her out. “She was on wheelchair and she had to be lifted out through the window. She had since been moved to the RDP house in Welverdiend outside Carlentonville. Residents say the recent rains and old pipes which burst often have made the situation worse. More than fifteen houses are affected and residents fear this is not the end. On Friday, a road caved in just in front of gogo Agnes Makhutlhe’s house. Gogo Agnes (76) says she is living in fear of being swallowed by earth. “I can’t sleep well at night. The house next door caved in recently and this time is the road in front of us, my house is next,” she said. But many victims are not happy saying the houses are small and not all of their belongings will fit in these  houses. “We are not forced to keep some of our things with relatives and friends,” said affected owner, Emmanuel Seake. He said his house is worth more than R350 000 but now he has to settle for R68 000 RDP house which is also small.“All my things can’t fit in,” he said. Daily Sun found another house owner Lucky Kanaomang busy preparing to move. “They say they taking us to the RDP house and I’m afraid I have so many things which are not going to fit in that house." Bridget Mkhontwana, the Merafong Municipality spokeswoman said they aware of the sinkholes and are moving the affected families to safer places. She said she will engage relevant departments to deal with other resident’s complaints. 