DOWN but not out! From playing for Bafana Bafana and winning every major honour in the Premier Soccer League, Sifiso Myeni has ended an 18 month forced exile from the game to bounce back and help his new club TS Sporting reach the quarter-finals of the Nedbank Cup. Myeni has been suffering since he was released by Bidvest Wits at the end of the 2017-18 season. But the classy winger who shone in his prime at both Wits and Orlando Pirates and earned five Bafana caps, has a new lease of life with GladAfrica Championship side Sporting. On Saturday Myeni helped inspire Sporting to their hard fought 4-3 victory after time over Happy Wanderers at Princess Magogo Stadium. Although the Championship side went through, they were pushed hard by the gallant KwaZulu-Natal side from the ABC Motsepe League. Said Myeni: “This team had never progressed to the Last-32, now we are in the quarter-finals. It is about inspiring these boys and I hope we get a good draw.” Myeni admitted he had suffered since he was released by Wits and failed to find a club. But the diminutive midfield dynamo refused to give up. His grateful girlfriend stood by his side through this difficult period. Before Myeni was signed by Sporting in January, the 31-year-old was rejected by Bloemfontein Celtic when the move was thought to have been agreed to. And before the season got underway, he tried his luck at Highlands Park but he was told the club have enough players in his favoured position on the wing. He had to wait before he was snapped by Sporting who signed him to end what was 18 months of uncertainty. “At some point you’ll ask yourself what you did wrong based on what you capable of,” said Myeni. “Sometime you go to training, when you get there, they’ll tell you are not as good as the players already at the club in the same position. But then you start asking yourself, why did the club invite me to come if they have the players? “Some of the things are out of your hands. But it is good to be back and I can’t express how good I feel.” Myeni is eager to add a third Nedbank Cup to his collection. The Lawley-born winger won the Ke Yona Cup in 2010 with Wits and again in 2014 with Orlando Pirates, scoring in 3-1 victory against his former club Wits. “This competition has been good to me since my playing days at Wits and Pirates,” Myeni revealed. The Ke Yona Cup quarter-final draw will be held in Joburg on Tuesday night.