Singing superstar Beyonce-Knowles Carter stole the show at US basketball star Kobe Bryant's memorial service last night. She belted out one of her most famous songs, Halo. Actress and singer Jennifer Lopez was  also in attendance, as well as many other famous faces.  Even in the arena loaded with sports and entertainment stars, famous basketballer Michael Jordan taking the stage left the audience awestruck. The crowd had been growing a little restless after an unbroken string of speakers, and some headed for the bathroom and concessions after 90 minutes of sitting still, but when the Chicago Bulls legend walked on to the stage, the Staples Center audience snapped back to full attention, and when Jordan was crying from his first words, they knew they were witnessing a rare moment.Michael even acknowledged his tears invoked the photo meme that dominated social media several years ago. “Now he’s got me,” Jordan said of Bryant. “I’m going to have to look at another crying meme for the next” and was cut off by laughs and howls from the crowd. Source: The Associate Press  I will continue to diligently pray for your Queens. You are deeply missed beloved Kobe. A post shared by  Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Jan 29, 2020 at 9:43pm PST @shaq is the light touch we needed today. Love u man. RIP @kobebryant A post shared by  Jamie Foxx (@iamjamiefoxx) on Feb 24, 2020 at 5:25pm PST R.I.P. you are so missed but you are never forgotten A post shared by  Jamie Foxx (@iamjamiefoxx) on Feb 24, 2020 at 11:02am PST @VanessaBryant - When you told me how the Moonlight Sonata is such a beautiful part of your love story because Kobe vowed to learn it to show how deep his love is for you .... I was speechless I am so honored to celebrate your deep connection to each other today. I felt the depth of your love for each other and your girls with every note I played today. Love is the most powerful force. The love between you lights up the world. A post shared by  Alicia Keys (@aliciakeys) on Feb 24, 2020 at 2:09pm PST  