LABOUR federation Cosatu is
expecting to hear clear steps to address the economic crisis plaguing the
country and how the rot of corruption within government institutions will be
stopped when President Cyril Ramaphosa delivers the State of the Nation
tomorrow. Cosatu also wants Ramaphosa to
address the issue of policy of government implementing policies of its alliance
partner, the governing ANC as well as better management of the country’s
limited resources. Further, the president needs to
focus on ways of strengthening the capacity of the state and employment
rations. The federation believes that the
governing party needs to break away from neoliberal policies which it says are
undermining the government’s task and economic transformation. “Currently, there is a robust debate in the
country about the economic policy and the federation is continuing to insist on
an economic policy framework that focuses on reducing unemployment. “Zero unemployment rate should
be the objective of the economic framework. We hope that the SONA will
articulate the vision of state-led economic growth,” the federation said in a
statement release in the eve of SONA. It pointed out that the
President has held promising initiatives such as the Jobs and Investment
summits but little or nothing came out of these initiatives. “The federation hopes to hear
clear actions, timeframes and resources in the SONA with regards to ensuring
both government and the private sector implement their Jobs Summit Agreement. Cosatu also wants to hear
concrete steps taken to stopping the crisis that is facing power utility Eskom
as well as other state owned enterprises. The federation has recently
offered that pension funds of workers should be used to bail out Eskom, a move
that was welcomed by Ramaphosa. “We also expect the President to
give us an update on the research conducted by the National Treasury on the
feasibility of a State Bank and the one that was conducted by the Department of
Energy on the fuel price cap,” it said. 