Musician Thobeka 'Tipcee' Ndaba has shown her caring side. The eMatarven hitmaker bought groceries for poor families around Durban. The muso said that it has always been her dream to give back to society. "Giving back to society has always been my dream. I started this project last year and the appreciation I received from the families humbled me. I intend to do this project for as long as I can," she said. She said that she has been doing this since last year. "I started giving back to society last year. I identified kids who were in need of school uniforms. I'd buy them shoes and other school necessities. This year I decided to locate poor families and buy them food," she said. According to Tipcee the families are carefully chosen. "I personally  went out to locate the poor families. Once I found them I listed their groceries and went out to buy them food. This helped me because I wanted to interact and spend some time with them," she explained. She said that she spent over R5000 on the families. "I chose five families from around Durban. So far I've spent more than R5000 on the families and I shall be doing this before June. The money I spent came from own pocket," she continued. "For me the act of giving back to the community is more than social responsibility, for me it's just how things should be. It shows that we care for those who are less privileged, it shows that we relate to their predicament. It's about humility," said Tipcee. "I'm giving back to society because I've been blessed. Giving back to society is an honour and I'm grateful that I'm able to do this, " she said. Elizabeth Mzobe (88) from Umlazi, south of Durban, said she was not expecting this. "I was sitting at home when she approached me. At first I thought it was a joke but when she came back with groceries I nearly fainted. I didn't know that a total stranger can be so generous towards me." Elizabeth, who lives with her grandchildren, said she usually struggles to buy food. "My grandchildren are still at school and I am struggling to buy food for them. As a result I use their social grant to look after them," she said.