Joseph Shabalala's younger brother Enoch has told mourners he wants nothing from his brother's estate.  Speaking at Joseph's memorial service held in the Ladysmith Indoor Sports Centre on Tuesday, he said: "I want to assure his sons I'll never demand anything from their father's estate. I know he loved suits and all but that's not for me but for his wife and sons to decide. I say this because I don't belong to the devil. I am a man of God." Colenso Abafana Nkokhelo paying their tribute to Joseph Shabalala during the memorial service held at the Ladysmith Indoor Sports Centre on Tuesday, #BlackMambazo #JosephShabalala pic.twitter.com/GTGThjOtNT  Joseph's eldest son, Nkosinathi Shabalala, said: "His death shattered us. I never thought he'd pass away. I thought he'd survive. When he died I thought it was all over. I lost all hope. I had no one to turn to.  But your prayers and support sustained me".  Long-time friend Mzwakhile Ntombela told mourners: "Music drove him. He lived it. It was in his blood.  At one stage, he told me he'd be very happy to die on stage. I was shocked but to him this was not an issue. This proved how much he loved music".  According to Mzwakhile, there are many of Joseph's songs that weren't recorded. Thee Legacy pays tribute during Joseph Shabalala memorial service. held at the Ladysmith Indoor Sports Centre on Tuesday. #BlackMambazo #JosephShabalala pic.twitter.com/dSWW12HI4E  "He composed a lot of music at night and he'd use a small recorder to store his songs," he said.  KZN Premier Sihle Zikalala said Joseph represented the country very well.  "There was no other way of paying respect to him other than this. He represented us, he united us. When he was still alive, the president and myself visited him.  We agreed the South African Government will be part of the Ladysmith Mambazo celebrations. We made this promise because he dedicated himself. He never forgot where he came from. He remained an inspiration, " Zikalala said.  uThukela District Mayor Sphiwe  Mazibuko said Joseph was no longer theirs. "He belonged to all of us. He raised the flag for our district. He achieved everything he wanted to achieve and his legacy will never perish. He made a name for himself. He was our ambassador here in Ladysmith. We are glad that he was honouRed and recognised while he was still alive," Mazibuko said. 