Finance minister Tito Mboweni has abandoned any attempt to hang on to South Africa’s last investment-grade credit rating, with a budget that bluntly acknowledged debt will not stabilise over the next few years and unexpectedly eased the tax burden on individuals in a desperate attempt to resuscitate the flagging economy. The decision not to raise taxes to help curb ballooning public sector debt and to narrow widening budget deficits — as had been expected — is likely to prompt Moody’s Investors Service to downgrade its investment-grade credit rating for SA, triggering large capital outflows which will raise borrowing costs in the country. S&P and Fitch, the other rating agencies which have already slapped “junk” status on SA’s sovereign debt, are also likely to downgrade their ratings again. Treasury has clearly decided to risk taking the knock and riding out the volatility, which it believes will be short term. “It will be foolhardy to increase taxes in this economic situation,” Mboweni said in a media briefing ahead of his Budget speech in Parliament. “In a difficult situation like this, it would be preferable to have far deeper tax cuts.” But his goal of bringing debt back to sustainable levels in the next few years now hangs on a substantial reduction in the bloated public sector wage bill — an outcome which is far from certain, as labour unions have stubbornly resisted any attempt to accept salary increases below the rate of inflation for many years. National Treasury says it intends to cut the wage bill for 1.2m public servants, which accounts for 35% of its spending, by a cumulative R160.2bn over the coming three years, making it the bulk of spending cuts pencilled in for this period.       Instead, Treasury provided relief for individuals by raising personal income tax brackets above inflation, providing a reduction of R2bn which was offset by increases for the normal range of existing indirect taxes, including the fuel levy and taxes on alcohol and cigarettes. It pointed out in the Budget review that growth in wages, consumption and business profitability had stagnated in recent years, lowering tax receipts from individuals, companies, and value-added tax. Revenue for the 2019-2020 financial year, which ends on 29 February, was now R63.3bn lower than last year’s estimate. “In this context, substantial tax increases are unlikely to be effective. SA already has a relatively high tax-to-GDP ratio compared with other countries at a similar level of development. New tax increases at this time could harm the economy’s ability to recover.”  Recently, three of SA’s main trade partners — India, the UK and the US — had all lowered their corporate income tax rates below that level, it added. The sting in the tail to this news was an announcement that there will be a review of a wide range of tax incentives for both companies and individuals, which Treasury said could “compromise the principles of a good tax system” by creating “complexity and inequities between individuals, sectors and activities”. Treasury’s unexpected decision to cut rather than raise taxes may help SA avoid slipping into a recession this year, a scenario which economists believed was possible if taxes were higher and load-shedding continues as Eskom carries out intensive maintenance to fix its neglected power plants (see cover story on p.26). But SA’s unravelling finances must be brought into order, and quickly (see table 2). Debt service costs are the fastest-growing area of government spending and now absorb 15.2% of revenue, compared with 9.8% a decade ago.     Nonetheless, SA will fall out of the World Government Bond Index, which means that passive investors will be forced to sell their holdings of SA government bonds, which could amount to between $9bn and $13.5bn, according to Old Mutual economist Johan Els.  The big question is how much will be bought by other investors who hold “junk”-rated bonds.Support to ailing state-owned enterprises was identified in the Budget as one of the main risks to its forecasts, with Treasury pointing out that they have accumulated R759.9bn of debt — of which 62% is guaranteed by the government. Mariam Isa is a freelance journalist who came to SA in 2000 as chief financial correspondent for Reuters news agency after working in the Middle East, the UK and Sweden, covering topics ranging from war to oil, as well as politics and economics. She joined Business Day as economics editor in 2007 and left in 2014 to write on a wider range of subjects for several publications in SA and in the UK. This article originally appeared in the 5 March edition of finweek. Buy and download the magazine here or subscribe to our newsletter here.   https://www.fin24.com/Finweek/Personal-finance/mboweni-puts-sas-economy-first-moodys-second-20200227 