A HEALTHY competition for Kaizer Chiefs’ No 1 jersey has ensued! For far too long now Itumeleng Khune has twiddled his thumbs on the bench while Daniel Akpeyi flourished for Amakhosi in their Absa Premiership title charge. But the Nigerian is now being kept on his toes as the battle for the goalie spot in the starting line-up intensifies. Khune started his first game for Chiefs in nearly six months, reclaiming the armband to captain the Soweto giants in their 1-0 victory over Royal Eagles in their Nedbank Cup opener at FNB Stadium at the weekend. But is the Bafana Bafana ‘keeper back for good? “I don’t have a problem selecting either Itu or Daniel. We don’t talk too much about it, we just make a decision and that’s it,” said Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp, who boasted he had three international ‘keepers, including Bruce Bvuma. “We chat with the goalkeeping department and we have a clear understanding. “The game was successful against Royal Eagles. So let’s wait and see. I can’t make a decision (selection) now. Daniel has been playing in the league, had a solid run and has kept us in the games very often. “Just to give you a little bit (of an idea), I’d say probably Daniel next week (league match against Maritzburg United). And if we want to go further than only two or three days we need to have the quality inside.” Amakhosi were made to work a bit harder by the GladAfrica Championship strugglers, who took them the distance. A second-half goal from Lebogang Manyama proved the difference, but Middendorp was left unimpressed with the “casual approach”, which he explained forced him to make changes. Without singling out individuals, the German took a swipe at his players wayward passing. He added: “You know passing should always have an intention. For example we had some crosses without purpose or intention. You flock in and the ball come down like it’s flying from Lufthansa (airplane) and you can’t do anything with it. Passing means you want to move the opponent. But they didn’t. There’s was no movement.” Middendorp will have a week to work on the passing, with the next fixture coming at home on Saturday against Maritzburg.