If you were
to assess the last couple years of your life, it may be glaringly obvious that
– despite your best intentions – your carefully defined list of New Year’s
resolutions lies abandoned before the end of February. The inherent problem
with resolutions is that they’re broad-strokes ideals that are set on a whim
come January 1st. David Torr
from UCOOK says that South Africans already place too much pressure on
themselves and defining strict resolutions just highlights unnecessary
frustration and sense of personal failure if they’re not achieved. “It’s not a
sustainable method of making changes in your life and can often end up being
completely counter-productive and negative.” Torr
references thinking from Project Love,
originally published
on the Huffington Post, which talks about the setting of intentions as
opposed to resolutions. “The idea behind identifying an intention is to
connect you to something that is inherently important in your life. The
intention inspires you and guides the choices you take throughout the year – an
internal tool for navigating decisions.” There are three ways to make it work: Once you’ve
identified the three intentions, the next step is to identify three practical
steps that work towards achieving that intention. Every time you accomplish one
of the mini steps, you tick it off as an achievement, which ultimately builds
confidence and joins the dots to achieving the overall intention. “It’s a far
more positive way to make sustainable and impactful changes in your life –
instead of failing at huge goals, you’re achieving smaller steps every week or
month contributing to your confidence of making the overall change,” says Torr. Torr says
that UCOOK is often listed as a great vehicle for the start of the New Year –
it’s a company that specialises in bringing fresh, free-range and sustainably
sourced ingredients to South African tables. The service promotes a healthy
approach to food preparation and encourages the involvement of partners,
spouses, kids and friends in the preparation process. “We see the plethora of
content that goes out in the early months of each year – and we’re not about
making empty promises about instant health or diet fixes. We believe that it’s
more important to align with small decisions as simple as knowing where your
food comes from, or eating whole ingredients that have been grown ethically. Of
course, we do that all for you – so we’ll tick many boxes!”