AT the rate we’re losing our sports personalities, we might as well change our column corner and rename it the obituary section. The obituary space is a popular gathering place in one overzealous daily publication on a Thursday morning, for those who are looking forward to the weekend’s after-tears imbibing or the ‘wie sien ons’ shindigs, if you’re from Pretoria Mahlanyeng. Last week, we paid tribute to fallen former boxing world champion Peter “Terror” Mathebula and his wife, who were buried this past Tuesday.The loving, elderly couple were out for the count due to a short illness. This week, the news of world renowned basketball star Kobe Bryant’s death sent shockwaves globally. Tributes have been pouring in from Timbuktu to Antananarivo. The deep-pocketed Hall of Fame star preferred helicopters as his daily mode of transport. Heartbreakingly, he died with his 13-year-old daughter Gianni, who was also on board. I tried basketball at some stage. I was skinny and looked clumsy in those baggy shorts and shirts. Didn’t look cool at all. So, I went back into what I did best, dishing out tsamayas and shibobos to bamboozled opponents. I always opined that a sport where you’re required to run and control a ball with your feet at the same time is 10-times difficult compared to a game where you use your hands – that’s stuff for girls! Hence I won’t dwell much on basketball, except to pass my message of condolence to Bryant’s grieving family. May God protect them and give them strength in these difficult times. Now, allow me to take a short-left to Thohoyandou and go shoot some hoops with Black Leopards – who have now had nine coaches since 2017. I’ve much respect for owner David Thidiela for the way he has turned into such a respectable and achievement-driven businessman in the north of Mzansi. He started out as a security guard and cop, and now runs a multimillion rand businesses in Limpopo. But football doesn’t seem to be his strongest point as he’s struggling to grasp how the game is run in the 21st century. This season only, Allan Clarke is the fifth coach in charge and Leopards are facing the dreaded relegation axe. It surely wouldn’be wrong to mention that coaching Lidoda Duvha is like putting your cock on the block. In 2005, just before the 2005/06 season got underway, Leopards hired Frenchman coach Jean-Yves Kerjean. He was fired just after one match in charge. He lasted a month at the club. A record in the PSL! When asked or told he’s interfering with the coach’s job, “Homie” is not scared to bite back and tell you how can he interfere, when it is his business – fair enough, it’s his club! When the club was promoted to the PSL in 2001, there was so much promise and excitement. Rural Venda had finally found a platform to showcase its talent and heritage. But sadly, the club is not in tune with football trends of the 21st Century. They’ve been relegated a number of times and coaches are changed like underwear. The truth is that