ANC MP Boy Mamabolo has made a U-turn on his refusal to
apologise to EFF leader Julius Malema and his wife, Mantoa. Mamabolo vowed on his twitter account that he won’t
apologise for his remarks, inside and outside parliament that Malema abuses his
wife. BUT he has now issued an apology. He says he was actually wrong to raise the matter in
public without consulting with you as my former family friends to verify these
false allegations from jealous friends of Mantoa. “I posed the question to Malema because the president
during the special joint sitting last year called upon us to expose any form of
GBV in our country, he said. The ANC MP said he decided to question Malema because
jealous friends of Mantoa had sent him messages since November last year. "I would like to take this opportunity to apologise
and retract the insensitive statements that I have made in Parliament and
outside regarding gender-based violence which was allegedly happening in your
household," he said. "I humbly request you to accept my sincere apology,
I wish you a Happy Malema Family (as I've always did) jealous must never break
you, Stay strong my Comrades (sic)." He said he has sent the same copy to his chief whip and
the president of the country, Cyril Ramaphosa. On Thursday, EFF leader also issued an apology to
Ramaphosa for saying in parliament that he had abused his late former wife. "I stood in parliament to return the same hand to
him, his departed wife, Nomazizi and his entire family. I was however, drowned
down by ruling party benches without any protection from presiding
officers," said Malema. Malema said in a statement: "After a long discussion
with my wife about the president's apology, I have decided to pen down the
apology that I should have communicated on the platform of the joint sitting of
Parliament where it belonged." "In retrospect, I accept that I should have known
better not to indulge myself in the same degeneration that the ANC caucus
visited upon my person and that of my wife. It was therefore in a desperate act
of personal defence which I now regret because of how critical the matter of
gender-based violence is for all of us as a country. "I hope the president can accept my apology,
together with his family, which I offer sincerely. "I also would like to apologise to all South
Africans who were offended in the process, in particular victims of
gender-¬based violence. "In conclusion, I would like to mention that I have
personally communicated my apology directly to President Ramaphosa in a phone
call. I, therefore, hope that this puts the matter behind both of us."  