GOLDEN Arrows coach Steve Komphela weighed in on the yellow card controversy surrounding title chasing Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane. Mosimane came under fire for deliberately getting five players booked against Bloemfontein Celtic last week. They were Mosa Lebusa, Hlompho Kekana, Gaston Sirino, Sibusiso Vilakazi and Themba Zwane. Mosimane was doing a “clean up” by getting his players booked ahead of their Nedbank Cup Last-16 clash against SAB League (fourth tier) outfit Vaal University of Technology (VUT) last weekend so that they would be available for Downs’ next important Absa Premiership clash away to Stellenbosch next Wednesday. Mosimane did what Komphela also did in the previous round against the same VUT side when he instructed seven players to get booked in their 1-0 win over SuperSport United prior to the Ke Yona clash against the minnows. The players booked were captain Matome Mathiane, Siyabonga Dube, Nkanyiso Sibisi, Velemseni Ndwandwe, Lerato Lamola, Knox Mutizwa and Ntsako Makhubela in order that they would be available for Arrows’ crunch Durban derby against AmaZulu on 15 February which Abafana Bes’thende won 2-1. Mutizwa netted twice to see Arrows down Usuthu 2-1. But the move backfired in the cup as Arrows embarrassingly lost 6-5 on penalties after the game finished 2-2 after extra time. Komphela said: “As coaches we got to do what we got to do.” Komphela was speaking at the club’s media day ahead of their league clash against Highlands Park at the Sugar Ray Xula Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Mosimane had a similar response when he also said he had to do what he had to do by asking his players to get booked to avoid missing a key game. Komphela says there’s nothing wrong with what they did. “It happened, some of the yellow card were legitimate,” said Komphela. “If the player get a yellow cards for time wasting, let it be. But we also have to show respect to the game. “There are moments where you feel you have to clean up, there are moments where you feel, ‘Eish, I have to hold back’. “But I agree, it doesn’t have to be so blatant. Sometimes (as coaches) we have to go through these processes, it happens.”