 The female orgasm is one of the most talked
about and researched areas of the sexual experience. However, reaching an
orgasm seems to be impossible for many women even when they have a sensitive
partner who knows how to pleasure them. What really makes sex pleasurable for women
is a partner who can hit the G and O spots to reach an orgasm so good it leaves
you shaking, your knees weak and out of breath. So just how do you get the
ultimate pleasure everytime you get down to it? THE ORGASM Sexual pleasure is all about reaching an
orgasm. According to sex research done by William Masters and Virginia Johnson,
“As you become more turned on, blood continues to flood the pelvic area, your
breathing speeds up, heart rate increases, nipples become erect and the lower
part of your private part narrows in order to grip your partner's private part
while the upper part expands to give it someplace to go.” Read more: Is
oral sex really sex? If all goes well, an incredible amount of
nerve and muscle tension will build-up in your private part, pelvis, buttocks,
and thighs until your body involuntarily releases it all at once in a series of
intensely pleasurable waves commonly known as an orgasm. THE CLITORIS IS QUEEN A lot of women orgasm from clitoral
stimulation. As long-term research by Elisabeth Lloyd suggests, only a quarter
of women climax from intercourse. This makes the clitoris important for sexual
pleasure. Read more: Sex
surrogate “Most women need direct clitoral
stimulation to experience orgasm. They don’t get it during intercourse because
the clitoris is located outside the private part. Intercourse simply does not
provide enough direct clitoral stimulation to allow most women to become
aroused enough to have orgasms,” she says. The clitoris has 8 000 nerve endings and
its only purpose is providing sexual pleasure either with masturbation or a
partner. OH LA LA! There’s a new pleasure zone and it's called
the O spot. It is situated far back in the private part behind the cervix
(lower end of the uterus). Read more: Why
you always feel like peeing during sex Author Yvonne K. Fulbright of Touch Me
There fame, says, “The anal walls are rich in nerve endings, so stimulating the
O-spot gives a woman a better sense of what might feel good on the other side
of the wall.” Try this position: Your partner lies on his
back with his feet stretched out while you get on top, facing him and
stretching your feet out. G IS FOR G-SPOT The G-spot gets its name from German
scientist, Ernst Gräfenberg, who reported in the 1950s that he had discovered a
particular sensitive spot inside the woman's private part. Further work by
Italian researchers in 2002 suggested that the G-spot is a pleasure zone as it
has sensitive nerves along the inner wall of the vagina. Find it: Don’t jump right in as you need to
be in the mood and aroused. Once you are, insert two fingers, with the palm
facing up. The rough feeling patch about 5cm in the private part, is the
G-spot. Try these positions: The doggy style, woman on top and modified doggy
style, which is when he enters you from behind while you lie on your stomach
and he lies on top of you. 