IF there is a club that iswell-administered in the PSL after Kaizer Chiefs, it’s SuperSport United. Not only because they fall under the banner of the Naspers Group, but their consistency in retaining staff is a behaviour of that many clubs can only admire. Evidence to their clean admin skills is club spokesperson David “Mazolman” Skosana, manager Coltrane Munyai, webmaster Lucas “Luka” Matlou and many others in the backroom staff. It’d be a waste of ink to compare them to other clubs like Chippa United. The Eastern Cape side is in a class of its own, and it will take decades before all is forgiven – depending on how long they keep Norman Mapeza. Reading an article from my colleague Charles Baloyi this week that Kaitano Tembo hasn’t signed a new contract with SuperSport got me worried. The Zim-born coach is one of those likeable coaches who would apologise to a mosquito for stinging him, rather than swat it. According to my colleague from Limpopo, when Tembo took over as caretaker coach at SuperSport after Stuart Baxter’s sudden departure, they were 14th in standings and facing relegation. But Tembo guided the team to steady waters and finished the season seventh on the log. This was reason enough for club CEO Stan Matthews to appoint him on a three-year contract, until June 2020. But surprisingly, he hasn’t yet started negotiating for a new contract, so it has been reported. But so loyal is Tembo that he has not shown any signs of anger or thrown his toys out of the cot. He has carried on with the business of the day. Losing to Stellenbosch and being kicked out of the Nedbank Cup shouldn’t be used as a yardstick to determine whether he stays or leaves. It’d clearly dent SuperSport’s clean management record. Tembo led the team to a sixth place finish in the league in his first full official season, and lost in the MTN8 final. In his second season, they won the MTN8 final and lifted the cup. But this time around he’s looking at a top three finish, which is still a possibility. Admittedly, the team is currently going through a temporary rough patch. My small brain under a thick skull, tells me Matthews has no choice but to renew Tembo’s contract. Like Pitso Mosimane at Mamelodi Sundowns, his contract will be renewed by his club, unless he wants to go himself.