FORMER Orlando Pirates assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena has spoken for the first time since he left the Buccaneers’ hot seat in December. SunSport tracked down the elusive Mokwena and found him at a friendly match at Vosloorus Stadium between his amateur club Black Poison FC and Blue Lions yesterday. He is coach and owner of Black Poison, a team that is campaigning in the ABC Motsepe League, the third tier of Mzansi football. Even though he is restricted not to talk about himself and Pirates, he has not lost the passion and was vigorously screaming instructions from the touchlines. “At the moment I cannot talk much about my situation at Pirates. I have to respect the club,” said Mokwena after yesterday’s session under the scorching sun. “We made an agreement with the club that we will not divulge more in the media until we finalise the matter. “What I can tell you is that I am not lost to coaching at all. I am coaching Black Poison FC in the interim. They are my team and they’re playing in the ABC Motsepe League, and I am training them. I am also doing my football studies in the meantime as well. “When I left my position at Pirates, I went overseas for some time. I spent two weeks there visiting clubs and studying football there. It was just visitations just to see how some overseas clubs operate. It was also to engage with some of my colleagues who are based in the UK.” The 33-year-old Mokwena mentioned that he misses the atmosphere of coaching in the PSL. “I miss the tension and the pressure of coaching in the PSL. I miss running up and down, the coaching in the PSL and I will be back in the near future. I am not sure when I am meeting the chairman, it is up to him, he is a very busy man and I am waiting for him. “But I love what I am doing right now in the ABC Motsepe League. We are second on the log, and we won 10 matches in succession.” “I love the Buccaneers and appreciate their love, support and care. They are concerned and their concern comes from a very good place their hearts and they mean well. I appreciate their well-wishes and they know that my blood is black and white.”