IT is a well-known
fact that Mzansi people are in love with bakkies. This is why PEUGEOT wants
a piece of the pie! Peugoet plans to bring
it’s very own bakkie, the Landtrek to Mzansi. According to the manufacturer,
the Landtrek offers record capacity of the body, the advanced modularity, the
comfort worthy of a saloon car. In addition to an
attractive style, the brand's specifications imposed a robust design so that
the new Landtrek is functional and enduring, while being well suited for
outdoor leisure activities. A workhorse single cab
version will be sold with or without a rear bumper and thus have a 180° opening
tailgate. Modern and attractive
style  The exterior design is
imposing with an assertive personality. It incorporates all the brand's current
codes, with a vertical grille featuring the Lion in the centre and also
vertical LED light signatures (depending on the version). The interior is adapted
to the One ton Pick-up segment with, in particular, a two-spoke steering wheel
echoing that of the Peugoet 3008 and a 10" HD screen at the top of the
dashboard inspired by that of the brand's flagship vehicle, the Peugoet 508. The style and construction
of the seats embody the codes of the brand's latest creations. A passenger cabin at
the highest level and a benchmark in on-board comfort Style and loading
capacity are not the only assets of the PEUGEOT LANDTREK. Great attention has
been paid to the passenger compartment, with many of the features found on the
other PEUGEOT models, to ensure that you can travel in peace and quiet in all
driving and loading conditions.  The modularity of the
rear bench seat is unique in the One-ton pick-up segment, with the possibility
of folding the backrest 60/40 or 100%. When folded down, the
backrests can support a load of up to 100kg. In addition, two isofix
attachments ensure the safety and stowage of child seats. At the front, there is
a choice between 2 independent seats with central armrest or a 3-seater
Multiflex bench seat. The latter is inspired
by the brand's expertise in commercial vehicles and offers the possibility of
folding down the central backrest to make room for an armrest/work table or to
load bulky objects weighing up to 75kg by folding down the central and the
passenger backrest.  With the size of the
body combined with that of the passenger compartment, you won’t forget anything
at the roadside! And the smallest objects will easily find their place on board
with the 27L of storage space. Connected and
Technological The Peugoet Landtrek has
latest-generation comfort equipment from the brand's SUVs, advanced
connectivity (USB / Bluetooth sockets), automatic dual-zone air conditioning,
10" HD touch screen compatible Apple CarPlay™ /Android Auto™ and 10 GB
hard drive.  Safety is ensured by 6
airbags and an ESP with the functions: •             Hill Descent Control, a system that
keeps the vehicle at a very low speed and allows you to concentrate solely on steering,
bringing control and safety in situations known to be anxiety provoking, •             ASR (enhanced traction) for 4x2 and
4x4 versions, •             Trailer Swing Control, to avoid
cold sweats when towing a trailer: ESP acts directly as soon as a weave occurs. Drivers can also rely
on Lane Departure Warning, an audible and visual lane departure warning. Like the other
vehicles of the Brand, the headlamps are worked in the top-of-the-range
versions with LED light signatures both at the front and at the rear. The vehicle can be
fitted with 1 to 4 cameras to facilitate manoeuvring both in town and on the
road. The off-road camera (in the passenger rear-view mirror) and 360° vision support
the driver when negotiating obstacles or narrow trails. In addition, they can
be set to automatically activate when obstacles are detected. Suitable for all uses
and all terrains Whatever your use is:
City, road, motorway or rough terrain, the new Peugeot LANDTREK has a range of
engines adapted to your needs: •             Diesel : 1.9L displacement and 150
hp thanks to a variable geometry 16-valve turbocharger. Its torque of 350 Nm
and 6-speed Getrag manual gearbox . It has chain timing to optimize maintenance
costs. Roller rocker arms reduce noise, have higher speeds and less friction
for less wear. This engine has a combined fuel consumption of 7.8L/100kms, •             Petrol : turbocharged with 2.4L
displacement and a comfortable power output of 210 hp and 320 Nm of torque
combined with a 6-speed Getrag manual gearbox or a 6-speed Punch automatic
gearbox with sequential, Sport or Eco modes. Both engines can be
combined with a Getrag mechanical gearbox or a 6-speed Punch automatic gearbox
with sequential, Sport or Eco modes. 