MAMELODI Sundowns’ win over Chippa United is keeping the league title dash very interesting in this last third of the race. They spanked The Chilli Boys 3-0 on Saturday. Downs are now sitting number two on the log table. They have overtaken Orlando Pirates who will play their weekend’s fixture only today against Black Leopards. Sundowns 38 points after 19 matches while the Buccaneers are occupying the third spot with 36 points. Downs did not raise a sweat when they registered three more points that will put pressure on log-leaders Kaizer Chiefs. They spanked The Chilli Boys 3-0 under scorching conditions at the Loftus Stadium. In fact, they were eager to wrap up the occasion when they opened the scoring as early as the second minute. Fans and supporters had not even taken their seats up and coming player Nicholas Likhubeni gave the Brazilians the lead. Likhubeni was nominated as Man of the Match after the game. The thin and lean midfielder started his amazing solo run his own half. He zig-zagged past a tribe of Chippa United players who just marshalled him towards their goal area before unleashing a grass-cutter that gave goalkeeper Veli Mothwa no chance. Pitso Mosimane’s charges looked very threatening whenever they were in possession. Lebo Maboe, who is struggling with his form, came close to increasing the lead but his bazooka from long-range missed the poles by inches. Maboe was later substituted in the second half. Chippa grabbed almost grabbed the lifeline when Silas Maziya’ cross-cum-shot hit the upright, catching Denis Onyango in a snooze. The Ugandan international was relieved when the ball bounced back into play and safety. Sundowns came back from the break with the intention of killing the game. They put pressure on the Chippa defence and it was by no mistake when Sandile Mthethwa was forced into causing a penalty. He was later red-carded by the referee. Themba “Mshishi” Zwane slotted home from the spot kick to double the lead.  Sundowns put more gas on the accelerator when they increased their tally, putting the final nail on the coffin. Gatron Sirino took advantage of lethargic Chippa defence after cheating the off-side trap, he unselfishly rolled the ball towards Sibusiso Villa who finished with a tap in. Downs are now sitting number two on the log table. They have overtaken Orlando Pirates who will play their weekend’s fixture only today against Black Leopards. Sundowns 38 points after 19 matches while the Buccaneers are occupying the third spot with 36 points.