PITSO Mosimane enjoyed the biggest cheer and felt the rare warmth from the feisty Wydad Casablanca fans last month. At home tomorrow, though, the Mamelodi Sundowns coach will expect to hear the usual thousand-strong force of thunder-clapping, singing and cheering from the “Yellow Nation” when they host Wydad in their last group C Caf Champions League fixture at Lucas Moripe Stadium. The warm reception and camaraderie Mosimane enjoyed at the Mohammed V Stadium, was completely a new experience for him. “You see how Wydad fans fill the stadium and the noise they make,” said Mosimane. “They sang for us‚ they gave us a standing ovation. “They chanted my name. It was humbling. “We need to show as the Yellow Nation that we are capable of doing the same. That is the challenge to my people.” There will be less time for pleasantries tomorrow as the rivals renew hostilities, chasing the crucial top spot in group C. Sundowns are top of the group with 11 points, only two ahead of second-placed Wydad after five matches. Though the two group favourites have already gained passage into the quarter-finals, the fixture still holds significance. No one wants to draw the likes of Egyptian giants Al Ahly, TP Mazembe or Esperance in the last eight round. “There is a lot of pride at stake‚ bragging rights. But more importantly who finishes first in the group,” explained Mosimane. “You finish first because you want to avoid playing the number one in the other groups‚ the Esperances and TP Mazembes. That is what we will be fighting for. “This is a big game that you don’t have to psyche the players up for. There is pride at stake. The players want to play in this game. It’s a game that our supporters want to see‚ a game the continent is waiting for it. “It is a game that they will be watching‚ not just in Morocco‚ but also in Egypt and Tunisia.” The PSL champions have battled to get the better of Wydad away from home. But in Tshwane they have been great shakes, recording two wins out of nine matches overall. With a team containing a fully-fit Gaston Sirino, on-form Andile Jali and captain fantastic Hlompho Kekana, Sundowns will be confident of another famous victory.