WHILE Mamelodi Sundowns are queuing up for Maritzburg United goalkeeper Richard Ofori, Orlando Pirates have leaped ahead, yet again. Pirates have cleverly given Maritzburg something to think about after loaning out midfielder Tebogo Tlolane to the Team of Choice during the January transfer window. This is set to form part of the deal when Pirates come for Ofori at the end of the season, as Maritzburg have inserted an option to buy Tlolane permanently at the end of the season. It might not only be Ofori who will join Pirates ahead of the next season. Bucs are also monitoring rising defender Rushine De Reuck, who has been outstanding in this campaign for Maritzburg. “Pirates are worried about their goalkeeping department as Wayne Sandilands is not getting any younger. This is why Pirates have loaned out Tlolane to Maritzburg because they want Ofori,” said an insider. Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane told SunSport in December that he was looking for Denis Onyango’s replacement. Onyango is now 34 years old. Onyango’s deputy Kennedy Mweene is 35 and can’t be deemed as replacement for the Ugandan. At first, Mosimane said he was interested in Itumeleng Khune, but has been put off by the South Africa’s number one injury problems. The whole of last year, Khune played only two matches, finishing one of them. This is not the first time Pirates have won a race against Sundowns regarding Maritzburg players. They captured Siphesihle Ndlovu and Fortune Makaringe when Sundowns were interested. At that time, Pirates swiftly acted by loaning out Thabiso Kutumela to Maritzburg around this time of the year. And, at the end of the season, Maritzburg signed Kutumela permanently. But Maritzburg chairperson Farook Kadodia denied this, saying: “I’m sorry, Ofori isn’t going anywhere. He’s not going anywhere.” While it’s kept under wraps and Kadodia is not willing to confirm, Tinkler was delighted to snap up Tlolane, with whom he worked at Chippa United in his short stint last season. “When the move came about, we were looking to strengthen a certain area (left back). I’ve worked with him at Chippa,” said Tinkler about Tlolane, who only played nine minutes for Pirates. “I like him because of his versatility. He can play in a number of positions. It makes sense to bring him here.”