At least 5 000 residents of Merafong in the West Rand, Gauteng, embarked on a shutdown on Wednesday to protest ongoing water and electricity issues in the area.  The executive mayor, Maphefo Mogale-Letsie, is at the centre of their grievances, having allegedly invested in VBS Mutual Bank. The community is calling for her to step down.  The deputy secretary of the South African National Civics Organisation, Sipho Dlamini, told News24 protests have been ongoing since 2011.  "This was a service delivery protest because we don't have electricity for a month now and there hasn't been a drop of water in our taps for almost nine months.  READ |  PIC wins court bid to have two former VBS directors declared delinquent  "We are also raising the issue of the executive mayor investing illegally in VBS Bank," Dlamini explained.  He said this money could have instead been used to solve service delivery problems in the area.  According to Dlamini, the ANC's provincial leadership have "honoured the call to come and listen to the people of Merafong".  Residents handed over a memorandum to the leadership who is planning a sitting on February 9 and a response by February 10.  According to Dlamini, the provincial leadership also conceded it was wrong for Mogale-Letsie to invest in VBS.  'Service delivery has declined'  "We started this in 2011, asking her to step down because since she got into that office service delivery has declined.  "Out of the blue today after the protests, the electricity has come back on as well as the water," Dlamini said.  However, residents are still calling for Mogale-Letsie's head.  "Now, we are allowing the provincial leadership of the ANC to decide the future of the executive mayor, we are giving them the benefit of the doubt until they sit on Sunday.  "After that, if they don't remove her, we are going to embark on a total shutdown, the community will make this area of the West Rand ungovernable," Dlamini said.  But the Merafong City Local Municipality maintained the matter of the executive mayor's investment in VBS Bank had been investigated and the recommendation resulting from this have been implemented.  'Free services'  "The fact remains that there are communities in Merafong that are not paying for the services that are consumed by them. This is one of the main drivers of the financial difficulties and cash flow problems experienced by the municipality.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/call-for-mayors-head-over-vbs-scandal-water-and-electricity-issues-20200206   