STRUGGLING AmaZulu have suspended five players! In a dramatic turn of events following their 4-1 loss to Bloemfontein Celtic in the first round of the Nedbank Cup at the weekend, Usuthu axed Michael Morton, Nhlanhla Vilakazi, Jabulani Ncobeni, Lehlohonolo Majoro and Thembela Sikhakhane indefinitely stating that the five have not added value to the team this season. There are also allegations that the players concerned had also created a bad atmosphere in the dressing room and that was one of the reasons the club acted and stopped them from training. None of the five were at the club’s morning session in Durban yesterday. The club stressed the players won’t be considered for selection for Saturday’s Absa Premiership Durban derby against Golden Arrows at the Kings Park Stadium (8.15pm). Usuthu are second from bottom of the Absa Premiership with 20 points from 21 games. It seems that it never rains but pours for relegation threatened Usuthu this season with one set back after another. Usuthu head coach Jozef Vukusic confirmed the players were not in his plans but when asked when or if they will return to the squad he said: “I don’t know how long they will be out.” However, Arrows are also licking their own wounds. Abafana Bes’thende were dumped out in the first round of the cup at the hands of amateur side Vaal University of Technology. The Durban-based side embarrassingly lost 5-4 in a penalty shootout against the SAB League side after the game ended 2-2 after extra time at Dobsonville Stadium on Saturday. This was a heartbreaking defeat for Arrows, who reached the semifnal last season and were beaten by eventual winners TS Galaxy. Abafana Bes’thende captain Matome Mathiane says they’ll have to bounce back from that loss and will show Usuthu no mercy. “We come from a very big set back against Vaal University and AmaZulu are also coming back from a loss against Celtic,” said Mathiane. Arrows will be boosted by the return of Knox Mutizwa, Lerato Lamola, Nkosinathi Sibisi, Ntsako Makhubela and Siyabonga Dube, who were all suspended for the Vaal clash. Mathiane added: “Its going to be tough game. We are fighting to finish in the top eight. And playing AmaZulu is not going to be easy because they have nothing to lose as they are fighting for their lives. But we will make sure that we win the game.” 