KELLY Khumalo has labelled Mhlo Gumede, her brother-in-law, a scammer! She was responding to claims that she was booked to perform at Gesh Lounge and Entertainment in Empangeni, KZN, through Mhlo Gumede. When asked, Kelly said this was Mhlo’s scam and she didn’t want to be involved. “I know nothing about the gig you’re talking about. Mhlo is my sister’s husband, not my booking agent. I ask that you don’t involve me in Mhlo’s scamming business. I suggest you follow up with him,” she said. The Asine hitmaker sent out a media statement on Instagram about the event stating that her company, Kelly Khumalo Entertainment, never received a booking inquiry from Gesh Lounge. “We have no knowledge of whether the accused, Mhlo Gumede, used Kelly Khumalo’s name for his benefit or not,” part of the statement read.  With all due respect, Mhlo Gumede is my sisters husband And manager NOT my bookings manager nor part of my team,never was and never will be, so what ever dealings you may have with him Do NOT involve me. Thank you. For bookings contact idealpat@gmail.com @pat_magodzho ?? A post shared by  Kelly Khumalo (@kellykhumaloza) on Feb 5, 2020 at 7:32am PST  The event was supposed to take place on 16 November. On Wednesday, events organiser and owner of Gesh Lounge and Entertainment Bhekani Ndlovu told how Mhlo used the Khumalo siblings. He said he was approached by Mhlo promising to bring Kelly and Vusi Nova to his venue. Bhekani said Mhlo had promised to bring both artists at a price of R17 000. “I realised something was wrong when Mhlo told me not to post anything about the event. I asked someone to check with Kelly if she was aware of the event. “To my surprise, Kelly had no knowledge of it.” Bhekani said he would approach the small claims court. “Mhlo is still not taking my calls.” Mhlo said there were bigger issues behind this and Bhekani could go to small claims court if he wanted. “What I can tell you is that Kelly is jealous of my wife’s success. She wants her to live under her shadow. “As a husband and her manager I’ve got to protect my wife. “I’ve also made my mistakes and I paid a price for them. “But right now, both my wife myself want nothing to do with Kelly until she sorts herself out. When Kelly was asked about Mhlo's allegations she responded by saying,"That’s fine, even Joseph was sold by his own brothers." 