IT WILL take a disaster of great proportions for Kaizer Chiefs not to claim the league championship. Not only are Amakhosi in pole position in the league race, they are also in fine form to saunter to the finish line unhindered. This is the view shared by many in the football public, including Pitso Mosimane. The outspoken Sundowns coach could well be lulling his opponents into a sense of supremacy with his usual mind games, insisting the league title was for Chiefs to lose. The Glamour Boys are top of the standing on 45 points after 19 games. Downs are third on 35 points, albeit with a game in hand. They can leapfrog second-placed Orlando Pirates, should they win their home fixture against Chippa United, who they host at Loftus tomorrow (3.30pm). “It has never been in our hands. I mean after three games, these guys (Chiefs) took off in another direction,” explained Mosimane. “They ran with the league and there’s little we can do. It’s unbelievable. We are doing what are supposed to do. But these guys are not dropping any points. As Pep (Guardiola) would say, it’s for them (Liverpool) to lose it. “We’re just the chasers. Probably they’ll drop points. You’ll never know. “You see, the challenge comes when you start to let go and they (Chiefs) probably start dropping points, and you say ‘Ey, I can’t start collecting points again’. “Remember there’s also a threat from Wits too. Mathematically they have a chance. If we think we can win, they should also believe they can win it, why not?” Though they are reeling from the injury-enforced loss of Thapelo Morena, the Brazilians have the mesmeric Themba Zwane fully fit. But he too also admitted they face a mammoth task in as far as winning the league is concerned. “We are prioritising the competitions we are in, including the league,” Zwane said. “Yes, it is a huge challenge. But as Sundowns we are used to these challenges. We are up for it.” The Bafana Bafana attacking midfielder has netted four league goals, but his current form suggests he could add a few more in the remaining 11 matches, starting with the Chilli Boys tomorrow.