BIC, a world leader in Stationery,
Lighters, and Shavers, named ‘Black Lion’ a half-man, half-lion portrait by
artist Fatiou Aboudou as the winner of its 2019 BIC Art Master Africa
Competition. The original piece took 250 hours to complete and was drawn using
only black BIC Cristal® Medium ballpoint pens.  The BIC Art Master competition was first
held in South Africa in 2017 and following its success, it expanded to include
all of Africa in 2019. The creative artwork was chosen from 5,242 entries
submitted by more than 2,400 artists from 47 African countries on the
competition’s dedicated website BICArtMaster.com.  ‘Black Lion’ was chosen for its
creativity and originality by a panel of experts and is set to become part of
‘La Collection BIC’, the company’s official art collection. Aboudou was awarded
the grand prize of $1,000 USD and a personalized gallery to showcase his
artwork. In addition to Aboudou, Kansiime Brian emerged as the contest’s
People’s Choice winner, chosen by online voters for his piece
titled ‘Life’, which depicts the true definition of a young girl’s
happiness. Brian received $500 USD and a BIC Artistry Kit.   Commenting on the success of the
competition, Peter Van den Broeck, General Manager, Middle East and Africa
said, “Africa is undoubtedly rich in inspiration, talent, and creativity. We
were very impressed with the submissions we received and the beautiful work
that was produced using only BIC’s ballpoint pens. BIC has a longstanding
history with art, and we are proud to have established a platform that helps
recognize and shed a stronger light on artistic talent in Africa. We thank all
the talented artists who took part in the 2019 BIC Art Master Africa
competition as well as all the fans who voted for their favourite artwork.”   BIC’s connection to art
spans more than 60 years. The brand regularly celebrates the creativity and
originality of artists who find great inspiration in creating masterpieces
using BIC’s Stationery, Lighters, and Shavers products. In 2018, BIC hosted the
first of its kind exhibition with 150 works of art by 80 international artists.
The collection, which started in the late nineties at an exhibition in Italy
devoted to the life story of Marcel Bich today consists of more than 250 works
by internationally recognized or upcoming artists. In addition, BIC has a
number of established partnerships with art institutes around the world and has
its products displayed in a number of renowned museums around the world.