Two more leaners from Gauteng schools have died. A grade 5 girl learner from Diepsloot Primary School in
Diepsloot died yesterday when she was allegedly hit by lightning. It is alleged that the said girl learner was struck by
lightning while walking home with fellow learners from school in the afternoon. In another incident, a grade 3 Boy learner died in his
sleep The learner is from Zenzeleni Primary School in Alexandra. He peacefully died in his sleep at home after a short
illness. The department of Education has said that their Psycho
Social team will, on Monday, visit all schools for necessary support and counselling. “We wish to send our heartfelt condolences to both families,
friends and the school community, during this time of grief. Indeed, this is
emotionally draining, however, we will soldier on” said Gauteng Education MEC Panyaza
Lesufi. Meanwhile, about sixteen (16) learners from Vusisizwe
Primary School in Zola, Soweto were rushed to Clinic after eating ‘expired
sweets’ yesterday. The learners were rushed to Zola Clinic, where they were
treated, after feeling sick from consuming sweets bought from a vendor at
school. All learners were medically attended to and later
discharged. In a separate incident, a leaner was harmed by a swing while
playing A grade 2 girl learner fell from the swing while playing at
Lyndhurst Primary School. She was taken to Charlotte Maxeke Academic Hospital,
medically attended to and discharged. “She is recovering at home, we wish her speedy recovery,”
said the Department of Education. Lesufi was that he is terrified to witness two video
footages of learners from Randfontein Secondary School and Wendywood High
School who are seen fighting badly at schools. In a footage from Randfontein a learner is seen kicked badly
while helplessly lying down on the ground. “Our Officials will on Monday, visit both schools to
investigate circumstances surrounding these despicable incidents and necessary
decisive action will be taken accordingly. We will not tolerate such I’ll
discipline in our environment,” said Panyaza.