THE continent’s vultures are circling around Pitso Mosimane, looking to pounce on the astute Mamelodi Sundowns coach. Mosimane is yet to renew his contract with the Brazilians and it seems he’s not short of suitors as Al Ahly are interested in thefour-time league-winner. SunSport can also reveal that Sundowns have quietly started a process of finding Mosimane’s replacement, casting their net wide for a suitable successor, in the event he leaves. They’re even looking as far as Europe, but the club wouldn’t confirm this. Mosimane’s contract expires at the end of the season, and despite reported willingness on the part of the club to tie him down to a new long-term deal, no progress has been made on protracted talks. The developments have raised the interest of the Egyptians, as well as that of an unnamed team in Morocco, in the former Bafana Bafana trainer. According to an insider, Ahly are looking to replace incumbent Rene Weiler with Mosimane and have given the Swiss an ultimatum to win the Egyptian Super Cup. They meet rivals Zamalek in the final on 20 February. “Ahly have made contact and I can tell representatives from both parties have already met over a potential deal to recruit Mosimane. They’re due to meet again,” said the source. “Al Ahly have had him in their list, but couldn’t lure him due into long-term contracts. “The current situation presents a better chance to finally secure him. Mosimane is keen to continue at Sundowns, but it’s all up to the club. “There’s a lot of uncertainty. And the next three weeks will be crucial as Ahly are also advancing their talks.” Mosimane, who has delivered nine major trophies, including the Caf Champions League, wouldn’t be drawn on the interest from Ahly. He has rebuffed reports that he was holding out on contract talks with Sundowns for better terms, insisting principle was at the heart of the drawn-out negotiations. He has also shown willingness to extend his seven-year stay at the club. Said Mosimane: “It’s not about money, it’s all about principles that we need to agree on. And I’m a man of principles.” The 55-year-old is arguably the most successful coach in the history of the club, having achieved remarkable success since his arrival in 2012. He has led the Yellow Nation to four league championships and delivered further three knockout titles. His biggest success, though, has been on the continent where he has consistently challenged for honours, securing the team a spot in the Fifa Club World Cup through victory in the Champions League. Sundowns are currently in contention for their 10th PSL title and are in the quarterfinals in the Champions League.