 A
30-year-old woman is demanding R1m from Police Minister Bheki Cele and Deputy
Finance Minister David Masondo for what she argues was her unlawful arrest and
detention. The woman
was arrested in August after Masondo opened a case of extortion against her. The woman's
attorneys had a legal notice served on Cele last Friday after the Gauteng
director of public prosecutions (DPP) decided not to prosecute her. The DPP's
decision finally came last month, five months after her dramatic arrest and
weekend in jail. The notice
stated: "We are instructed… to demand from the minister of police and
David Masondo… the amount of R1 000 000 (one million rand) in damages in
consequences of our client's unlawful arrest and detention at the hands of
Masondo and the South African Police Service." Brigadier
Mathapelo Peters, Cele's spokesperson, said on Tuesday that the police minister
was not yet aware of the woman's legal demand. Masondo's
spokesperson, JP Louw, said: "The said notice has been sent to Dr Masondo
and will be responded to by his lawyers. As it's a legal matter potentially
requiring court process, we will not engage its contents through the media. AmaBhungane
reported in September her accusation that the deputy minister used his
influence and state resources to settle a personal score with the woman, his
ex-mistress, by having her arrested for allegedly demanding a R300 000 bribe. She was
arrested in a sting operation carried out by the Hawks on Saturday, August 17,
when she accepted a bag of cash from men she understood were representing
Masondo but were actually undercover police officers. The woman
denied the money was a bribe. AmaBhungane reported that WhatsApp messages
between the two suggested it was Masondo, 44, who first offered money because
he "wanted peace" and to stop the fighting between them over an
abortion he had procured for her. Earlier,
Gauteng National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson Phindi Mjonondwane confirmed
in an email: "After careful consideration and evaluation of evidence
contained in the docket, there were no prospects of a successful
prosecution." Mjonondwane
said the DPP also declined to prosecute Masondo on the counter-charges the
woman laid against him. The woman
told amaBhungane she was relieved about the decision but would not let the
matter rest. "I
have endured hell from David Masondo who… framed me for a crime I did not
commit," she said. In his
response, Masondo's spokesperson said the woman's "claims are based on
complaints she submitted to the NPA and following an independent investigation,
was dismissed. It seems the hope is to reopen a concluded investigation through
application of pressure through the media with the specific objective of making
easy money… "What
pressurised Dr Masondo to pursue legal action against [the woman] was primarily
her repeated harassment [of Masondo and his family]." The woman
was still waiting for the outcome of a complaint she laid with the Health
Professions Council of South Africa related to her claim that she was pressured
into terminating her pregnancy. Although
the DPP decision closes one chapter of the saga, there were still more
questions than answers, such as exactly how Masondo managed to trigger a Hawks
sting operation. The Hawks,
formally the Directorate for Priority Crime Investigations, is mandated to
target "serious organised crime, serious commercial crime and serious
corruption". The woman
claimed at least eight police officers were involved in her case – four during
her arrest and four others at the police station to interview her. Hawks
spokesperson Captain Ndivhuwo Mulamu would not comment on the decision not to
charge the woman. Gender
activists The arrest
also caught the attention of gender activists who wrote a letter to President
Cyril Ramaphosa in October asking him to set up an inquiry into Masondo's
conduct. Gender
activist and academic Lisa Vetten and Sanja Bornman of Lawyers for Human
Rights, among others, co-signed the letter. Vetten said
so far there had not been any update from Ramaphosa's office, although his
special adviser, Olive Shisana, had acknowledged receipt of the letter.
"We spoke over the phone, she wanted more details about the case." She called
on Ramaphosa to have a separate inquiry as this case involved a minister
allegedly using his title and state resources to settle a personal spat. "This
is a work-related issue (about a minister's conduct) and should be separate
from the criminal investigation," Vetten told amaBhungane. The
activists' letter also stated: "Given the tardiness of the investigation,
coupled with what appears to be an unauthorised sting operation and arrest,
there is strong reason to suspect that this matter represents the abuse of
state power, rather than extortion and corruption "If
this is the case, then the deployment of state resources and force by a male
political leader against his former female companion must be understood as a
form of intimate partner violence, rendering Ms X's arrest and detention a
profoundly gendered abuse of power." Vetten said
the scandal highlighted the importance of understanding gendered power base and
domestic violence. She added
that she was aware of social media posts that appeared to aim to shift the
focus and portray the woman as a gold digger and homewrecker. "This
is typically what you see in rape cases, where the focus is on the character,
not the facts and circumstances of the matter." Louw,
Masondo's spokesperson, appeared to have taken the same approach. He told
amaBhungane: "The attitude and behaviour of [the woman] has demonstrated
to be a trend with countless victims around the country. Some members of the
public who have suffered under her torment have also come forward on social
media to share their miseries which were meted out by her." However,
Louw did not give details about these alleged victims or their actual claims.
He said: "The concerned persons are not related to Dr Masondo in a manner
which allows him to speak on their behalf." Louw
appears to have referenced a sexual abuse case the woman had laid in 2014
against a Unisa professor which is currently heading for court. While the
matter is unresolved, the facts of the case suggest that, far from supporting
Louw's allegations, they tend to show that the woman is a repeat victim of
systemic institutional abuse. SOURCE:
NEWS24 