FORMER International Boxing Organisation (IBO) welterweight champion Thulani “Tulz Evolution” Mbenge will be out to silence “loud mouth” Mardochee Kuvesa Katembo when the pair clash next month. Mbenge is scheduled to make his ring return after he surrendered his IBO welterweight crown to Sebastian Formella in Germany, last July. He will be opposing the SA based Congolese fighter for the Africa Boxing Union crown at Riveira On The Vaal Hotel on 28 March. Since TLB Promotions announced the clash between the two African welterweight gladiators, the across-town rivals have been trading verbal punches. Katembo’s manager Patrick Bonyeme has been trash-talking the former world champion. In response Mbenge’s trainer Sean Smith said they will knockout Katembo to teach his camp respect. “We don’t disrespect our opponents, this Bonyeme guy has gone too far. He has been saying bad stuff about my fighter and they will pay for that. Mbenge will knock that bum out to teach his manager respect and make an example of what we do with people who infuriate us,” said Smith. “My boy is in a great shape and ready to return to his winning ways. After a long break Mbenge will shake off the cobwebs with a victory against Katembo and go back to campaign internationally. We have offers to fight overseas but we could not jump as we needed a victory,” he said. However, Bonyeme stuck to his guns saying that the Mdantsane-born boxer is overrated and come fight day they will expose his weaknesses. “We have been watching Mbenge fighting for the past two years, he has been repeating the same mistakes. Katembo is much too strong for him and we will expose him,” said a confident Bonyeme. “Katembo is going to beat him hands down, we have met much stronger guys than Mbenge and there is no way they can beat us with pillow punches. His trainer is looking for revenge after he lost to us last year, he can’t get it because in our stable we have strong boxers. I know Mbenge is still young but we will send him straight to retirement,” added Bonyeme. Irrespective of who wins, boxing is going to be the winner if the two fighters live up to expectations. Meanwhile, the South African fighter goes into this contest with more titles to his name compared with Katembo. Mbenge, who will be looking to reclaim the ABU belt is also a former SA and the WBC International champion. His opponent has yet to win a title.