JOBS are scarce and desperate people rarely realise that they’re being conned. And that’s the case for a 40-year-old job-seeking woman from Molapo, Soweto. She saw a job advert for hospital kitchen staff at Charlotte Maxeke Hospital in Joburg, and called the number on the flyer. READ: IDOLS WINNER BACKS ARTISTS’ FIGHT OVER FUNDING She was then called by her “inside contact” to come to the hospital for an “interview”. When she got there she was told she had to pay R3 400 for the job, which she did. But the contact would not let her into the so-called interview room. “I was told the big bosses were in the room and that I didn’t have a uniform yet. So my contact asked me to cough up R1 500 for the uniform,” she said. When she explained that she didn’t have the R1 500, she was told to go home and come back on Wednesday, which she did. “The contact told me the amount of money I was paying to get the job was nothing compared the R16 000 salary I’d be getting,” she said. “So, he said I should come back on Wednesday, which I did.” But when she returned, she went straight to the HR department. “When I got there, I told them who I had come to see and they told me there was no such person in their department and that they didn’t have any interviews lined up.” The woman’s biggest worry is that she had borrowed the money from a mashonisa, and that she had not told her boyfriend. “I owe two people money and I don’t know how I’m going to repay it,” she said. I thought I’d be working but things took a different turn,” she said. READ: SOMIZI SENDS HEARTFELT MESSAGE TO MOHALE One of the HR officials at the hospital staff said the woman was not the first to be scammed. “Some come from as far as North West claiming to have been called for interviews and we struggle to help them because we know nothing about it,” he said. Health spokesman Philani Mhlungu said people who were scammed should reportsuch matters to the police. People need to understand it’s not a joke when they are told not to pay for jobs, it’s actually fraud. “For credible jobs, people need to log onto the Department of Public Service and Administration website or the website of the department they’re applying for a job at,” he said.