The Bassline Live Series kicks off in 2020 with one of South Africa’s favorite acts, Lira. Book your seat right now to watch this amazing performer at The Lyric Theatre, Gold Reef City on Saturday the 7th of March. Tickets are from R250 at Computicket.  This show will allow you to get up close and personal as Lira takes you through your favorite hits from her 6 album deep catalog. Of course, there will also be some surprises from the coach and mentor on the reality show The Voice who has recently been exploring career possibilities and recording in The United States of America. Enjoy this dynamic performer whilst she is home, as she is spending more and more time abroad, "I'm steadily building a career in the US. My ultimate dream is to win a Grammy, and having experienced my first Grammy ceremonies, I feel like the dream is attainable.  I’m writing new music constantly and I’m working with some of California’s best producers. I look forward to sharing some of the new music with SA. People can expect their favorites, with some additions to songs they don’t usually hear. Be prepared to be inspired and to have a wonderful and memorable time!” Singer, Songwriter, Actress, Model, Entrepreneur and Author Lira, whose music career spans 16 years and includes six studio albums, 3 live DVDs, an autobiography, a 7-part documentary TV series and a full feature movie; has established herself as one of the foremost female artists in South Africa and a formidable presence on the global music scene. Don’t miss this one night affair with Lira and her 6 piece band, performing songs from all her albums, including her latest Born Free and sharing with the audience her trials, tribulations and most especially her many celebrations. The Bassline Live Series has grown in popularity over the past few years and is host to the cream of the crop artists such as the late Zimbabwean legend Oliver ‘Tuku’ Mtukudzi, Thandiswa Mazwai, The Soil, living legend Tsepo Tshola and Simphiwe Dana’s Annual Congregation. Tickets to this intimate evening of music start from R250 and are available via Computicket. The show is brought to you by Radio 2000 in partnership with The Bassline Live Series. Ticket link https://tickets.computicket.com/event/bassline_presents_lira_live_at_the_lyric_theatre/7138004/7138058/14848 Doors open at 7:30pm. Show starts at 8:30pm. Get your annual dose of exquisite music at the Lyric Theater at Gold Reef City on March 7th! #BasslineLive is back and tickers are already available @computicket See you there! ?? ?? A post shared by  @Miss_Lira Loves Life (@miss_lira) on Feb 10, 2020 at 11:38pm PST 