THE South African Players Union president Thulaganyo Gaoshubelwe has welcomed Fifa’s resoluion to launch global fund for player salary protection. Fifa and Fifpro, the World Players’ Union, yesterday reached an agreement to establish the FIFA Fund for Football Players (Fifa FFP). This aims to provide financial support to players who have not been paid and have no chance of duly receiving salaries agreed upon with their clubs. Fifa has set aside about R240 million for the fund up to 2022, with this allocation to be divided as follows: About R45m in 2020, about R60m in 2021 and about R45m in 2022. There’s be an additional R74m set aside for the retroactive protection of players’ salaries for the period between July 2015 and June this year. In 2019, Fifa revised its Disciplinary Code, wherein it bolstered the framework for dealing with the non-payment of players’ wages, particularly new clubs formed with the prime aim of avoiding paying players their overdue salaries. The agreement will come into effect on 1 July. The latest case in point is of PSL side AmaZulu who failed to pay Namibian player Phineas Nambandi his dues, and were docked six points by Fifa after finding them guilty of unlawfully terminating his contract. Yesterday Gaoshubelwe said they are excited as they too initiated the matter at this level since they are members of Fifpro. “I am happy that our issue has finally been heard,” Gaoshubelwe said. “When a club is liquidated players lose their salaries and their case takes longer to be resolved, and when they finally win the case there is nowhere to recoup their monies. “Even though they won’t be able to get their full amount, this is the start in the right direction.” Fifa president Gianni Infantino said: “This agreement and our commitment to helping players in a difficult situation shows how we interpret our role as world football’s governing body. We are also here to reach out to those in need, especially within the football community, and that starts with the players, who are the key figures in our game.” Fifpro president Philippe Piat said more than 50 clubs in 20 countries have shut in the last five years, “plunging hundreds of footballers into uncertainty and hardship. “This fund will provide valuable support to those players and families most in need,” he said. 