The learner who allegedly stabbed a 14-year-old Freedom Park Secondary School learner l to death on Thursday, is on the run.  Gauteng Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi announced on Friday that the learner, who was in Grade 10, was allegedly stabbed by another Grade 10 learner after school, near their homes. “The suspect is on the run. Police are investigating circumstances surrounding the matter,” Lesufi said. “We take this time to send our heartfelt condolences to the family, friends and the school community, during this time of grief. No words are enough to express our sorrow at a loss of a child. We hope that the family will find comfort in the knowledge that we too share their loss.” “We strongly condemn any acts of learner misconduct and relentlessly appeal to parents in assisting to enforce discipline in and outside the school environment.” This brings to 16 the number of pupils who died at Gauteng schools this year. Teacher assault In a separate incident, Lesufi has dispatched a team of officials to investigate an alleged assault of a learner by a teacher at Modiri Secondary School in Ga-Rankuwa. The incident, which was caught on camera allegedly shows the teacher assaulting the learners in a classroom. “We have sent our officials at school to investigate circumstances surrounding this sad incident and as such necessary decisive action will be taken accordingly.” “I am horrified by the images on the video footage and would like to remind all teachers that corporal punishment is outlawed by the Constitution and the South African Schools Act. Educators have been trained in alternative methods of discipline which ought to be applied in schools.” The MEC said corporal punishment has been outlawed at schools and that the teachers will face disciplinary action if they continue to administer corporal punishment. Learners hospitalised for eating ‘space cakes’ Lesufi also revealed that 39 learners from Lofentse Girls Secondary School in Soweto were hospitalised on Thursday after eating “poisoned cakes.” “The learners were taken to hospitals after they complained about stomach pains while others were vomiting. They were then transported to hospitals where they were seen and later discharged,” Lesufi said. By Friday, 12 learners will still under observation in hospital. “We wish them a speedy recovery and hope they will resume with their studies soonest.” 