Academic programmes at the
University of Fort Hare's Alice campus have been disrupted as students raise
multiple concerns following a difficult two weeks at the institution, with
student safety in the spotlight. The university's director
of institutional advancement, Tandi Mapukata, said disruptions had taken place
on the campus on Tuesday morning. "I have just learnt
with shock that there are disruptions in Alice. This is highly
regrettable." Security services have
been deployed to ensure calm and stability, and that the academic programme
proceeds as scheduled," Mapukata told News24. The decision to protest
took place following a mass meeting on Monday evening, DispatchLive reported. An SRC statement said it
wanted Vice-Chancellor Professor Sakhela Buhlungu to honour agreements reached
by the South African Union of Students and Higher Education Minister Blade
Nzimande, the report said. The protests follow
several attacks on students in the past two weeks. A student was stabbed on
Saturday, two weeks after his friend, also a student, was murdered on February
8. According to the university
statement, most of these incidents have taken place off-campus but the impact
on victims and the university community was no less profound. Buhlungu said the safety
and security of students was one of the key areas in the turnaround and
performance improvement plan the administrator had drafted with management to
address the challenges at the university."… Management will deliberate on
more effective strategies for building community, improving physical safety and
security, and raising awareness of and doing advocacy work on the devastating
effects of violence, including gender-based violence," he said. Eastern Cape Premier Oscar
Mabuyane, meanwhile, blasted Buhlungu for "relaxing" while the crisis
of violence escalates at one of Africa's most respected universities, reported
DispatchLive.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/fort-hares-alice-campus-academic-programme-disrupted-following-protests-20200225