IT seemed appropriate for recognised Pietermaritzburg residents to grab the honours in the inaugural run of the Capital City Marathon at an overcast and breezy Msunduzi Athletics Stadium in Pelham yesterday. Some 5 000 athletes from around the province had excitely gathered at the City Hall start for different reasons, including qualifying for the Two Oceans and Comrades Marathons, but three-time Comrades champ Bongmusa Mthembu and accomplished female runner Sanelisiwe Mbanjwa were way too good for their respective rivals. In what was viewed as good running weather, aside from a coldish wind and light rain here and there, Mthembu turned a Comrades training run into a huge victory by clocking 2:20:44 and said it highlighted that he’s on track for Comrades. The 36-year-old star from the Arthur Ford Club was almost five minutes ahead of second-placed Durbanite Sboniso Sikhakhane (Phantane AC, 2:25:35) and a full eight minutes clear of fellow Maritzburger Brighton Mosiea (Hollywood Bets, 2:28:45) for the 42.2km challenge. “I feel great,” he said afterwards. “It was a good opportunity for me to run and I think I am on track for Comrades. Remember, this is not my main race (marathons, as opposed to ultras), but I am happy with my performance and to just focus on my own race, my own time. “The course was a bit awkward, but as an athlete you have to adjust to that. But, overall, I enjoyed it and the weather was good for running.” The fully-focused, professional athlete said it was important for him to support an event that had been created by black people in his city of residence, as a successor to the old Maritzburg City Marathon for the good of all. “That fact is awesome. We need to congratulate them. The overall set-up was good. We started on time and the route was safe. “I think the race organisers did a good job overall. We look forward to them growing in the future, as this race could end up with 10 000 runners, I think,” he said. In the women’s marathon, 29-year-old Mbanjwa from Northdale also won by a huge margin clocking 2:54:17. The Nedbank Running Club member was followed home by Lineo Chaka (Maxed Elite) in 3:00:23 and Zinhle Shabalala (Chillie) in 3:00:59. Mbanwa, said she had found the course challenging but liked the weather on the day.“I am very happy with my time, because I wanted to finish under three hours and qualify for Two Oceans,” she said. The marathon    winners collected R10?000 each. -THE WITNESS