MZANSI has lost a music legend. Scathamiya icon Joseph Shabalala is now home in heaven. THE 78-YEAR-OLD FOUNDER OF THE GRAMMY-WINNING GROUP, LADYSMITH BLACK MAMBAZO, KNOCKED ON HEAVEN’S DOOR YESTERDAY MORNING. READ: LADYSMITH BLACK MAMBAZO FOUNDER DIES!  This was confirmed by group spokesman, Xolani Majozi. Bab’Joseph died at Life Eugene Marais Hospital in Tshwane. “We’ve lost a leader of the family and group. We’re saddened and shocked.” Bab’Joseph, who retired from the group in 2014, had been ill, and in December Xolani asked for prayers on behalf of the Shabalala family. Grandson and member of the group Thee Legacy, Jabulani Mthembu, said: “He played his part and we’ll now carry on with the legacy. He passed the baton on to me, hence the birth of Thee Legacy.” Jabulani said his mkhulu taught him about life, morals and humility.  “He always said God created us to respect each other and instilled great discipline in me, hence the respect I have for other people. People always came first. “Music kept him alive and I’m glad he got to see what we were able to do with the genre. Rest in peace, mkhulu. Uyidlalile indima yakho. Siyabonga!” Jazz giant Themba Mkhize said: “Bab’Joseph was a genius and a great lyrist. He played with words and this showed his appreciation and beauty for the art. “Although we didn’t spend a lot of time together, he was a humble person. He brought calmness into music with the emphasis on smooth projection.” Their first encounter was at the State Theatre in Tshwane. “I don’t remember the year, but I was working with Caiphus Semenya at the venue. I did the cover of Nomathemba on my second album and it was my tint in the scathamiya genre as I’m an experimental person. I wanted to hear what jazz and scathamiya would sound like. “Bab’Joseph was at the State Theatre and I asked him to listen to the song. His reaction blew me away. He was encouraging and full of complements.” Stimela member Sam Ndlovu said Bab’Joseph’s passing took them back to 2017 when they lost Ray “Chikapa” Phiri.  “His death is a great loss. I remember him working with us on the song Turn On The Sun for our lifetime album. “No other South African artist has been able to achieve what his group did and he passed the baton on to the younger generation to ensure music continued. “We’ll honour him by making sure we’re cultural ambassadors, by teaching generations to come and telling our own stories. This is a great loss.” Singer Yvonne Chaka Chaka said: “I don’t remember when I met him, but we had a strong bond. We worked together on my album Amazing Man and did functions together at Sun City. He’d tell jokes and was full of laughter. He loved his culture and represented it well. READ: BLACK MAMBAZO: 5 HITS FOR 5 GRAMMYS! “I’m grateful I performed with him. At one stage he performed in London and received a standing ovation. I couldn’t help myself but cried. His group is the only group that won multiple Grammys.” Music maestro Sipho Sithole said: “When the country loses a person of Bab’Joseph’s stature, whose career spans over six decades, with over 400 compositions and almost 50 albums, it’s a blow to the industry, country and whole world.”