A 60-SEATER bus transporting 180 pupils to and from school has shocked parents and resulted in them pointing fingers at the Northern Cape Department of Education. The bus transporting pupils from Taudiarora Primary School in Jan Kempdorp, Northern Cape, allegedly arrives late on a daily basis. The bus is being operated by a service provider contracted by the department to transport pupils. The owner has been providing the service for the past five years. Even though the service provider is allegedly not complying with the pupil transport tender requirements, and apparently doesn’t own any vehicles, he keeps getting the contract. Concerned parents raised the alarm about the bus transporting over three times its legal passenger limit. “Our children’s future is at stake and their education is being compromised by this contractor,” said a concerned parent. “Our kids sometimes have to hitchhike home because the bus failed to collect them from school.” The school governing body said the contract agreement was that the service provider was expected to own three buses to transport pupils from Jan Kempdorp and surrounding villages. The furthest destination is about 15km from school. One parent said although parents had been asking the school to speak to the department to intervene for years, nothing had happened. The parent said she was shown proof by the school that several incidents had been reported to the department. The parents are now demanding answers as to why the service provider is still on the department’s payroll even though it puts their children’s lives at risk. Education spokesman Lehuma Ntuane said: “The service provider informed them on Friday he was terminating his contract due to personal reasons. “We’re awaiting a formal letter from the operator and promise to immediately look for an alternative service provider as we don’t want to compromise pupils. “Even though our financial year ends in March, we’ll be able to release him from his contract earlier.” Daily Sun  this week tried to contact the service provider without any success.