REKNOWED international boxing trainer Colin “Nomakanjani” Nathan is praying that Azinga Fuzile wins his hearing at the IBF headquarters in the United States tonight. Nathan lodged a protest over an incident that took place before Fizile’s eighth round devastating knockout by Shavkat Rakhimov, in their IBF world junior lightweight title elimination bout in East London in September. He petitioned the IBF, asking that the result be changed to a no-contest after video evidence emerged showing the Russian’s corner giving their boxer what appeared to be an irritant‚ like smelling salts or ammonia. The sanctioning US-based boxing body has been hearing the case since November last year, and is expected to make the final ruling today. The reigning Boxing SA Trainer of the Year said he is happy that finally the case will come to an end. “It has been a hectic four month for us and it took a lot of emotional energy from me,” he revealed. “I’m glad that this is coming to an end. We need to move on with our lives. We are hoping they will rule in our favour. But even if the decision is against us, that won’t be a train smash. We still have a date lined up for him in April. “We are looking at getting Fuzile back to the ring, but for now everything is pending the outcome of this appeal.” To strengthen his case, Nathan has brought in Danny Milano, well-known international boxing figure recognised in the New Jersey Hall of Fame. He is also accompanied by opinion and medical reports from two local medical practitioners – Stephen Selepe and Michael Setzer. Selepe is the head of the medical board for BSA and ringside physician. There are speculations about the few possibilities on the IBF appeal outcome that the South African camp can expect. A worse thing could be the IBF not to do anything, and that would mean Fuzile keeps the loss and moves two places down the ratings. IBF could also declare the fight no contest and instruct BSA to classify it as a “no contest” based on the evidence presented. This would give Azinga another opportunity within the IBF, which could see him engage another eliminator.