AJAX Cape Town have set their sights on wrapping up their automatic promotion to the Absa Premiership as soon as possible. With nine games remaining, the Urban Warriors are comfortably sitting at the top of the First Division table with 42 points. And they have opened a five points gap chasm between them and Uthongathi as well as Swallows FC who are second and third respectively on 37 points. Calvin Marlin who took over on caretaker basis following the resignation of Andries Ulderink in January says they learned the hard way last season, automatic promotion is the only thing in their mind right now. In the past campaign, which was Ajax first in the First Division, the Urban Warriors missed out on promotion/relegation play-offs on the last day of the season. The finished in the fourth position with 51 points same as Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila who secured a playoff spot by finishing third. Ajax and the Venda outfit were only separated by a single goal difference. “We had to learn the hard way last season, at this stage automatic promotion is our target,” Marlin told SunSport on Wednesday. “And we have to achieve that soon as possible. No play-offs this time.” Marlin admitted that being at the top can also come with a couple of challenges to his young squad. He stated: “I told the players to not get carried away we have not yet achieved our mandate. We need to reach 60 points, and I believe we will be home and dry." "This is a crucial time where we need a bit more consistency and focus.” “We even signed the likes of Rooi Mahamutsa to add experience at this stage of the season. "He has been in the PSL we believe his presence on and off the field will play a role in leading our youngsters.” On Sunday Ajax will continue with their quest of returning to the PSL when they travel to Potchefstroom where they will face tricky Jomo Cosmos at Olen Park (3.30 pm). Coaches always say there are no easy games in the NFD, Marlin echoed the same sentiments saying all the teams are fighting different battles. In this clash, Ajax will pin their hopes in the man of the moment Abednigo Mosiatlhaga. The 25-year-old winger is currently the top goal scorer in the league with over 15 goals. He has played a key role since joining Ajax at the beginning of the season. Last season Mosiatlhaga helped Stellenbosch FC win automatic to PSL and he is on the verge of achieving the same feat with Ajax now. Marlin is full of praise for the North West born players. “When we signed him, we told him to play according to his strength and he has been doing that. "We are not surprised by what he has done thus far,” the former goalkeeper concluded. 