Legendary maskandi artist, Zibokwakhe 'Phuzekhemisi' Mnyandu
has been acquitted of all charges. The Durban Regional Court found him not
guilty today after he was facing two charges, namely, murder (of Selby Shezi
and his band member) and handling a firearm while under the influence of alcohol. The incident took place in December 2018, two witnesses were called, Syanda Dlamini for the state and
Dr Lindani Nyawo for the deceased. The case started on Wednesday and it was finalized on
Thursday midday, on both days, Phuzekhemisi looked relaxed in his jeans and
blue powdered shirt. He was accompanied by his lawyer, Simphiwe Mncwango and
his relatives. In his judgment,  Magistrate Anad Maharaj said that the
evidence is not enough to proceed with the case. "Syanda was the only witness for the state and his
version is consistent with the accused's (Mnyandu's) version. He could not see
other things because he was driving. He knew both Mnyandu and Shezi and he was
the only person present during the incident. Syanda told the court that Shezi
started the fight. He was an impressive and honest witness. He gave a detailed
version of what happened on that day and this version was not disputed by the
accused. "Syanda did not specify why Shezi was slamming the
door. But he told the court that that there was an altercation between the two
of them. He says that there was a squabble and a  fist fight between the
two. The accused had a gun with him.  During the squabble a gun shot was
fired and multiple shots were fired," said Maharaj. A Chief Forensic Practioner, Dr Lindani Nyawo was also
called to determine the cause of death, according to Nyawo, Shezi had multiple scars but only two
were consistent with the gun shots. "I cannot say that the cause of death was because of
gun shots. Instead a blood clot had blocked his veins leading to his
death," said Nyawo. He also told the court that Shezi had previously been
treated by other medical practitioners. Mnyandu's lawyer told the court that "It was a survival
of the fittest as they were fighting over a firearm. Mnyandu was trying to
defend himself,  he was trying to remove the firearm from his body."
he said in his argument. After the case, Phuzekhemisi celebrated outside court and
said "I'm finally a free man and I'm happy that this case is over. I'll be
able to sleep peacefully at night. This case has dragged for an entire year and
it was affecting my work. The sponsors were starting to pull away from
me," he said. Selby Shezi's brother, Sibusiso said that they are saddened
by the loss, "From yesterday it was clear that we might lose the
case. This is because the main witness didn't see the critical things. But
we're glad that it's over and we have no plans of appealing the case."