The National Employer Association of South Africa (NEASA) has written an open letter to President Cyril Ramaphosa ahead of his State of the Nation Address (Sona) on Thursday. The Association’s CEO Gerhard Papenfus said Ramaphosa was soft on state capturers – and he was wrong to have defended his silence on corruption. Papenfus said he was among those who believed in Ramaphosa when he took over office. “Dear President, your dramatic election as the President of the ANC at Nasrec in December 2017 was received with much elation by many South Africans. “Confidence in you was further confirmed during the 2019 general elections when many South Africans, who otherwise would not have even contemplated voting for the ANC, did so because of their hope that you would stop the rot and steer South Africa in a sound economic direction. “Those of us who were of this view were proved wrong. Or rather, you proved us wrong,” he said. “There was a time that many people, including myself, thought of you as a businessman with sufficient understanding of what is required to jumpstart our economy. That proved to be a misconception. “You are not a true businessman; you are merely an opportunistic politician who has spectacularly benefited through political power and connectivity,” said Papenfus. He said Ramaphosa was not realistic when it came to business by supporting ideas such as expropriation of property without compensation as well as National Health Insurance (NHI). Papenfus said: “At some stage, I was one of those who defended your silence on corruption which happened right in front of your eyes during your tenure as Deputy State President. I further defended your indecisiveness as President - all for the sake of political survival. I was wrong. “If it was impossible for you to stop state capture from within your privileged position in cabinet, you should nevertheless have exposed it, and in doing so perhaps even have run the risk of being dismissed by the previous President. “That, however, would have elevated you to a position of integrity to which millions of ethical South Africans would have pledged their support. To the contrary, Mr President, you chose to remain quiet. That makes you an accomplice to the corruption which caused the situation in which the country finds itself,” said Papenfus. “You are soft on state capturers and pamper land grabbers, populists and socialists. You say one thing when you talk to investors and another to your voters. “Mr President, at the State of the Nation Address on 13 February 2020, you have yet another opportunity to share your vision for South Africa. Should it indeed be your intention to preside over our continued decline, through expropriation of property without compensation, the complete destruction of our health services and the capture of pension funds, then say so unequivocally. ”If, however, you too believe that these policies will cause the demise of our country, then say so in similar unequivocal terms. Put your political life on the line. If it leads to your temporary political downfall, so be it, at least then you will be recognised as a leader, and millions will rush to support you. “Not acting strongly now, might buy you a few months, but it will destroy your legacy and decimate South Africa for decades to come,” he added.