The film is produced by Frey, Waithe, Matsoukas, Michelle Knudsen, Andrew Coles, Brad Weston and Pamela Abdy. The executive producers are Pamela Hirsch, Kaluuya, Aaron L. Gilbert and Jason Cloth. Universal Pictures and Makeready present Queen & Slim in association with 3BlackDot and Bron Creative, a Makeready/De La Revolución Films/Hillman Grad/3BlackDot production.Starring Oscar nominee Daniel Kaluuya (Get Out), Queen &
Slim is a powerful, consciousness-raising love story
that confronts the staggering human toll of racism and the life-shattering
price of violence. The film, from GRAMMY®-winning director Melina
Matsoukas and Emmy®-winning writer Lena Waithe, will premier in
South African cinema’s on 14 February 2020 Waithe wrote
the screenplay for Queen
& Slim from a story by herself and bestselling author
James Frey (A Million
Little Pieces, Katerina). While on a forgettable first date together in Ohio, a black man (Kaluuya) and a
black woman (Jodie Turner-Smith), are pulled over for a minor traffic
infraction. The situation escalates, with sudden and tragic results, when the
man kills the police officer in self-defense. Terrified and in fear for their lives, the man, a retail employee, and the
woman, a criminal defense lawyer, are forced to go on the run. But the incident
is captured on video and goes viral, and the couple unwittingly become a symbol
of trauma, terror, grief and pain for people across the country. As they drive, these two unlikely fugitives will discover themselves and each
other in the most dire and desperate of circumstances and will forge a deep and
powerful love that will reveal their shared humanity and shape the rest of
their lives.  The music in the film serves as an additional voice and showcases the range of talent across Black artists with a compelling blend of genres.The 16-song soundtrack also features tracks by Ms. Lauryn Hill, Lil Baby, Vince Staples featuring 6lack X Mereba, Tiana Major 9 & EARTHGANG, Coast Contra featuring BJ The Chicago Kid and Syd, plus classic songs by Roy Ayers, Bilal, Mike Jones and others. Blood Orange composed the film’s score and is featured on the soundtrack.  