THE ANC has
adopted a neutral approach with regards to former president Jacob Zuma’s court
woes that saw him being slapped with a stayed warrant of arrest on Tuesday. The
Pietermaritzburg High Court Judge Dhaya Pillay on Tuesday issued a warrant of
arrest for Zuma after he failed to show up in his corruption due to ill health. Pillay had
issued the warrant after she refused to accept a reportedly altered medical
certificate which was submitted by Zuma lawyers to prove that he was ill and
could not attend the trial. “A warrant
of arrest for accused one, Mr. Zuma, is issued,” Pillay said. However she
stayed execution of the warrant until 6 May, when the trial is scheduled to
resume. This is also to allow his defence team to convince the court that he is
ill. Zuma’s
lawyer Danile Mantsha they were weighing option following the issuing the
warrant of arrest. “Look, we
believe in the independence of the judiciary but judges are human beings - they
can make errors of facts and law and when you conclude that there’s an error of
fact, there are necessary procedures that you follow,” Mantsha was quoted by a
radio as saying. The
developments have seen some ANC senior members loyal to Zuma condemning the
issuing of the arrest. These included Ekurhuleni mayor Mzwandile Masina who
tweeted that he was now prepared to go to jail for Zuma. “Now that
the justice has pronounced itself, I’m ready to go to jail for @PresJGZuma
since he is sick and currently receiving medical attention in Cuba and there is
no one to blame. History has no blank pages, and indeed does have capacity to
repeat itself,” tweeted Masina. The ANC in
a statement urged Zuma’s supporters to exercise patience and allow the court to
deal with the matter. “In keeping
with its principle of upholding and defending the independence of the
judiciary, the ANC respects the decision of the court. “Former
President Jacob Zuma is a law-abiding citizen who has consistently respected
the courts and submitted himself to judicial processes regardless of his
stature,” the party said. It added
that Zuma has always cooperated with law-enforcement agencies whenever asked to
do so. “The ANC
appeals to members of the public to exercise patience and allow Former
President Jacob Zuma and the courts to deal with the matter when it resumes
again on the 6th of May 2020,” it said. 