Macromastia is a condition that many women suffer from, a condition of having abnormally large breasts. Often women don’t speak about this particular condition due to the fear of being judged and the fact that it is easy to overlook how the condition can affect someone's mental and physical health. A Twitter user by the name of Senetiswe, who suffered from this condition and recently underwent a breast reduction surgery, opened up about her journey of suffering from macromastia. Last year the budding singer and YouTuber took to Twitter and shared that people judged her when she shared the news that she underwent a breast reduction surgery. “In September I underwent a breast reduction surgery of which I am still healing from. Best believe your faves are already on some, you shouldn't have reduced them, you looked so good," she wrote. this is one of my milestones of 2019fully recovered and happy https://t.co/zIe2YoyEkF pic.twitter.com/S5U4EadVUr  What is macromastia? According to Wikipedia macromastia is a rare medical condition of the breast connective tissues in which the breasts become excessively large. The condition is often divided based on the severity into two types, macromastia and gigantomastia. What are the symptoms? According to Health line the main symptom of gigantomastia/macromastia is an excessive overgrowth of breast tissue in one breast (unilateral) or both breasts (bilateral), but other symptoms may include: breast pain (mastalgia), pain in the shoulders and back, and neck redness, itchiness, and warmth on or underneath the breasts. What causes it? According to Health line, the exact cause for gigantomastia/macromastia has not yet been discovered but genetics and an increased sensitivity to female hormones, like prolactin or estrogen, are thought to play a role. How is it diagnosed? Your doctor will take a medical and family history and perform a physical examination. You may be asked questions about your breast size, other symptoms, the date of your first menstruation, any medications you've taken recently, and if you could be pregnant. If you're an adolescent, your doctor might make a diagnosis of gigantomastia if your breasts grew rapidly soon after your first menstrual period. Most of the time, other diagnostic tests aren't needed unless your doctor suspects you have another underlying disorder. What are treatment options for the condition? There is no standard treatment for gigantomastia. The condition is usually treated on a case-by-case basis. Surgery can be done to reduce the size of the breasts, and its called breast reduction surgery. It's also known as reduction mammoplasty. During a breast reduction surgery, a plastic surgeon will reduce the amount of breast tissue, remove excess skin, and reposition the nipple and the dark skin around it Also medications can be taken to reduce the size of the breasts, your doctor might prescribe medications either before or after a breast reduction surgery to help stop the growth of the breasts. Are there complications from the condition? The extreme breast enlargement and the excess weight of the breasts can result in physical complications, which may include over-stretching of the skins, rashes under the breasts, ulcers on the skin, shoulder and back pain and headaches What is the outlook? If not treated, gigantomastia can lead to problems with posture and back problems, which can be physically disabling. It can also cause dangerous infections, body image issues, and pregnancy complications.