ON-FORM Black Leopards defender Edwin Gyimah says he is not scared of Orlando Pirates and their deadly striker Gabadinho Mhango. The relegation haunted Lidoda Duvha host the Soweto giants in an Absa Premiership match at Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). Mhango, a close friend of Gyimah, is the current PSL leading goalscorer with 14 goals. And Gyimah knows well that the Malawian international has been a nightmare to PSL defenders since coach Josef Zinnbauer replaced Rhulani Mokwena in December. In seven league matches the German born has been in charge of Bucs, the 27-year-old striker has netted 10 goals. Pirates have an advantage going into the clash having beaten the Venda -based outfit 3-1 at Orlando Stadium on 21 December during Zinnbauer’s first match in charge, with Mhango netting a brace. But this time Gyimah has vowed that they are well prepared to deal with Mhango threat. “I know Gabadinho very well as we played together at Bidvest Wits and became friends,” said Gyimah. “Gabadinho is doing well, but we have a quality team capable of stopping him this time. Bucs are doing well since their new coach arrived. But we are also doing well under Allan Clark and we aim to continue with our winning form on Sunday.” However, Gyimah knows they won’t have an easy passage to ease their relegation worries as second placed Pirates also want to narrow the nine points gap between them and leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Leopards are third bottom on 20 points from the same number of matches and only three points separate them from bottom side Polokwane City. Pirates have collected 36 points from 20 matches, but Amakhosi have a game in hand. Gyimah went on: “It will be a tough game, but we aim to fight for points to move from the position we are on. We cannot afford to lose games anymore.” Leopards will approach the match with their heads held high, having beaten PSL rookies Stellenbosch 2-1 in a league match and that was followed by a 4-0 victory over ABC Motsepe outfit North West University in the Nedbank Cup first round last week. Meanwhile, Zinnbauer was yesterday named the Absa Premiership Coach of the Month for January, while Mhango scooped the Player of the Month award for Bucs’ incredible run.