PATIENTS who drove themselves or brought by ambulances to the hospital casualty unit did not get helped. This is because they were greeted by the empty ward as doctors and nurses were in hiding due to Covid-19. The Bloemfontein's Pelonomi hospital staff members called SunTeam and upon the arrival, the place was like a ghost house with not a single person on sight on Friday night. Staff said the medical staff deserted their posts and the people were turned away back homes. "One of the doctors and another staff member tested positive for COVID-19 and they decided to down tools. We are also afraid of the this place. I just hope that a vaccine is found quickly so that we could be calmed. I have seen ambulances turning patients back to their homes because the biggest hospital is not functioning. I have seen those who came after fractures on their bodies and went back home when they found no one here. Video showing that there was no-one at Pelonomi Casualty Unit in Bloemfontein on Friday night. Video by Kabelo Tlhabanelo pic.twitter.com/KyVGbrH8uu  "Only those who have been reffered to the hospital were accepted," said the staff. Free State health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said:"We are aware of the disruption to services at our Pelonomi’s Casualty. This was due to a Doctor and a porter who both tested positive to Covid19. The unit was not closed but operated  on skeleton staff supported by operational managers. Our staff does not seem to be immune from the fear of the virus instead of managing it according to the established infection prevention and control guidelines that our health workers are trained on. We are aware that some of our staff deserted their posts yesterday which is against the guidelines and we take the responsibility to provide supportive corrective measures. The casualty never closed, it was always operating and is currently operating whilst our management is ensuring that patients receive attentive assistance. It is not only Pelonomi that is affected by Covid19. We are in many instances experiencing community transmissions of the disease which end up affecting our health workers who end up infecting each other within the health facilities. We are happy that there’s no evidence up to now that points to any patient that has been affected by instances of our staff testing positive. We encourage our staff to adhere to appropriate use of PPEs and follow the guidelines for all infectious diseases and treat each case that they come across as a potential Covid19 case without discrimination."