"Rise and shine." That's what my mom will say to me every single morning when I wake up. This would be followed by; "The early bird catches the fattest worm". This had become my daily morning soundtrack, and little did I know that this would have so much significance to other aspects of my life. Take the rising aspect for instance. Apart from the sun doing it's thing from the east, nature and so many other things rise in the morning. Now I know Kaizer Chiefs fans will scream amen to that, but the rise I'm alluding to is of a phallic structure called the 4-5. Sexologists agree that a healthy 4-5 will always be wide awake in the morning. It's rise during this time is quiet potent, but we also can agree that there are other rises to it we might not be aware of. Take a look at these different rises or erections that indeed can be the fattest worm to some:  Apart from him being all wet and hot, his blood at the gym is doing serious travelling all over his body and this could land onto his 4-5. Let's just hope that he's not wearing anything tight because his rise could be as vivid as a DSTV-HD TV.  Admittedly, this is probably the most embarrassing of all erections, and sadly doesn't come with a signal. You could be standing in front presenting something at work or be having an innocent conversation when the 4-5 rises on a point of order. This can indeed be out of order I know but it happens.  If you have a garden hose, have you ever tried to plug it on a tap, then before releasing the nozzle, open the tap for a couple of seconds? You would immediately notice how the hose will expand because of the water pressure not being released because the nozzle is closed. It's the same thing with this type of erection. Something just needs to burst out, and it's not that type of juice.  You might think that he has all the stamina in the world because his 4-5, even after an intense session, is still on the rise, but should his rise not subside in 5-8 hours help is needed. Now, I know that the 4-5 after a certain stage in life needs jump-starter cables to get going. However, we must be careful of these boosters because they can be deadly. 