Ladies, most of us love being pampered. Most women don’t know there are many different types of pampering you can do at home. Although it’s not the same experience as getting it done by someone else, the pleasure of beauty services that you can do from the comfort of your home at a fraction of the price is unmatched. Manicures/pedicures: All you need to do is take off any old nail polish, clip your nails to the length you want, file and soak your hands in warm water for 10 – 15 minutes. After you’re done, push back your cuticles and carefully click them off with the proper tool. If you want to get fancy, you can exfoliate your hands before applying moisturizer and a fresh coat of nail polish. Deep conditioning: You can give yourself a deep conditioning at home with natural ingredients by doing a DIY recipe or your favourite product. An easy deep conditioning recipe includes mixing coconut oil, avocado and an egg to create a creamy conditioner. Work it into your hair, cover it with a shower cap and let it sit for 30 minutes. After the time is up, wash it out and see your hair. Aromatherapy: Add some bath salts and essential oils to your bath water for a spa experience at home. You can also throw in some rose petals and light a candle to make it extra special. Steam facials: Steam facials are one of the easiest treatments to do at home. If you don’t want to buy a facial steamer, you can boil water and let it sit for a bit before steeping herbs in the water. Once the herbs have steeped for a few minutes, put your face and the water underneath a towel. This keeps the steam in, opening your pores up for deep cleaning (remember to wash your face before doing this). Face masks: You can apply your favourite mask or make your own. A simple DIY recipe is to mix some milk and honey together in a bowl, apply it to your face and let it sit for 15 minutes. Exfoliating: You can make your own scrubs by combining oil with salt or sugar. A simple lip scrub consists or honey, sugar and olive oil. For your body, you can do olive oil and salt.