AS many would have expected, Caf have moved to reschedule their flagship tournaments. The decision of the executive committee to postpone the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations finals was pretty much predictable, given the great deal of uncertainly globally due to the Covid-19 pandemic. We may be seeing European leagues back in action, matches played behind closed doors as La Liga, English Premiership and the German and Austria’s Bundesliga push to complete seasons. But closer to home, it seems hope springs eternal. Caf president Ahmad Ahmad has given hope club competitions, both the Caf Champions League and the Confederation Cup, will also be completed. However, just as I thought ... Ahmad could not guarantee that matches will be played in September. He can’t bet his last cent on that, and who can blame him? The conclusion of the tournaments is dependent on the health situations in the countries earmarked for the fixtures. This got me wondering whether we will see Bafana Bafana and Mamelodi Sundowns travelling the continent any time soon. Personally I doubt it. And this is not to sound pessimistic. It’s the reality of the deadly times we are living in. Originally scheduled to kick off in June 2021, the Afcon was brought forward to January. And now it has been moved, for the third time, to early 2022. The challenges African football face are different to those of the other continents, from travelling nightmares to securing biological safe environments for matches. The English Premier League, for instance, have been able to test about 2,250 players and club staff and found only one person to be positive. For the purpose of competition integrity and transparency, they are providing results of the tests. Of course, the figures are not the same for clubs and for federations. But Ahmad is not naive. The reality is that the organisation he leads faces a mammoth task of concluding the qualifiers, let alone staging the prestigious tournament under ever-changing times. We can only hope and not expect international football to be played anytime soon. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso