 Neville
Herold followed his wife, Eva, wherever she went, their children say. And he did
this up until the end, after both had contracted Covid-19. The couple,
who had been married for 45 years, had succumbed four days apart. Neville died
on the day Eva was buried. His
daughter, Valene, believes it was of a broken heart. Eva, a
well-known baker known as the "cake lady" in Strandfontein, Cape
Town, had been admitted to the Rondebosch Medical Centre for a bladder
infection two weeks ago, her son-in-law, comedian Carl Weber, told News24. "She
had walked into the hospital that day. She was fine. She waved and said she
would see us soon," he recalled. Following a
mandatory test upon admission, she was confirmed positive on 18 June. This
despite her not showing any symptoms, Weber said. Her loved
ones kept in contact by phoning the hospital as Eva – known for her generosity
and tendency to cook too much food in case someone unexpectedly dropped by –
has never owned a cellphone. Two days
after his wife, Neville was admitted for a chest infection which left him
struggling to breathe. He, too, tested positive. The couple,
both diabetics, was treated in different wards. Eva
contracted pneumonia and was put on a ventilator on 21 June. Hours
later, she died of cardiac arrest. Her funeral took place on 25 June. Neville,
described as a quiet, kind man who always followed Eva wherever she went, died
that morning, also of cardiac arrest. "My
wife says he died of a broken heart," Weber said. The
couple's children were unable to attend Eva's funeral, as Valene and her
brother both tested positive. Weber
hasn't tested positive for the virus. He takes care of Valene and her brother,
who are isolating at his parents' home to protect his family, and had
experienced severe symptoms. He believed
he was spared being infected so that he could take care of them. The
comedian and his wife, who he had jokingly renamed "Quarantina", had
been documenting their isolation period on Facebook. "We
started the vlog as a full family," he said. Now, only half of the
household remained. After Eva's
death on day 3, Weber has been doing the daily videos alone, encouraged by
Valene behind the scenes who has urged him to continue to raise awareness of
the seriousness of the pandemic and the realities of being infected with the
virus. Eva and
Neville's children will also have to watch their dad's funeral via Facebook on
Wednesday. "It's
the worst thing," Weber admitted. "There's
no closure because you can't say goodbye." A joint
memorial will be held for the couple next year, once it's safe to do so, Weber
said. SOURCE:
NEWS24