A father has been left devastated after his son died after being allegedly denied food for two days at Tembisa Hospital. Albert Lethole told Daily Sun that his son was admitted two weeks ago due to breathing complications. He said he was never happy with the hospital's service from the very place. "The hospital was in terrible condition. The ward was very cold, and he didn't even have blankets, we had to bring our own," said Albert. Albert said when talking on the phone with his son, he told him that he hasn't eaten for two days and no nurse was paying attention to him. “He can't be drinking medication without a meal. I'm just hurt beyond control and have so many questions," he said "Tembisa Hospital is known as one of those hospitals with bad services. I need answers, maybe I'll have closure and come to terms with my son's death but for now, I'm just broken," he said. His son, Shonisani Lethole (35) was unhappy with the service he was receiving at the hospital, he even went onto Twitter to try to get Dr. Zweli Mkhize to intervene. "We all cried for help. When we complained to the hospital, we never got help and he was hoping that if he posts on social media, he'd get attention and better treatment from the hospital," said Albert. @DrZweliMkhize mkhize can I respond to your tweets if the problems I have at one of your facilities continues its becoming unbearable and the don't seem to care. Didn't eat for 48 hours.  Albert also told Daily Sun that his son died without knowing his results. He said he was tested last week, and the family only found out about these results when they were told about his passing. His cousin, Busi Lethole is also devasted with his passing. She took to Twitter to express her sadness with what has happened. .@DrZweliMkhize @HealthZA I am so angry right now! My cousin Shoni tweeted this 6 days ago. Yesterday he passed away. He wasn’t given food for 2 days!!!! ?????? We need answers! #JusticeForShoni https://t.co/P5hFUE9OFw  The Gauteng Health spokeswoman, Kwara Kekana said the department is aware of the incident at Tembisa Hospital. We just buried my mom in January and now there’s another death in my family. This morning I received the news of the passing of my cousin Shonisani Lethole ????????. You will be greatly missed big bro. R.I.P Shoni pic.twitter.com/DqDPc5FWIg  "The matter was brought to the attention of the Office of the MEC and was referred to the Hospital CEO for management. The department will ascertain all facts surrounding the incident with the quality assurance team, and a detailed report will be provided to the family," said Kekana. 