THE South African Football Association have said that it will raise objection to any consideration of granting coach Eymael a work permit in South Africa. This comes after the former Free State Stars mentor was sacked by Tanzanian giants Young Africans on Monday after his racial tirade against the conditions in the country and the club's fans went viral on social media. EYMAEL FIRED IN TANZANIA Safa has taken a dramatic stance to show solidarity to the Tanzanian FA, who have sent a formal complaint to football governing body Fifa. The SA Association published on their website that they will take steps for the Belgian mentor. "SAFA has noted with dismay the despicable conduct of coach Luc Eymael in the Tanzanian Premier League," Safa said. "We want to express our solidarity and support for the Tanzania FA and the Yanga FC.Our own history, principles and beliefs compels us to reject racism in all its forms. "This conduct militates against Nelson Mandela’s understanding of the role of sport in our society that it has the power to change the world, power to inspire and unite people in a way that little else does. ALSO READ: BAN RACIST EYMAEL SAFA therefore has decided on the following steps: • To direct a letter to the Minister of Sports to bring this matter to his attention, with SAFA stated position that we will raise objection to any consideration of granting coach Eymael a work permit in South Africa in future. • Bring this matter to the attention of world football governing body, FIFA as well as the Confederation of African Football (CAF) • Write a letter of solidarity and support to the Tanzania FA and to assure them of our full cooperation on any remedial steps they may considerIt is further unfortunate that this situation comes in the wake of the global campaign of Black Lives Matter. Africa has the bitter experience of its people being captured and taken as slaves on other continents. South African football too has moved from the history of a divided past of having various national football bodies formed on racial lines under apartheid to a single non-racial united Association. We therefore support SACFA and thank them that coaches themselves have taken a strong stand against racists and devious behaviour of some fellow coaches on the continent.