POLOKWANE City and Black Leopards coaches, Clinton Larsen and Allan Clark respectively, are using the same strategy to motivate their players in the battle to avoid relegation. Rise and Shine and Lidoda Duvha are among the teams that are fighting for their top flight status with the likes of fellow provincial strugglers Baroka, as well as AmaZulu and Chippa United. But now with another Limpopo side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila in the mix, after they bought Bidvest Wits’ Absa Premiership status, Larsen and Clark are desperate to see their teams remain in the top flight, and for the Limpopo province to have more derbies for their fans. Limpopo is the second richest province when it comes to a number of PSL clubs. They are Leopards, City, Baroka and now TTM. The province at the top is Gauteng with five – Kaizer Chiefs, Mamelodi Sundowns, SuperSport United, Orlando Pirates and Highlands Park. KwaZulu-Natal falls third in the list with three – AmaZulu, Maritzburg United and Golden Arrows. “It would be great for the province to have four teams in the PSL,” said Larsen, whose side are in 13th spot with 23 points with six matches remaining. Bakgaga and Usuthu are also on 23 points with six matches to play while the Chilli Boys have 26 points with the same number of fixtures to complete. “So it’s up to us to push on and secure our place in the league,” added Larsen. “The Limpopo derbies have steadily been growing every season and now with the addition of TTM there’s going to be even more excitement.” Clark, whose side are at the bottom of the log with 20 points, said his side will do all they can to ensure Leopards secure their PSL status. And Leopards veteran midfielder Robert Ng’ambi shared his coach’s sentiments. “Leopards are the team which have more fans at their home games (than their Limpopo rivals),” explained Ng’ambi. “The people of Venda love football. Imagine when there is another PSL Limpopo derby at Thohoyandou Stadium. It will be excitement all over Venda and that has been motivating us to fight to remain in the PSL. “Our fans have been good to us and we want to repay them by avoiding relegation.”