MPUMALANGA Human Settlements MEC Norah Mahlangu is angry after allegations surfaced that RDP houses are being sold, allegedly by ward councillors and municipal officials. She said it pains her that most community leaders are involved in such an act. She said it is illegal to sell the houses and that is thuggery in the strongest possible way. However, she is relieved that the long arm of the law has finally grabbed one of the culprits in Middelburg. MEC Mahlangu has since applauded the hard work by the Hawks after a municipal official at Steve Tshwete Municipality was arrested for selling RDP houses. Sylvia Nyandeni (43) was bust by members of the Hawks’ serious commercial crime investigation unit in Mpumalanga last Wednesday. She faces 40 counts of fraud. She appeared in the Middelburg Magistrates Court last Thursday. Mpumalanga Hawks spokeswoman Dineo Sekgotodi said the official is alleged to have presented herself to the complainants that she had the authority to receive monies for RDP houses. She said the incident took place in October 2018. “She and her friend are said to have pocketed about R700 000 for RDP houses that were supposed to be built in Rockdale in Middelburg. She will appear again in court on 20 August,” said Sekgotodi. MEC Mahlangu said: “Everyone involved in the illegal selling of the houses will face the full might of the law as the net is slowly closing in on them. This kind of act is hurting me as the department is doing its level best to teach people about the selling of houses. What pains me most is that a community leader is the one allegedly involved in the act of looting from the poor. I am pleading with community members not to fall prey to such scams like this one and must follow the due process of applying for houses. I welcome the arrest of the municipal worker in Middelburg. RDP houses are free and no one must ask you to pay in any form, either by an official or politician.” MEC Mahlangu said her department remains committed to clean governance and upholds the Batho Pele principle. She said all those who wish to apply for RDP houses must do so at their respective local municipal offices.