THEY WERE peacefully praising and worshipping God in church. But their service was interrupted by evil thugs who wanted to rob the church. However, it seems their prayers were heard as a guardian angel was on hand! This guardian angel
came in the form of former police officer, Pieter van der Westhuizen, the
brother of late Springbok player, Joost. He fatally shot two of
the three thugs who wanted to rob Querencia Ministries Church in Wierda Park in
Centurion, Tshwane, on Sunday. Pieter was one of the
congregants, and cops confirmed a church member fired the shots. Captain Mavela Masondo
said the third suspect escaped and got into a getaway car parked outside the
church. “The pastor sustained
minor injuries and was treated on site. No other injuries were reported. Police
seized one firearm allegedly used by the suspects and this will be subjected to
ballistic testing for possible links to other crimes,” he said. Pastor Kobus Erasmus
said after the men burst in some congregants were shoved around and
pistol-whipped, while a 15-year-old boy was reportedly grazed by a bullet. Masondo said a
statement was obtained from the congregant who allegedly shot the
suspects.utorial direction. Van der Westhuizen’s
attorney, Ulrich Roux, said his client acted in self-defence when he took out
his weapon and shot the two attackers. He said Van der
Westhuizen was co-operating with police. In a statement posted
on Facebook, Querencia Ministries said: “Our congregation was attacked by armed
robbers during our worship service. “Although there were
unfortunate fatal incidents of attackers, none of our congregation were
injured. “We’ll still testify
about what the Lord has done for us! All the praise and honour come to you!” President of the
Council of Churches Apostle Mososana Derick congratulated the congregant who
shot the thugs. He said he did a good
job by protecting fellow congregants. “For a very long time
churches have become a place where criminals did as they pleased. “We hope this will
send a strong message to other criminals that churches are not a playground for
their criminality,” he said. He advised other
pastors to register their protocol or security detail as a security company so
that they can be capable of protecting themselves and congregants. CRL Rights Commission
Commissioner Professor David Mosoma condemned the criminals for targeting the
church. “This is the lowest
act of immorality for criminals to be targeting churches,” he said. 