DESPITE being one of the hottest properties this season, Knox Mutizwa believes his best is yet to come. Mutizwa is aiming for more goals to propel Golden Arrows to a top eight finish in the Absa Premiership. The Zimbabwean centre-forward was among the in-form players when the 2019-20 campaign was put on ice. Abafana Bes’thende are in seventh position, largely due to the goals by the 26-year-old striker from Bulawayo. Mutizwa had netted 11 goals for coach Steve Komphela’s side. He has scored three less than leading Premiership striker, Gabadinho Mhango, of Orlando Pirates. “If we restart (the league), I am sure I will be able to score more and help Arrows to a top eight finish,” said Mutizwa. When the league was suspended Arrows had played 23 games and accumulated 32 points, 16 behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs. While he is among the contenders for the Lesley Manyathela Golden Boot, the striker insists he had not reached top gear. “No, I have not yet reached my potential or my best level. So, I will continue working hard,” said Mutizwa, who has a knack of scoring spectacular goals. Arrows are perennial top eight finishers in recent years but dented that reputation by ending the previous season in 10th position. While Mutizwa has previously played at Bidvest Wits after joining from Zimbabwean outfit, Highlanders, in 2016, it is at Arrows where he has played his best football. He has turned out more than 100 times for the KwaZulu-Natal side. Playing alongside countrymen Devine Lunga, Danny Phiri and goalkeeper Edmore Sibanda, Mutizwa is also part of a golden generation of Zimbabwean national soccer team players that nonetheless have struggled on the international stage. Zimbabwe were scheduled to play the African defending champions, Algeria, in an Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) double-header but Covid-19 led to a cancellation. “I think we have a good squad in the national team and I am really looking forward to the matches against Algeria and qualifying for the 2021 finals,” Mutizwa said. The Warriors sit in second place on the group standings with four points after defeating northern neighbours Zambia 2-1 away and playing a goalless draw at home to another neighbour Botswana. Algeria are favourites to win the group against the Southern African sides. “The so-called small teams (in reference to Botswana) are difficult to win against but if we give 100 percent effort, we can beat Zambia and Botswana to qualify (for the Afcon finals),” Mutizwa said. XCAJ NEWS