“NGIYAKUTHANDA mngani wami I miss you.” These were some of the very last words veteran actress Lillian
Dube (74) said to her lifelong best friend Mary Twala(80) just days before
Twala’s passing. A video doing the rounds on social media shows the two actresses
laughing and sharing jokes with Lillian at Mary’s bedside at Parklane Hospital. This after a video of her visited by her best friend mama
Lilian Dube is doing the rounds on social media. Wearing her hospital gown and a beanie, mama Mary says:"mina
hospital or no hospital I'm pashas." Mama Lilian asked her what they would be wearing on the 20th
and she said:" Don't tell me it's a surprise baby. We are going to be
todoo." She carried on to say that this was only a hospital by name
otherwise she's in Hollywood. Full of laughter she asked who would get a visit from Dr
Lillian Dube? Before giving her a kiss mama Lillian told mama Twala to get
out of hospital.   " I love you, you need to get out of this place, next
year we are shooting Skwizas and want you to be part of the cast, said Mama
Lillian. Mama Twala responded saying:" I will, I will, nakanjani
I'll be part of Skwizas.” Skwiza is the SABC sitcom the two actresses starred in. Twala,an accomplished actress in her own right,was famously
known as the mum of popular entertainer Somizi Mhlongo. She passed away at Joburg’s Parklane Clinic last Saturday
and news of her passing were shared by Somizi. She was buried on Thursday and an emotional funeral service
held under the current lockdown regulations was held at Soweto’s Grace Bible Church. At the funeral Somizi said his mum had day before she died
told them that she wanted a fancy funeral with beautiful flowers and that she
be buried in the dress she wore to his wedding to Mohale Motaung last year. Viewers got to see a frail looking Twala when the wedding
special was aired earlier this year. She was unable to attend the main wedding ceremony but left
hospital to visit her son before he got married. In an emotional moment,Twala sitting in a wheelchair,cries when
she sees her son’s over the top suit and Somizi also cries when he sees him mum
crying. 