We are so
consumed about what we are putting into our bodies on a daily basis: is the
food we are eating healthy for us? Are we eating too much or too little? Are we
keeping ourselves hydrated by drinking the recommended amount of water? Are we
getting enough vitamins and nutrients to keep us healthy? However, what about
what we’re putting on our bodies? “We should
be placing just as much emphasis on what we are putting inside our bodies as
with what we are putting on our bodies,” says Clere skincare brand manager
Su-Marie Annandale.  “Like the rest of our body, our skin too requires
TLC, and a lot of it. Sometimes it really does matter what is on the outside.” While
trying to choose the lotion or crème that suits your needs it’s easy to become
overwhelmed by the variety of options, all promising different benefits.
Therefore, it’s important to ask yourself the following: Does it
provide sufficient moisture? It is
important for your lotion or crème to help keep your skin hydrated throughout
the day, as your skin loses moisture, especially in many parts of the country
during winter. By choosing a product that aims to keep your skin moisturised
for up to 48 hours, you don’t have to worry about your skin drying out while
you are on the go. Does my
skin receive the vitamins it needs from my body lotion or crème? Your skin
needs vitamins just as much as your body does. The product you choose should
include essential vitamins, giving your skin the best possible care. Vitamin E
is an essential antioxidant that protects and repairs your skin, while Vitamin
A is used to help keep your skin even toned. Does it
cater to your skin concerns? Is your
skin dry? Is it ashy? Is it not as smooth as you’d like it to be? Do you have
stretch marks you’d just wish would fade away, even just a little bit? Clere’s
Tissue oil and Pure Glycerine formulation available in Tropical Coconut,
Berries & Cream and Vanilla Honey Cream lotions and Berries & Cream and
Vanilla Honey Cream crèmes will leave your skin nourished, smooth, and supple.
Plus, it can help to reduce the appearance of stretchmarks and ashy skin. Do I
like the fragrance? You need to
love the fragrance of your lotion or crème as many body care product fragrances
will linger on your skin throughout the day. Clere’s range of lotions and
crèmes offer four unique formulations (Tissue Oil and Pure Glycerine, Triple
Glycerine, Pure Glycerine Crème and Glycerine Gel), all available in different
fragrances and catering to the different skin needs of each consumer. These are
Cocoa Butter, Tropical Coconut, Lanolin & Glycerine, Avocado Milk, Powder
Fresh, Rich Musk, Vanilla Honey Cream and Berries & Cream. All four Clere skincare formulations
provide 48-hour moisturisation and contain Vitamins E & A. The Clere range of crèmes and lotions are available at all leading retailers at a cost
of R34.99 and R21.99, respectively.