CASH strapped Zimbabwean clubs are disgruntled at what they believe are insufficient funds from a coronavirus bailout from the world football controlling body, Fifa. This is the latest in a series of grievances as the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League (ZPSL) presses ahead with plans to start the delayed campaign in September. The Zimbabwe Football Association (Zifa) met last Thursday to discuss the US$1.8 million (R30.19 million) Covid-19 bailout from the Confederation of African Football (Caf) and Fifa. Fifa has set aside $500 000 (R8.38 million) for women’s football and $500 000 for other affiliates, while the remainder would be released in January next year. The 18 clubs in the ZPSL will be allocated $5 000 (R83 870) each. Club executives argue the money is insufficient, with the teams having between 30 and 40 players and officials. Jonathan Mashingaidze, chief executive officer of Dynamos, cited the high costs of testing players and technical staff for Covid-19 as a pre-requisite by authorities to resume the league. A test kit costs $65 (R1 090) per individual. “The league should start in September but it’s really going to be tricky if one looks at what clubs are getting and the costs involved,” Mashingaidze told CAJ News. The Harare-based Dynamos are the most successful club locally while Highlanders, from Bulawayo, are the most supported. Ronald Moyo, the Highlanders media and liaison officer, said the league was already heavily underfunded. “Football in this country is already way under-financed,” Moyo lamented. He was doubtful local sides would comply with global protocol against Covid-19. These have reportedly not been communicated to clubs’ medical teams. “Looking at what has been done in the countries where training and games have resumed, I can safely say that it will be a tall order for local football to satisfy the medical, preventive and protective protocols,” Moyo bemoaned. Top flight leagues in neighbouring Mzansi, Zambia and Tanzania have been cleared to resume. – CAJ NEWS