Following the sexual harassment allegations that were made by actress Lorraine Moropa who plays Pabi on SABC 2's drama series Lithapo. Actor Mangaliso Ngema has been fired from the show. In a statement the production company producing the show confirmed to Daily Sun that Mangaliso Ngema has been fired. "Quizzical Pictures would like to announce that following the allegations of sexual harassment on the production Lithapo, we have taken a decision to remove the actor from the production with immediate effect. "He is no longer part of the production and the story is being rewritten," the statement read. To jog your memory on Monday the talented actress, who did not name the perpetrator, took to Instagram and revealed that she is constantly being sexual harassed by a senior male actor at work. "Being constantly sexually harassed by a male senior at a work place can not and should not be tolerated," she said. ALSO READ | ACTRESS LORRAINE MOROPA OPENS UP ABOUT SEXUAL HARASSMENT Earlier on today the actress also took to social media and issued out her own statement regarding the matter. “On 20 July, I experienced an incident of sexual harassment on set during filming Lithapo. “This was the second reported incident cause by the same man whom I had reported earlier this year. “I have had discussions with Quizzical Pictures in which they have assured me of their intention to remedy the situation. I have been informed of the steps that they will be taking against the actor in question and I am happy with those steps.” She further thanked everyone who have been standing in solidarity with her. "Thank you to all the warriors standing with me. I am humbled by the response and support from many of you. "Thank you to the wonderful women in the industry who are in this fight with me and are encouraging me daily. It is humbling. To all the men standing beside me, thank you too!" SEE POST BELOW: Thank you to all the warriors standing with me. I am humbled by the response and support from many of you. Thank you to the wonderful women in the industry who are in this fight with me and are encouraging me daily. It is humbling. To all the men standing beside me, Thank you too!!???? It’s not over. #IAmNotAlone #ThankYouForStandingWithMe A post shared by  Lorraine Moropa (@lorrainemoropa) on Jul 23, 2020 at 1:11am PDT 