THE family of a young woman who allegedly died at the hands of her baby daddy said they had warned him not to beat her. This after the 19-year-old mum, Akhona Mncube from Sweetwaters in Pietermaritzburg, died after her baby daddy allegedly assaulted her on Monday. It is alleged that the baby daddy beat Akhona after he accused her of cheating on him. Akhona’s sister Lindo Mncube (28) told Daily Sun Akhona went to buy her baby some nappies on Saturday and she came back home very late. She said while Akhona wasn’t home the baby daddy had been phoning her, but she didn’t answer her cellphone. “On Sunday morning the boyfriend came and took Akhona with him. He was very angry and I told him not to do anything to Akhona. I suspected that he was going to beat her as he was angry that Akhona came late on Saturday. He had beat her before so I asked him not to beat her this time,” she said. She said Akhona and the baby daddy went to the baby daddy’s house together. “On Monday the baby daddy’s mother called me and asked me to rush to their house because Akhona was not well. I asked her what had happened and she told me that the baby daddy beat Akhona at night,” she said. She said she then went to the baby daddy’s house and found Akhona injured all over her body and face. “She wasn’t moving and I asked the baby daddy why he beat her and he told me that they had a fight about the man that Akhona was with when she came back home late on Saturday,” she said. She said paramedics arrived and declared Akhona dead. “I was so hurt, he didn’t have a right to beat Akhona to death. He hit her with a golf club. Her entire body and face was swollen,” she said. She said Akhona and the baby daddy had been together for three years and had a one-year-old baby boy. KZN cops spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that Plessislaer cops were investigating a case of murder. Mbele said it is alleged that a 19-year-old woman was assaulted by a known suspect at Sweetwaters. “She sustained bruises on the body, face and was declared dead. A 29-year-old suspect was arrested for murder.” Mbele said he was expected to appear in the Pietermaritzburg Magistrates Court tomorrow.