Minister of Police Bheki Cele said the treatment of Khayelitsha man Bulelani Qolisani who was dragged naked out of his shack is worse than apartheid. Cele visited the area this afternoon after residents and the victim invited him. Cele said the treatment of the Qolisani amounts to criminality. “There is criminality that is why the police are part of it, besides that we were called by the victim himself, we were called by community, there is some criminality here. I’m taken back, I’m surprised that people find what happened here like other places. Even under apartheid, we were told to dress before the police drag us out,” said Cele. The Minister was accompanied by provincial commissioner Lt General Yolisa Matakata and other senior SAPS members. Qolisani opened a case against the law enforcement yesterday and the matter will be investigated and is currently dealt with from the office of the provincial commissioner. The victim said he is now living in fear after “three men in suits”went to Empolweni looking for him but they refused to identify themselves. Secretary-general of the Social Justice Coalition Axolile Notywala said it is worrisome when people who don’t identify themselves come tolook for Qolisani. “It was an SUV, one person remained in the car and two went to his house, they wanted to speak to Bulelani but they refused to identify themselves. For us, that’s problematic because everyone who comes here must tell the community leaders who they are because you cannot trust anyone with this issue. People’s lives are in danger,” said Notywala. Meanwhile, Mayor of Cape Town Dan Plato said an independent investigator has been appointed to find out what could have happened on the day. He said evidence has been handed over to investigators. He said the evidence includes the pictures of the victim while he was still dressed up. “Despite reports that Mr Qholani purposefully undressed in an attempt to prevent the anti-land invasion operation from taking place, I do not condone the undignified and shameful circumstances surrounding this incident. We will await the findings of the independent investigators in this regard. I have asked that this matter be concluded