  PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa is talking tough about the
rampant corruption that has come to characterise funds meant to help fight
coronavirus. Ramaphosa in his address to the nation has vowed that
no stone would be left unturned and that money that has been siphoned from
these funds would be recovered. He announced that the Special Investigative Unit has
been deployed to fight the corruption in these funds, saying it was concerning
that money meant to help the needy was being stolen, and sometimes food meant
for the poor was being diverted to close friends and families. Ramaphosa said when he announced the funds to fight
the pandemic, regulations were put in place to curtail unjustified price hikes. “Since the declaration of the national state of disaster,
the Competition Commission has investigated over 800 complaints of excessive
pricing. It has so far prosecuted or reached settlements with 28 companies,
imposing penalties and fines of over R16 million. “The Auditor-General has also adopted special measures
to safeguard funds committed to the fight against COVID-19. Special audits have
been undertaken to detect and prevent misuse of these funds and to identify
risks in the system,” he said. Further, a collaborative and coordinating centre to
strengthen the collective efforts among law enforcement agencies so as to
prevent, detect, investigate, and prosecute COVID-related corruption, has been
established. This brings together agencies such as the Financial
Intelligence Centre, the Independent Police Investigative Directorate, the
National Prosecuting Authority, the Hawks, Crime Intelligence, the SAPS
Detective Service, the South African Revenue Service, the Special Investigating
Unit and the State Security Agency. “The people of South Africa require nothing less than
full accountability from those who have been elected and appointed to serve
them. All the funds that we have committed must reach their intended recipients
and must be put to their proper use. “We will take steps to recover all funds that have
been stolen or where goods have been overpriced,” he promised. To show his commitment, Ramaphosa said he will be
updating the nation on the developments of these investigations every six
weeks. “We are determined that every instance of alleged
corruption must be thoroughly investigated, that those responsible for
wrongdoing should be prosecuted and that all monies stolen or overpriced are
recovered. “In order to speed up and strengthen the process of
dealing with corruption, I have today signed a proclamation authorising the
Special Investigating Unit – the SIU – to investigate any unlawful or improper
conduct in the procurement of any goods,” he said.