'We must approach this pandemic as if we are at war with
an invisible enemy.' This was said by the Minister of Cooperative Governance
and Traditional Affairs Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma during a virtual media briefing
on Monday. Dlamini-Zuma was giving more details on measures to
combat the rapid spread of COVID-19 in Mzansi. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced on Sunday that the
country will stay on lockdown level 3 but with some regulations and
restrictions tightened even more. Some of the changes he announced were the suspension of
the sale and transporting of alcohol with immediate effect, he also re-instated
the 9pm to 4am curfew. Dlamini-Zuma elaborated further on the new measures
announced by the president. She said the reason on the suspension of the sale of
alcohol was because when people are drinking in groups, they let their guard
down, social distancing and masks is not adhered to. She said some indulge in irresponsible behavior… they get
violent and kill each other. "Some drive under the influence which causes
accidents then they need to be taken to the hospital for emergency and this
burdens our hospitals," she said. She also announced that the inter-provincial travel
remained banned. She said that movements have been resulted in infections
rising quickly in provinces that initially had low figures. Dlamini-Zuma said the wearing of a mask has become a norm
and a person found not wearing a mask will be fined. "I hope we won’t have people who get criminal records
or getting fined because they are not wearing their masks. Let’s wear the masks
and not endanger other people," she said. Dlamini-Zuma was joined by Minister of Justice and
Correctional services, Ronald Lamola. Lamola said the reason family visits have been banned was
it is a difficult step to monitor hugs and kisses. "While enforcement will be heightened at night
during a curfew you can be asked to explain where you are going during the
day," he said. He said comments on the regulations are welcomed. He said an email will be made available for the public to
put forward their views. "We see it necessary for people to still have
comments, but the regulations are applicable immediately." "They can still consult while the regulations are
enforced," he said. The public can send their comments on regulations to
comments@hsrc.ac.za