Ford launched its
Mustang Mach-E 1400, an all-electric road rocket that shows just how much
performance can be harnessed without using a drop of fuel. Coming hot on the
heels of the all-electric Mustang Cobra Jet 1400, the Mustang Mach-E has seven
electric motors! Developed in
collaboration with RTR and built off a Mustang Mach-E GT body-in-white, the
prototype targets 1,045 peak kilowatts. The chassis and powertrain work
together for a multitude of setups offering capability, unlike any other
vehicle. “Now is the
perfect time to leverage electric technology, learn from it, and apply it to
our portfolio,” said Ron Heiser, chief programme engineer, Mustang Mach-E.
“Mustang Mach-E is going to be fun to drive, just like every other Mustang
before it, but Mustang Mach-E 1400 is completely insane, thanks to the efforts
of Ford Performance and RTR.” The Mustang
Mach-E 1400 is the result of 10,000 hours of collaboration by Ford Performance
and RTR aimed at bridging the gap between what an electric vehicle can do and
what customers tend to believe it can do. “Getting behind
the wheel of this car has completely changed my perspective on what power and
torque can be,” said Vaughn Gittin Jr., RTR Vehicles founder, motorsports
champion, and professional fun-haver. “This experience is like nothing you’ve
ever imagined, except for maybe a magnetic roller coaster.” Mustang Mach-E
1400 has taken shape without rules. The Ford design team and RTR used many of
the same tools Ford uses for its race cars and production programmes.
Aerodynamics are optimised for shape and location, with a focus on cooling
ducts, front splitter, dive planes, and rear wing. Mustang Mach-E
1400 has seven motors – five more than even Mustang Mach-E GT. Three are
attached to the front differential and four are attached to the rear in pancake
style, with a single driveshaft connecting them to the differentials, which
have a huge range of adjustability to set the car up for everything from
drifting to high-speed track racing. “The challenge
was controlling the extreme levels of power provided by the seven motors,” said
Mark Rushbrook, motorsports director, Ford Performance. “Mustang Mach-E 1400 is
a showcase of the art of the possible with an electric vehicle.” The chassis and
powertrain are set up to allow the team to investigate different layouts and
their effects on energy consumption and performance, including rear-wheel
drive, all-wheel drive, and front-wheel drive. Drift and track setups have
completely different front end configurations like control arms and steering
changes to allow for extreme steering angles in drifting. Power delivery can be
split evenly between front and rear, or completely to one or the other.
Downforce is targeted at more than 1,000 kg at 257 km/h.  The
56.8-kilowatt-hour battery (installed) is made up of nickel manganese cobalt
pouch cells for ultra-high performance and high discharge rate. The battery
system is designed to be cooled during charging using a di-electric coolant,
decreasing the time needed between runs.  An electronic
brake booster is integrated to allow series regenerative braking combined with
ABS and stability control to optimise the braking system. Mustang Mach-E 1400
features Brembo™ brakes, like the Mustang GT4 race car, and a hydraulic
handbrake system designed for drifting that integrates with the powertrain
controls to enable the ability to shut off power to the rear motors. Mustang Mach-E
1400, which is set to debut at a NASCAR race soon, serves as a testbed for new
materials. The hood is made of organic composite fibres, a lightweight
alternative to the carbon fibre that comprises the rest of the vehicle. Ford is investing
more than $11.5 billion in electric vehicles worldwide and the Mustang is the
perfect nameplate to start this exciting chapter in electric vehicles. 