THE moment anyone mentions a Kia Picanto, what comes to mind is a small city run around car. By Sun Reporter    THE moment anyone mentions a Kia Picanto, what comes to mind is a small city run around car. Well, KIA Motors South Africa has changed that perception as the Picanto is now officially part of its Light commercial vehicle (LCV) offering. Instead of your parcel being delivered in a K2700 or H1 there might just be a Kia Picanto Runner parked at your gate. The KIA Picanto Runner is described by the company as a compact and cost-effective urban delivery vehicle offering all the comfort, convenience and safety features the Picanto is known for. Compact Capability Because not all payloads are created equal, the Picanto Runner is designed specifically for businesses that need to deliver a large number of packages quicker and more cost-effectively. “When you consider the rise of e-commerce, small businesses and services-on-demand, especially under the ‘new normal’ brought about by the global Covid-19 pandemic, there is a clear need for a compact delivery vehicle that can deliver goods practically, quickly and at a more manageable cost,” said Sales Director of KIA Motors South Africa, Stephen Crosse. Based on the KIA Picanto START, the Picanto Runner loses the rear seat bench to create a flat loading area. Sturdy metal cargo dividers are added to keep cargo in place while in transit, while the rear windows are laminated to keep whatever load is being transported secure and out of sight. The Picanto Runner offers approximately 820 litres of practical space, with a payload of up to 350kg. Running at Pace “The KIA Picanto Runner has been created to be a safe and comfortable urban business partner,” adds Crosse. “As such, we have paid equal attention to capability, efficiency, comfort, and running costs.” The Picanto Runner is based on the Picanto 1.0 START, and is powered by a 1,0-litre in-line three-cylinder, 12-valve DOHC petrol engine, paired to a five-spead manual transmission. With 49 kW of power and 95 Nm of torque, the Picanto Runner is nimble enough to conquer the challenges of the urban jungle while still returning nippy performance and excellent fuel efficiency. As far as standard comfort and convenience features go, the Runner offers steering wheel controls, air-conditioning, Bluetooth connectivity, an AUX / USB connection and Radio/MP3/RDS. The seats and steering can also be adjusted to suit individual preferences. 