In-form Manchester United will be eager to keep their foot on the accelerator when they face a formidable Chelsea in the semi-finals of the FA Cup. The massive encounter takes place at the iconic Wembley Stadium tonight (7pm). The Red Devils have been flying high since the restart and are yet to lose a single match post the Coronavirus-enforced break. They are currently involved in a three-way scrap with the Blues and Leicester for the remaining Champions League places in the league. Their FA Cup meeting will be the fourth time the two sides lock horns this season, with the Red Devils winning each of the previous three encounters. While United might be the in-form team, Chelsea have already proven this season they are no pushovers against the big boys. They have had some impressive wins over Manchester City and Leicester since the restart to stake their claim for a top-four finish. Both Frank Lampard and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will be licking their lips at the prospect of clinching what will be their maiden piece of silverware with their respective clubs. United head into the clash on the back of a convincing 2-0 win over Crystal Palace in the league, while Chelsea laboured to a 1-0 over relegated Norwich City a few days earlier. Solskjaer bemoaned the extra 48 hours of rest Chelsea enjoyed, having played two days before United’s trip to Selhurst Park. “There’s a concern, obviously, that they’ve had 48 hours’ more rest and recovery than us. It’s unfair,” Solskjaer told reporters. “We spoke about a fair scheduling going into this restart and, of course, it isn’t. We’ve not really played every three days but definitely we will now. “The next two weeks will be hectic but then again we’re fit, very fit – our lads have not felt as fit as this for years, I’m sure.” Nevertheless, United will hope their key players such as Anthony Martial, Bruno Fernandes as well as Paul Pogba are on song to take them to the final of football’s oldest competition. The Blues, who will be without midfielder N’Golo Kante, will continue to pin their hopes on the on-form Christian Pulisic, as well as the reliable striker Oliver Giroud.