TAVERN owners will again be the casualties of the tightened lockdown restrictions after President Cyril Ramaphosa announced a ban on alcohol, with immediate effect. "This is just heartbreaking," this was how tavern owner Mapule Morapedi reacted to tonight's address by the president. Mapule, who runs Minkies Tavern in Meadowlands, Soweto, said it is back to poverty for them again. NO MORE BOOZE! She said even with selling alcohol from Monday to Thursday, they didn't make enough money to sustain themselves as people love drinking during weekends. "We didn't make money because people don't drink during the week. People only enjoy alcohol during the weekend." However, the regulations didn't allow liquor to be sold on the weekend. Mapule said she was hoping that the government would stop the sales of alcohol during the week and limit them to weekends only. But with tonight's announcement, she said she doesn't know what she's going to do. In May, a few days after the President announced that alcohol was going to be sold under level 3, Mapule was happy that she's going to be able to make ends meet as there was no income since the beginning of the lockdown. "We are going back to that situation again," she said. There was mixed reactions from SunLanders who reacted to the president speech on Facebook. Onedile said: “Great!!! That sounds like music to my ears. There will be a decrease in road accidents caused by drinking & driving. Our women & children will be safer as alcohol was one of their biggest concern when it came to abuse & violence against them. Now my uncle will use that money to buy polony.” Kash said: “Loadshedding and corruption are not important alcohol is important heyiiiiiii this is another country.” Amahle said: “I understand that he's trying to limit the spread of the virus but what about businesses, what about those who will lose their jobs.” Mpho: “It’s been loooong time coming, I'm in full support of this decision...alcohol is an addition to our never ending problems as a country.”