SOUTH Africa’s youngest domestic franchise coach, Wandile Gwavu, the newly crowned Coach of the Season, revealed that he came close to giving up on his coaching career as recently as 2016. Gwavu was one of the people honoured at last weekend’s Cricket South Africa (CSA) awards, getting the Coach of the Year gong in just his first season as Lions head coach. The 33-year-old, who is the youngest of the six franchise mentors on the domestic circuit, said he was at home in Port Elizabeth when his coaching career stalled and opportunities dried up, and he pondered packing it in. But meeting Eastern Province Cricket manager Colin Gxowa, who helped him join the Lions’ coaching ranks, changed the course of his career and sparked what has become one of the most promising coaching talents of recent years. “I was in PE, frustrated and I was ready to stop coaching,” he told Sport24. “I have had enough, even though I was still very young in my coaching career. “I always had the belief that I had the ability to coach at the next level, which is always the case with any young player or coach, whereby you always want to make it to that next level. “Colin Gxowa recruited me from PE and brought me to Joburg. I don’t know what he saw in me at that time but from there, things went well. “I got to coach a victorious Lions Under-19 side in 2017 and after that, Enoch came to the Lions as the head coach. “I had never worked with him before. I had only met him once in my life. In February 2018, he asked for a meeting and told me that I might be the man he wants to work with. “I’ve been very grateful to people who have come into my life and career, such as (former Gauteng president) Jack Madiseng, and gave me these opportunities.” Gwavu’s career has seen a meteoric rise, one that he sometimes struggles to believe himself. After joining the Joburg-based side’s Under-19 structures, he quickly became former SA Under-19 head coach Lawrence Mahatlane’s assistant in 2018 before assisting Enoch Nkwe in the senior Lions team that same year. Nkwe’s elevation to the Proteas team, first as interim head coach for the tour to India last year and later as Mark Boucher’s assistant, paved the way for Gwavu to assume the reins at the Wanderers. In his rookie season in charge, he led the Lions to the 4-Day series trophy (awarded to the log leaders in March after the Covid-19 pandemic struck) as well as the Momentum One Day Cup semi-finals. “It did catch me by surprise. I wasn’t expecting it at all because it was my first time coaching at the highest level. “When Enoch was going to take over the Proteas, he came and asked me if I would be willing to take over (the Lions) while he was away. It was a great opportunity that I was never going to turn down and it was an easy answer for me to say yes and try my best in the job. “I was very happy with the outcome of the season and going on to win the 4-Day series. “I think we had a good season overall in the 4-Day, which is a tough competition to retain. I’ve always maintained that it’s the toughest trophy to win in South Africa. “To be able to retain it shows a lot of growth in our team and our systems. And to make the play-offs of the Momentum One Day Cup, where the Lions haven’t really done well in the past, made me happy with the growth that took place during the season.” – SPORT24