First, you're not alone. Reports reveal a 20% increase in divorce applications since the lockdown moved to Level 4. Reasons for this increase are complex, and the unprecedented havoc that the Covid-19 pandemic and subsequent lockdown has wreaked on our lives has had far reaching consequences.    "We are all just trying to survive, and a divorce can be avoided by sitting down with a trained professional to work through your struggles and for them to provide you with the necessary tools needed for conflict," she says. The individuals involved need to work through their own personal demons, avoid triggers with their partners and eliminate what seems to be the inevitable explosion. Everyone needs to understand that success in a marriage is a joint effort, she explains. How to save the relationship The fallout of the pandemic and lockdown is new to everyone. No one knows how to manage this correctly, and no one could predict that this pandemic would result in such extreme loss.       Pedro says she always suggests a trial separation, with all responsibilities intact, as well as marriage coaching. "The time apart is definitely recommended, for some ‘breathing room’ and time to put things back into perspective and figure out your priorities," she explains. No light at the end of the tunnel If your attempts at reconciliation are unsuccessful, or the reasons for the end of the marriage are irreparable, and you feel there is no light at the end of the tunnel, Pedro's suggestion is to get divorced in the simplest way, with the least amount of pain possible. There are two different types of divorces, Pedro explains: contested and uncontested. Uncontested is the easier of the two, and happens when there are no arguments about who gets what and the division of assets and so on, are agreed upon. Contested divorces are a little more involved, and occur when there is a dispute regarding assets and such, and everyone wants what they think they deserve. This is where an attorney gets involves and fights on your behalf, and can be a lengthy, expensive, and very uncomfortable process.      A divorce mediation is handled in a neutral place with a qualified mediator present. The mediator is not there to represent any one individual, but instead is present to manage the interaction between the two parties, and possibly translate between what is said and what is meant.  Once this process is complete the divorce agreement is handed to the court for a decree of divorce to be issued. The length of time this takes is dependent on the courts' availability.   https://www.parent24.com/Family/Date-night/has-the-lockdown-destroyed-your-marriage-heres-what-to-do-next-20200629 