MZANSI’S veteran jumper Khotso “Crocodile” Mokoena has put his retirement plans on ice to pursue his Olympic Games dream. The 2008 Olympic long jump silver medallist was supposed to retire from the sport after the Olympics in Tokyo, Japan, this year. Mokoena was supposed to be to in the capital city of Japan this month, flying the flag for his country in the triple jump event. But the biggest global sporting event was postponed to July 2021 due to the coronavirus global pandemic. The 35-year-old has represented Mzansi at the Olympic Games on four occasions. But he said he won’t leave the sandpit until he appears in his fifth Olympics. The modest jumper, who is also a businessman, said going to his fifth Games is not motivated by money. The hard-working athlete wants to cement his name in the history books of South African athletics. Mokoena is hard at work in training at a local field near his place of residence, preparing himself for his ultimate dream. “I’m trying to put in some sessions so that I don’t lose my fitness levels. I also do lots of long runs. Whenever I close my eyes, I see myself taking part in my fifth Olympic Games and for that reason, I won’t stop until I fulfill my goal of going to Japan,” said a determined Mokoena. The stadiums are currently not ready for track and field events in Mzansi and Mokoena has not had the opportunity to practice the triple jump in the sandpit. “We’re waiting on Athletics SA to give us the green light to exercise on the track. I want to do Olympic number five and retire afterwards. That’s my mission. “The cancellation of this year’s Games means I have to prolong my career until 2021 and try to stay healthy and at home as I can,” he said. His first Olympic Games was when he was in Grade 12 in 2012 and he hopes that if he pulls this off it will expose him to sponsors to give legendary athletes like him the much-needed exposure. A relieved Mokoena added: “I’m running a freight forwarding and courier company called YDG Express. The experience of working with people is helping me run this company. Athletics has helped me use the skills in business and my clients appreciate this. “I have the drive to succeed and this income helps me feed my family in the absence of sports,” said a relieved Mokoena.