Since the beginning of the year, the world was hit by the coronavirus. A virus that is new to this age and deadly. There has been a lot of different information shared by World Health Organisation, governments, scientists, researchers and the media. However, in the information age we live in, a lot of different kinds of information can be shared and it can be hard to believe what’s true and what’s not true. Since the start of this global pandemic, there have been some interesting conspiracy theories about the coronavirus. Are we really living in a pandemic or was this all a Plandemic? According to Cape Town etc, here are some conspiracy theories you might come across. Coronavirus was created in a Chinese lab Blame it on 5G This has been a popular theory in South Africa. Many people believe that the spread of Covid-19 is 5G. Apparently 5G is very unhealthy for the human body because it degrades the immune system. Researchers have reassured the public that the virus cannot be spread though 5G because the virus is spread through respiratory droplets. There is no virus Even with all the information the public receives about this virus, many people believe that there is no virus. Some still do not wear their masks in public, keep social distancing or listen on how you can keep yourself and everybody around you safe. Bill Gates is making money off the virus A lot of people believe that Bill Gates was involved in releasing the virus into the world and that he will be making money from vaccine trails and tests around the world. False death certificates There have been quite a lot of people coming out saying the death certificate of a deceased family member says the person died from Covid-19, which is not true. Many people believe that hospitals are making money from the pandemic and are stating that patients have died of the virus when they actually haven't. It is also believed that the numbers are being manipulated across the globe. Deadly vaccine Another theory is that at a later stage in this pandemic, there will be a vaccine available to the general public that will probably have terrible side effects and even kill. Conspiracy theorists say the virus is a way for governments to reduce the population with the vaccine.