ABSA Premiership leaders, Kaizer Chiefs, will find it difficult to maintain their lead over defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns when the league resumes. This is according to former Amakhosi dribbling wizard Junior Khanye, who believes Sundowns’ experience in wrapping up league titles will get them over the line. The Brazilians edged Orlando Pirates in the race for the title in the last two seasons, and will have all the experience in their battle with Amakhosi this term. Pitso Mosimane’s charges are just four points adrift of leaders Chiefs, and have a game in hand over their rivals. “People have been saying Chiefs will win the league, I beg to differ,” Khanye said. “Even when they had that 13 point lead, I still felt that they were lacking something. That is something I can’t quite put my finger on. But what I’m confident about is that Sundowns will do enough to win the title again this season. “They just have a lot of experience in this situation and have done it so many times in recent years. “They are in a much better place than Chiefs, everything is going for them at the moment. Pitso (Mosimane) has just signed a new deal, and they have been active in the market. They will be confident.” Khanye, who is a football analyst on iDiskiTV these days, believes George Maluleka’s departure will hurt Amakhosi’s chances of clinching the title. But he also believes that the former Chiefs midfielder will not be as important to Downs as he was to the Glamour Boys. “I was very disappointed that Chiefs would let go of a player of his quality, and who has contributed so much to their success this season,” added Khanye. “He was important for Chiefs. They will be less effective without him, but Sundowns were strong without him. I rate him as a player, but I really believe he will find it difficult to break into that Sundowns team that has the likes of Hlompho Kekana, Andile Jali and Tiyani Mabunda. “Don’t forget there are players like Oupa Manyisa, Sammy Seabi and Rivaldo Coetzee, who are also trying to break into that midfield.”