 DURING LOCKDOWN, Gabola church members are forced to come to church slightly drunk and have water at the church itself. “Our church constitution requires that we have alcohol when we worship,” said church leader, Pope Tsietsi Makiti. “WITHOUT BOOZE OUR CHURCH SERVICES ARE TOUGH!” For more than four years, Pope Tsietsi Makiti and his followers have been conducting Sunday services while drinking alcohol. Last year the church introduced alcohol baptism. New members could choose to simply drink as part of their baptism, or have their favourite alcohol poured over their heads. But in these tough times, Gabola church is set to worship without alcohol until drinking outside the home is allowed. He said they’re harassed by law enforcement agencies when they conduct Sunday services. “The ancestors and the Holy Spirit have to find us tipsy for us to receive guidance,” he said. “We worship in shebeens and taverns, but police don’t understand that. They tell us we’re contravening lockdown rules.” He said they’d been meeting in the open veld for two weeks. “Starting from Sunday, members are encouraged to drink at home before coming to church. “They’re not supposed to come to church sober, otherwise the Holy Spirit won’t intervene. “We need liquor at our gatherings, but we’ve compromised and filled our bottles and cans with water, or at least traditional beer, to invite our ancestors to our services.” They move from one open veld to another, but members are encouraged to observe social distancing and good hygiene. “We understand the importance of curbing the spread of the coronavirus. “We support the government as all of us are affected. “We’re not here to cause problems, but to allow people who were rejected in churches because they’re drunkards a chance to also worship.” He said as a registered church, they stood against church leaders who milk the poor of their hard-earned cash and were against violence in taverns. “None of our churches have reported incidences of violence,” he said. “When we launch a church in a tavern, we convert the owner into a pastor or a bishop and the tavern into a church. Customers become congregants.” Makiti and his wife, along with five church members, were arrested in May after they were allegedly caught conducting a church service at their home. They were given bail of R3 000 each and church members were expected to pay R1 000. Their next court appearance is on 15 October. 