WHO is to blame between Safa and the PSL? Okay, let’s get personal because this battle for the resumption of football seems to have taken the personalities’ route – who is wrong between Danny Jordaan and Irvin Khoza’s organisations? There has been a serious vacuum in our lives since March this year without football due to the coronavirus that has brought the world to its knees. The country has gone on lockdown as a way of trying to contain the virus and it worked at the time. But all hell has broken loose and the numbers are fast increasing due to seasonal change, winter, in Mzansi. Khoza, the PSL chairman, leading the National Soccer League (NSL) Board of Governors (BoG), is a respected football administrator and has tried his level best that the 2019-20 Absa Premiership football is back for all the 32 clubs, including the GladAfrica Championship to conclude their respective seasons. He has also liaised with both Safa and Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa, with the hope that he will get support as they push for games to start as early as possible, to conclude the season by 31 August, as proposed. And there is nothing wrong in pushing for the season to be played to its last match, but Jordaan, Safa president, is made to believe that the PSL chairman is jumping the gun and not considering health and safety protocols as outlined by government. This week it became very interesting when Safa rejected the PSL’s proposed 18 July “Return of Football” date and stuck to 6 August date, which would mean PSL clubs must wait another three weeks before they can do what they like – play football. But this time around referees were used as the reason why the league cannot resume, because the middlemen have just started with their fitness training programme and would be undergoing Covid-19 tests before they join the rest of the teams in the bio-safe bubble camp in Gauteng. One would say this is just the battle between two warring football administrators and unfortunately, soccer is becoming the victim. Both are not wrong at the decisions taken: but a compromise is always made in situations that threaten careers of individuals, but there is also the most important element of protecting lives against this deadly pandemic. Now Khoza wants to protect the careers of the players and club chairmen who would starve if football is not played, with monthly grants not paid and putting a strain on the bosses to dig deeper into their reserves, as they want to keep their teams afloat. But Jordaan is looking after the interests of government in ensuring that players and other officials are protected against the virus, and he is right to defend what has been set out by government – not sure about the holding back of referees in the camp currently underway. Look, I think it’s only fair that we wait until after the winter period to complete as we’re not even sure whether the “world class” proposed plans by the PSL will indeed work without any scratch, or will Safa live to regret their decision for delaying the restart of football. Maybe we need to do things the South African way instead of looking too much into what Europeans are doing. The Spanish La Liga, Bundesliga and English Premier League teams are back in the field playing, behind closed doors though. And we’re living in a complete opposite period of the season with Europe. But Safa must also negotiate in good faith with the PSL, instead of what appears to be a mafia kinda treatment where they always find something to frustrate the PSL’s effort to get teams back onto the playing fields. For now, South Africans must just make peace with seeing teams return to the field after 1 August, like Safa has promised. Remember, the PSL argues, government gave them permission on 23 June to resume the 2019-20 season after they “complied with the requirements and ready to resume… on 18 July, but unable to do so due to unavailability of match officials”. Very powerful statement there from the league, indirectly putting the blame on Safa’s door for refusing to give them referees to officiate their matches. For you and I, we will continue sanitising and wearing our masks at all times. on Twitter @MathewsMpete.