AMBASSADOR Mzuvukile Maqetuka has told the Zondo Commission that former president Jacob Zuma wanted to be handed a report of investigation into his relationship with the Guptas. Testifying on Friday, the former Director-General (DG) of the State Security Agency (SSA) said their investigation was sparked by minister Fikile Mbalula's utterances in 2011 that he was informed by the Guptas that he would be appointed to Cabinet.He said another reason for their interest in the relationship was because of information the agency had received from their US counterparts that the Guptas were planning to buy a uranium mine with funds from Iran. "It was not accidental that Americans came to us. We do collaborate," said Maqetuka. He said they met Zuma in 2011 at his residence in Mahlamba Ndlopfu after they had an unsuccessful meeting with former crime intelligence minister Siyabonga Cwele.Maqetuka said Cwele had summoned him and his deputies Mo Shaik and Gibson Njenje to his office where he told them to stop the investigation because he believed it was irregular.He said Cwele did not seek to get their understanding for their reasons for investigations. "Had the minister asked for clarification, I would have given him a full briefing on what we already know," said Maqetuka. He said he believed that when they met Zuma, Cwele had already briefed him about their investigation. "The president was very relaxed. He would always give us time. I will not fault him for that. The meeting lasted about two hours," he said. He said the former president didn't tell them to stop the investigation them instead he wanted the report. He said when they refused, Zuma wento on to explaining his history with the Guptas. He said however, after that meeting it became difficult to have another meeting with Zuma. Maqethuka said Zuma didn't bother to call him and find out how far the investigation was. He said he drew a conclusion that he bought into Cwele's idea to twart it. He said when they didn't find joy with Zuma he looked into the law for repprieve but there was nothing. "There has to be a guideline because conflicts among human beings will always arise. You need an arbitrar. There's no arbitrar," he said. He said Cwele's interference in operational matters and his abuse of state resources led to the irretrievable breakdown in the relationship between them. He said it was his view that the concept of having a minister of Intelligence was in direct conflict to the principles of intelligence as set out in the White Paper."Now when you have this animal called minister, is a contradiction to what the paper envisaged," said Maqetuka. He said he decided to leave the agancy. Maqetula was an ambassador to Algeria from 2007 to 2009 before he was appointed to head SSA.