THE transport department will be channeling R25 million
of its revised budget towards the buying face masks for the taxi industry. Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula, tabling his revised
budget virtually to the National Assembly, said due to the pandemic, his
department has had to re-prioritize and reduced funding to cater to some of the
immediate needs to fight the virus. “Funds have been shifted from savings on goods and
services to fund shortfalls in distressed entities and for the procurement of
(personal protective equipment) PPEs for the public transport industry,” he
told MPs. Mbalula revealed that in total, the programme has been
reduced to the tune of R1.008 billion while the public transport national grant
has been reduced to R1,902 billion. Similarly the Taxi Recapitalization Programme took a
knock by R250 million and R9.7 million was taken from goods and services “An amount of R1.135 billion has been reallocated towards
the taxi relief fund, and R25 million for the procurement of personal
protective equipment for the taxi industry. “The reprioritisation of conditional grants will see the
Public Transport Operations Grant (PTOG) allocated R6.749 billion for the
financial year, of which R337 million is earmarked for procurement of PPEs for
public transport facilities and operations,” he said. Mbalula emphasized that the R1.135 billion allocation
towards the taxi relief support was not compensation for loss of business, but
an honest gesture on the part of government to financially help the industry
and meet them halfway. He acknowledged that the government and the taxi industry
have not yet found each other on how the relief fund will be distributed. “We remain hopeful that our ongoing discussions will
yield outcomes that are beneficial to the industry within the limited
resources,” he said. He further announced that target for scrapping of old
taxi vehicles and Shova Kalula Bicycle distribution programme were downscaled
but assured the revision of the current financial year would not impact the
department’s Strategic Plan 2020 - 2025. He said the outlook of the 5 year plan
will be reviewed at the end of the financial year. Mbalula announced the strategic plan in his first 100
days as minister which he said was his vision to propel the department to steer
the country into economic activity. On the revised budget, he said further revisions will be
made by state owned entities where it most. “As we traverse the path towards economic recovery, we
are confident that our entities will recover sufficiently to continue
undertaking the critical service delivery mandate necessary to support the
resumption of economic activity. “At the centre of these priorities is the re-imagined
safety strategy, built on the foundation of a seamlessly integrated value chain
that incorporates all the law enforcement and prosecution authorities. “It equally takes a holistic view of safety across
modes.  Carnage on our roads remains
unacceptably high and interventions to arrest this trend must be based on
collaborative efforts.  This work
continues with the required urgency to realise the goal of a safe and secure
transport environment,” said Mbalula.