THE two lovers had an agreement. But now the woman is pregnant and her landlord, who is also her lover, wants her to abort the baby. The 26-year-old moved to Bloemfontein two years ago to study for a diploma in graphic design. Now she’s pregnant instead. But she said she won’t give up the fight after their agreement backfired. According to the student, the married man let her stay for free and promised she would not have to pay the R1 500 rent until she finished her studies. The man who promised her heaven and earth wants to chase her out of the room she stayed in for free if she doesn’t have an abortion. She said: “I will never go back home to Kimberley with a baby. He must allow me to stay here for free and raise the child and finish my studies. I know that I agreed to be involved with him sexually, even though he is married. But he can’t just end the deal because it suits him. “When I discovered I was pregnant, I was three weeks along. I was with him in my room when the test showed I was pregnant. He said he could not risk his marriage. “He told me that I should be smart and terminate the pregnancy. But I fear that God might punish me and not give me children in future. I want to keep the baby and get my diploma. What if I abort a baby who could one day be the president or a scientist? “The wife did not know I had a relationship with him, so let’s keep it that way.” Daily Sun contacted the 41-year-old landlord, who said saving his marriage of 15 years was the number one priority. He said: “I know I made a huge mistake and I admit it. But I can’t risk my marriage. She must just have an abortion and be safe. She can stay, only if she aborts,” he said. The woman’s friend (24) said she has tried to convince her to abort the child. “We’ve been friends since she arrived here and I know about their secret relationship. We know each other’s secrets and it’s her choice what she wants to do with her life. They both messed up and I think they should just sort out this mess. But she is my best friend and I will stand by her decision,” said the woman.