THE planned return to football will come at a heavy cost to most insolvent GladAfrica Championship teams, including those in the Absa Premiership if the 2019-20 season does not resume this month. The PSL has advised their members to limit their squads to 50 personnel into the bio-safe bubble camp, where they are expected to foot their own accommodation bills, including Covid-19 tests. The league has procured an all-inclusive flat rate accommodation for clubs, which will cost R1 370 (VAT inclusive) per person for a single room, with three meals and laundry service. Without laundry, clubs will have to pay R1 235 (VAT inclusive). This would mean clubs that prefer the luxurious laundry option will have to pay R68 500 for 50 persons for six weeks, as proposed by the National Soccer League (NSL) to conclude the remaining league matches, and the Nedbank Cup. This will require clubs to budget R2,8 million for the bubble camp, which will be impossible for clubs that may not receive monthly grant from the PSL due to matches not being played this month. However, if Safa agrees to this weekend’s proposed date to restart the season, it will take off a heavy load on the shoulders of PSL clubs who would only have to worry about salaries and other logistics. PSL clubs receive R2,5m monthly grant, which the league would be able to pay only if matches are played in that month. However, this will be a heavy load for Championship teams who are getting a meagre R500 000 from the league, which would mean club bosses will have to look for an additional R2,3m somewhere in order to conclude the bubble camp. It is understood that such challenges have been raised with the league and they could be addressed again today when the league’s Board of Governors meet to finalise logistics surrounding the resumption of the season. In total, all the 32 PSL and Championship clubs could leave behind R89m when leaving the base camp in Gauteng. Club officials, who spoke to SunSport on condition of anonymity, said it would be best if the Championship could be nullified as that will put a heavy burden on the already broke club bosses. “Some clubs in the Championship are not even able to pay their players’ monthly salaries, and you expect them to have R3m plus on the side somewhere?” one official argued. “It goes without saying that we will be left broke. The money is there and PSL chairman (Irvin Khoza) told us that grants will be paid provided we play football. The chairman has worked hard and fought for us, but circumstances are just not conducive for the seasons to resume.” Another PSL club chairman was concerned they will be declared insolvent and unable to cope after the bubble camp. “There are teams that have nothing to play for this season, but they are still expected to meet all the bubble camp requirements – bringing 50 people and still pay salaries,” he said. “It will be worth it for clubs that are fighting for the respective titles and those trying to avoid relegation. I think very hard decisions and compromises will have to be made here. “This is not like Europe where clubs are closer to each other and their stadiums. This is Africa. This is where people will realise that it’s not worth owning a club. It’s actually a liability because you’re using your family money to fund the business.”