 ONCE AGAIN tavern owners are facing the terrible prospect of closing down their legal businesses. As the price of booze skyrockets, the booze smugglers are licking their lips, gearing up for a big profit bonanza! ONCE AGAIN THE BACKDOOR DOP DEALERS WILL LAUGH IN YOUR FACE AND SAY: “TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT!” When the country went into lockdown, liquor was sold at crazy prices. Those prices are sure to come back after President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the alcohol ban was back. The relationship between drinkers and illegal alcohol sellers will soon be repaired and backdoor booze sellers are back with a bang! Yesterday, backdoor sellers told Daily Sun those who disrespected them when the alcohol ban was lifted were going to learn a hard lesson. “An ingudu will cost them R70. Take it or leave it,” said Madida Ndwandwe (30) from a hostel in Soweto. He said the whole ingudu case will be sold at R700. Normally, a single ingudu costs less than R20 and the case less than R150. “This is the treatment they will get for disrespecting us,” he said. “When it was lifted they thought they’d seen the last of us, but the tables have been turned! Madida said he sold alcohol at high prices because it was hard to get and the risk even higher. “If you get caught you might spend months or even years in jail,” he said. “It’s better to go to jail for something reasonable. I can’t go to jail for R20.” But he said he understood why alcohol wasn’t allowed. “There are people who can’t live without it,” he told Daily Sun. “They’d die if they didn’t get it. “Those are the kinds of people we sell to. They don’t mind paying.” Backdoor seller Mshefane Nkosi (35) made a lot of money during the first ban. “I was able to make R3 000 a day,” he claimed. “I’d sell a bottle of white spirit for R600 instead of R300.” He said he settled his debt and bought a small bakkie, as a result. “I struggled when the ban was lifted, but I’m so happy now that it’s back,” he said. “Those who were rude when the first ban was lifted are about to feel the heat.” He said some went as far as blocking him from their phones because they no longer needed his services. “But now, since yesterday, the calls are coming in. They want to speak to me now.” 