AMAZULU coach Jozef Vukusic has alerted Mzansi youth to be vigilant against scammers using his name by promising them that they will be signed by the Durban club. Such scams are on the rise in South Africa with unsuspecting potential footballers lured into thinking they could be turned into instant stars by paying R500 for a place in a PSL or GladAfrica Championship teams. The latest victims of such a dishonest scheme are Ofentse Pilane and Rorisang Monnakgotlha from Ledig Village near Rustenburg, North West, who were made to pay R500 into a Shoprite account thinking they were talking to the Slovakian. Now their dreams are shattered after realising they fell victim to such fraud. The 22-year-old Pilane said he started communicating with those fraudsters on social media before the lockdown in March, having seen a social media post purported to be from Vukusic and fell for it.  “I then sent an inbox asking him for more information on joining his team,” said Pilane. “He told me that in order for him to sign me (at AmaZulu) I had to pay R500 registration fee. He started sending pictures that made everything look so real. “With excitement I shared the information with Rorisang Monnakgotlha, whom I play with at a local team. “We thought our dreams were finally coming true. We had told our family and friends that we were going to play for a big team.” The 20-year-old Monnakgotlha said they sent the fraudsters proof of payments, who in turn gave them a date and time when AmaZulu drivers will pick them up to go to Durban. “Unfortunately that never happened. They never pitched,” he said with a sad face. When the day came he changed to the next day. Several times we packed our bags only to be disappointed. This experience hurt us badly. We feel like failures. Our peers are laughing at us.” Vukusic has rubbished such and felt sorry for the youngsters: “We’re a professional club and would not do such.” He then referred SunSport to his lawyer, Kabelo Mashigo of K4Alchemy Consult, who regarded the whole scam as “absurd”. “The coach has nothing to do with this account, whether Facebook or whatever,” Mashigo said. “It’s completely absurd that they use the coach’s name on this R500 thing for places into the first team of a PSL club. “The coach is not involved. This is just a scam and this is not the first time we’ve seen something like this. There has been others done before.” SunSport verified the emails used and realised they are not the ones used by Vukusic. Peggy Pilane, mother to one of the victims, said she saw an article in Daily Sun that Vukusic was on suspension, published on 3 April. “I was shocked,” said the 40-year-old mother. “Vukusic was on suspension at the time... it didn’t make sense. The boys are passionate about soccer. Their excitement made me overlook the fact that this could be a scam. I was afraid that not paying for my son could lead him into a state of depression.”