A CHURCH hostage drama left five people dead and 30 arrested in Zuurbekom, Gauteng, in the early hours of yesterday morning. “At approximately 3am this morning, various disciplines of the South African Police Service followed by members of the South African National Defence Force responded to reports of a shooting and an alleged hostage situation at the International Pentecostal Holiness Church,” national police spokesperson Brigadier Vish Naidoo said yesterday. “A group of armed people came to the Modise Church and allegedly attacked people who were inside, indicating they were coming to take over the premises.” Police are investigating the possibility this attack may have been motivated by a feud between conflicted parties in the church. “Four people were found shot and burnt to death in a car, while a fifth victim, a security guard, was fatally shot in his car while he was apparently attending this complaint,” Naidoo said. “Police have arrested over 40 suspects, including six people who have been taken to hospital.” Among those arrested are members of Saps, the SANDF, the Joburg Metro Police Department and the Department of Correctional Services. More than 34 firearms, including five rifles, 16 shotguns and 13 pistols, were seized. “The crime scene is still being processed and the figures of arrests and firearms seized may fluctuate as the Special Task Force, Tactical Response Team and Visible Policing members continue to comb the compound. These units have also rescued men, women and children, who are said to be living in the compound and were being held hostage,” Naidoo said. National police commissioner General Khehla John Sitole praised the provincial Saps management and Gauteng team for their prompt response to the attack. “I’m certain the speedy response by the joint security forces has averted what could’ve been a more severe blood bath,” he said. “I’ve tasked the provincial management to finalise its preliminary investigations in the quickest possible time and ensure the 72-hour Activation Plan is mobilised to bring to book all those responsible for this attack. “I’ve embarked on a Spiritual Crime Prevention Concept, which involves the participation of all religious denominations in the fight against crime. It’s rather unfortunate that such an incident takes place during a time when South Africa is plagued by a deadly virus and violent crimes.” In November 2018, two factions from the church confronted each other outside the church’s headquarters in Silo, Zuurbekom, west of Joburg, News24 reported. The clash took place when a convoy of vehicles carrying worshippers arrived and parked outside the church. Former Gauteng police spokesperson Captain Mavela Masondo at the time said: “As they were about to enter the church premises, another group which was inside the church charged at them. They confronted each other. During the confrontation, firearms were pulled out and three people were injured. “One was shot in his shoulder. The three injured men were taken to hospital. We managed to seize loaded firearms.” About 12 cars belonging to church members were badly damaged in the skirmish. Items from inside the damaged vehicles were strewn on the street. Clashes over the leadership of the church have led to several court battles, following the death of the church’s leader Glayton Modise. The church has more 3 million worshipers from Mzansi and neighbouring countries. – News24.com