Actress Lorraine Moropa has broken her silence about being sexually harassed on set. The talented actress who plays Pabi on SABC2's drama series Lithapo recently took to Instagram an revealed that she's being sexually harassed by a male actor on set. "Being constantly sexually harassed by a male senior at a work place can not and should not be tolerated. "Your senior, someone who's meant to guide and protect you in the entertainment industry violates your human rights, that's not even half the pain," she said. ALSO READ | LETHABO IS PROUD OF HIS GROWTH Lorraine further said it is uncomfortable working with someone who undresses you with their eyes. "Imagine working with someone who undresses you from how he looks at you. "Someone that grabs their genitals on a set while looking at your ass or grabs your ass and laughs it off in front of a crew (yes, my cases have always been in the presence of my colleagues), that to me is worse than a slap in the face," she said. Ending her heartfelt and emotional post the talented actress said enough is enough. "I did not sleep my way into any role and I refuse for my process to get into this industry and cement my name just for it to be tainted by someone who has zero self control or respect for us as professionals in the industry," she said. SEE FULL POST BELOW: Being constantly sexually harassed by a male senior at a work place can not and should not be tolerated. Your senior, someone who's meant to guide and protect you in the entertainment industry violates your human rights, that's not even half the pain. Imagine working with someone who undresses you from how he looks at you. Someone that grabs their genitals on a set while looking at your ass or grabs your ass and laughs it off in front of a crew (yes my cases have always been in the presence of my colleagues). That to me is worse than a slap in the face. This is a father, who also happens to speak highly of their daughter whom by the way, is practically my age and also in the industry. I wonder if he would appreciate his daughter coming home with half the stories I have to go home and tell my mother due to his actions. Who fights for our battles as women in the industry? What happens to our image? What happens to our dignity as people in the industry allow such behavior? I for one am SICK AND TIRED. IT ENDS HERE AND NOW FOR ME!!!!! I did not sleep my way into any role and I refuse for my process to get into this industry and cement my name just for it to be tainted by someone who has zero self control or respect for us as professionals in the industry. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! A post shared by  Lorraine Moropa (@lorrainemoropa) on Jul 20, 2020 at 12:25pm PDT  