A MAN thought he could easily escape the long arm of the law by moving to another province. But he thought wrong because cops managed to track him down and arrest him. The 35-year-old is expected to appear in court tomorrow. He’s facing two counts of rape. This comes after he allegedly raped two women in Sydenham, Durban, before escaping to the Eastern cape where he was caught and bust yesterday. KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele said police from the Inanda family violence, child protection and sexual offences unit arrested the man at Mount Ayliff. Mbele said it’s alleged that in January last year, the man was drinking at a tavern in Sydenham with his friends, and they were in the company of one of their friend’s girlfriend. “Following the drinking spree, their friend and his girlfriend were drunk and had passed out. The suspect, together with two other men, decided to rape their friend’s girlfriend,” said Mbele. She said they allegedly took turns raping her until she woke up. “When she realised what was happening to her, she jumped up. The perpetrators tried to calm her down but she was not willing to entertain their excuses,” said Mbele. She said the woman reported the matter at the Sydenham cop shop where a rape case was opened and transferred to the Inanda FCS Unit for investigation. “When the suspects realised the police were about to catch them, they disappeared,” said Mbele. Mbele said the second rape case allegedly happened in February last year. The same man allegedly raped a 24-year-old woman. She said the woman was with her friend when the suspect allegedly assaulted her friend at a communal toilet in Sydenham. The woman intervened and told the suspect to leave her friend alone as she had not done or said anything to him. “This angered the man and he turned his attention to the 24-year-old woman and threatened her with a knife. He took her to his girlfriend’s room where he raped her repeatedly,” said Mbele. She said when he finally let her go, she reported the rape at the Sydenham cop shop. “The matter was again referred to the Inanda FCS Unit for investigation. The investigators learnt of a possibility of the suspect being in the Eastern Cape, in the small rural town of Mount Ayliff,” said Mbele. She said investigators proceeded to Mount Ayliff and following the little information at their disposal, they were able to locate the suspect’s hide out. “In the morning the Inanda FCS detectives, assisted by Mount Ayliff police officers, went to the Mvalweni area where they arrested the suspect,” said Mbele. The man was charged with two charges of rape and will appear in the Durban Magistrates Court on Friday.