 SHE HAS devoted her life to giving her four kids love and education – and they’ve repaid her with nothing but abuse, shame and heartbreak. She gives them everything she’s got until there’s nothing left to give. THEN SHE GOES TO TOWN TO BEG FOR MORE MONEY TO FEED THEIR HABITS! But it’s not enough for her four kids, who’re jobless junkies. Maggie Ngwako (74) from Garankuwa in Tshwane said: “The drug curse is threatening to rip my family apart.” Neighbours who’ve witnessed the abuse can’t take it anymore. The kids apparently search their mum for money even on the streets – and when she doesn’t have she’s verbally and physically abused. They’ve even stripped her naked on the street when they wanted a fix. She’s gone to sangomas and healers to find help, but nothing seems to help. She fears for her life and needs to be rescued from her kids and grandkid, who’re seemingly hooked on nyaope, zol and booze. The jobless kids and relatives claim they’re cursed. The gogo’s kids are two men aged 54 and 48, and two women aged 43 and 54. Apparently, three of them are druggies. So is one grandkid. The 48-year-old hasn’t been seen for three years and no one knows if he’s alive or dead. Said the gogo: “My kids and grandkids depend on my pension grant. “They take the money to buy alcohol or nyaope. “I borrow money from a mashonisa. When it’s finished I go to town to beg. She said they’re always fighting. “I worked so hard to give them an education, but they’ve sold their lives to addiction. One of them even lives on the street,” she said. The gogo’s grandson told Daily Sun this had been carrying on for years. “We’re all addicts and depend on my grandmum,” he said. A relative who tried to help was chased away. “They need help before something worse happens,” she said. Neighbour Lydia Mohale (44) said: “That gogo isn’t safe. We’re also affected. When they’re drunk or high they swear and call us names. “We’ve gone to social workers and police. Even pastors have tried to intervene, but it just gets worse.” Neighbour Gennet Mashigo (52) said they’re kept awake at night by constant fights and screams. “It’s as if they’re haunted. This is affecting their grandkids,” said Gennet. A neighbour told Daily Sun: “There’s no peace. Our kids swear. They see naked women in the street. “We don’t know what’s next. Something needs to be done.” Sangoma Sibongile Maluleka said: “The family needs to find a sangoma who’ll do rituals and break the curse. “You could also find there are things planted in their yard.” The social development department hadn’t responded at the time of going to print.