THE coronavirus pandemic has brought unprecedented disruption to every area of people’s lives and has left the world trying to find ways to navigate a “new normal.” Football, like every other industry, has been brought to its knees by the pandemic that has been wreaking havoc. However, people are now learning to live and remain productive even under the difficult circumstance brought about by the virus. Football in many parts of the world has resumed, and the Premier Soccer League (PSL) is set to follow suit in a few weeks, if everything goes according to plan. PSL teams have already returned to training having complied with all regulations set by the league to ensure a safe return to the field. Although it is unusual, players are now getting used to training and working under the unfamiliar circumstances brought about by Covid-19. SuperSport United defender Siyabonga Nhlapo said players are adjusting well to the “new normal.” “Measures that are in place before entering the training premises are to sanitise our hands, check temperatures and fill in the survey application on our phones for any Covid-19 related symptoms,” Nhlapo said. “The new normal is not that hard to adjust to, but it takes longer with training as we have to wait for the other groups to finish before others can start.” Nhlapo, who has been one of the most consistent performers for Matsatsantsa a Pitori over the years, is just grateful to have the opportunity to return to the field again soon. At some point, football was the last thing on people’s minds, with the pandemic having firmly gripped the world. Nhlapo said he was excited to return to training and see his teammates having spent nearly three months apart during the national lockdown. “First day back at training was great and exciting. It felt like we hadn’t seen each other in a very long time,” added the former Bidvest Wits player. “We missed each other as teammates, but we were kept busy during the suspension of the league so we could see each other when submitting our workout material.”