 IT WAS a quiet Sunday morning and an even quieter cemetery. But the peace was disturbed by smoke in the air. AND ARMED WITH MATCHES AND FLAMMABLE LIQUID, OFFICIALS SET ALIGHT CROSSES WHICH WERE PLACED ON “GRAVES” MARKED FOR THE PRESIDENT AND A NUMBER OF MPS. This after Black First Land First, led by Andile Mngxitama, recently allocated some of the dug-up graves in Tshwane to President Cyril Ramaphosa, Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga, Police Minister Bheki Cele, the DA’ s Natasha Mazzone and EFF leader Julius Malema among other politicians and MPs. They placed the crosses with the politicians’ names on the heads of the graves before closing them. They also allocated themselves some graves. But this was short-lived. The crosses at Honingnestkrans Cemetery, north of Tshwane, were burned down by Tshwane Metro cops and officials yesterday morning. Mngxitama said they placed the crosses on the graves to tell government to close them, or else they’d be met with the Bible scripture (Proverbs 26:27): “Whoever digs a pit will fall into it. If someone rolls a stone, it will roll back on them.” The BLF started a movement to ask people to join them in closing all the dug-up graves. They said South Africa was now in the top 10 in the world in terms of Covid-19 infections. They said instead of focusing on saving lives, government had dug up over a million graves. Mngxitama said this was against African customs. “Government has insulted us all and undermined our ancestors. We call on government to close those graves without any further delay,” he said. “We also demand they apologise to the nation. Open graves invite death.” About Motshega, he said: “Government is condemning teachers and children to death. Close schools.” He said there was no need for graves as lives could be saved by Madagascar’s herb, warmth, medication and isolation. Mngxitama said MPs should be first in line to test businessman Bill Gates’ corona vaccine, not ordinary South Africans. City of Tshwane administrator Mpho Nawa said what the BLF did was disrespectful to the cabinet and the president. He said they were seeking legal advice on the matter. “What they did was trespassing. A person cannot enter a place and do as they please,” he said. BLF’s actions received support on social media. “You guys need to thank Andile and BLF for the voodoo reversal he pulled off today.”