THE International Olympic Committee (IOC) intervened in the SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) controversial elections by appointing veteran sports administrator Dr Sam Ramsamy as facilitator. The 82-year-old Durban-born administrator, who is a board member of the IOC, accepted the role. He is expected to start his role of being a facilitator and usher in a new board in a free and fair election process soon. But the aging official is being accused of favouritism even before he starts with his assignment of uniting the SA Olympic sports movement. Sources close to the situation say Ramsamy is being accused of endorsing Swimming SA president Alan Fritz as his preferred candidate. Ramsamy is the honorary president of Swimming SA and regularly meets and holds swimming meetings with Fritz. Sascoc presidential candidates are divided by the move to appoint Ramsamy as the facilitator and view it as a conflict of interest. Ramsamy is supposed to supervise and act as a referee in the elections. Some candidates are planning to write a letter to the IOC, asking it to reject Ramsamy’s appointment because of his links to Swimming SA and Fritz. The source believes because of that, and his interference in the past Sascoc elections, Ramsamy won’t put himself in a neutral position. “The candidates should be signed off by Ramsamy and he’ll ensure that the men and women he wants to be in charge get elected. “We want to make sure the IOC gets our message and takes back his appointment,” the source told SunSport. “I don’t know how Ramsamy thinks he would resolve an already dirty elections campaign, while he favours Fritz. Most of the Sascoc problems are because of him and we want to ask the IOC why they appointed him.” Fritz laughed off the allegations, but admitted he regularly holds talks with Ramsamy about swimming matters only. “I don’t know what you’re on about. I can’t avoid Ramsamy as we regularly talk about swimming matters, but not about my personal ambitions to run for the Sascoc office,” said Fritz. “More than 10 federations endorsed me to run for office, not Ramsamy.” Sascoc’s acting president Aleck Skhosana, who is also a presidential candidate, said they have no problem working with Ramsamy. “We welcome Dr Ramsamy’s appointment as a facilitator because of the ugly issues that have to do with the elections.”