HEALTH Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize said the nation has every
reason to unite in the fight against corona. “The storm we have warned South Africans about is now
arriving,” he told Parliament in a virtual address. “As government, we cannot fight this enemy alone.” He said has a nine point plan to fight the virus. These
included: ) Strengthening
information, ) Assessing health
system readiness and identify gaps and planning to ensure health services
availability according to need, ) Improving community
engagement by ensuring effective communication with the public, and ) Improving
laboratory capacity to do testing. “In the early days, people didn’t know anyone who was
infected but now few people don’t know someone who is infected,” he said. “We need all political parties, social partners and every
citizen to come on board.” The minister revealed that in some patients, the drug
dexamethasone, could reduce deaths. He said the injectable form of this medicine was available
in the country and will immediately be used in selected patients. Another drug
that could reduce the hospital stay of patients, Remdesivir, was being tested
in clinical trials. “South Africa has a well-developed medical oxygen supply
system but careful planning and management will be needed to ensure that every
patient who needs oxygen is able to get it,” he said. Mkhize warned that bed shortages would be experienced in the
coming weeks, especially in Gauteng and the Eastern Cape. Gauteng is expected
to become the new centre of the virus. Mkhize said the peak would not be as high as earlier
expected compared to the previous estimates. “Fewer people were infected in May and June than was
previously predicted,” he said. He highlighted the need for PPEs especially for health
workers and said the Department’s assessment this week has satisfied them that
there was enough of them around to meet requirements. Mkhize said the number of cases increased in four provinces,
namely Western Cape, Gauteng, Eastern Cape and KZN during alert level 4 and 3.
The easing of regulations resulted in the North West and Free State registering
hot spots. The department opened up 139 more quarantine facilities
bringing the total beds to 12 532 nationally.