 Several
people are being questioned by cops after the SACP district secretary was
murdered in their home in Mfuleni, Cape Town. Speaking to
Daily Sun Mntuwekhaya Siswana, a family member said he received a call
informing him about the shooting that killed his niece along with his child. “It feels
like a bad dream, we are struggling to come to terms about his shooting, what
did he do to be killed like this,” added Siswana. Adding that
Siyabulela Siswana was a good person who loved everyone. “I am older
than him, but I always asked to advise from him, he was very brilliant and a
good leader,” added Siswana. He said the
suspects who shot Siyabulela got an entrance when one of the kids was going out
to the shop. "According
to what we were told they entered the room and started shooting, they all died
on their way to the hospital and the wife is still fighting for her life,"
Siswana said. “We are
praying that whoever did this gets arrested and we would love to know why they
were killed, what did they do and who ordered them to be killed”, added
Siswana. Siyabonga
Mgolombane from SACP said Siyabulela’s passing left everyone shocked. “We are as
shocked as everyone and still can’t believe that our leader’s life was taken
like this,” added Mgolombane. He
described Siswana as a humble person who was always fighting for human rights. “He was
working well with everyone including the NGO’s and he was principled and always
fighting corruption,” added Mgolombane. They will
remember him for his leadership skills and honesty. “We are
sorry for his entire family and we are in this together, they lost their family
member and we lost a good leader,” added Mgolombane. Brigadier
Novela Potelwa said the detectives are hard at work investigating the two
murders and attempted murders. “The
investigation that is unfolding is expected to determine the motive for the
shooting,” added Potelwa. She
explained that police reports indicate that two suspects whose faces were
concealed walked into the home of Siyabulela Siswaan, one of the suspects who
was armed fired several shots at the occupants. “His
39-year-old wife was seriously wounded and is in hospital,” added Potelwa. 