Ask any sporting code participants and they will tell you that the game starts before one steps onto the pitch. Hence there is what we call the pre-match preparation. A lot happens before any match, such as exercise, dietary plan, tactics and yes mental and physical conditioning. Before the big game, the player needs to be mentally and physically prepared and also key-in what we call BMT. Yes, all players must have what we call Big Match Temperament, which is the ability to perform at the grandest stage. Same thing applies when it comes to sex. Sex, much like any sport is a physical, mental and yes an emotional exercise, which always makes it exciting. Players always need to rise to the occasion and ensure they're well conditioned for the game. So what makes a great match or sporting spectacle? In other words, what makes the sex great? Lets break it down:  My late grandmother always said that life is not about how many things you've done, but its about how many of those things did you do well. When it comes to sex, a lot is said about how many rounds did you through but what is the huff and puff if you didn't manage to blow the house down. A recent study suggested that more sex doesn't mean better sex and that the happiest couples have sex only once a week.  Who said sex should be the conventional physical activity? Sex therapist Rapini counsels long-term couples on how to explore the unknown to enhance their sexual experience. Try shopping for products and toys together. That could mean anything from couples' vibrators (she recommends the remote-controlled Fiera) to massage oils to body paint to blindfolds, though Rapini says another way to set the scene is to try adding music as sexy background noise.  According to experts, before you put anything inside a punani, it's important that you're fully, properly aroused. When you're aroused, the punani expands and gets wet while the genital tissue becomes engorged with blood. This helps intercourse and penetration feel good rather than painful or uncomfortable. Be sure you're giving adequate time and attention to the clitoris. If possible, have an orgasm before penetration.  Routine can be mundane and when it comes to sex, it is important to spice things up. Dr. Jaffrey a sex therapist recommends switching up the time and place to avoid falling into a rut of once-a-week "duty sex." "Try new places to have sex, maybe on the sofa, in the car or on the kitchen counter tops? Or how about the back row of a movie theatre?  If its broken, it must be fixed. Research suggests that better communication is key to better sex. Communicating what you like and don't like can be instructional and informative, no matter how much you think you already know each other's bodies. If they're doing something you like, say so rather than relying on ambiguous gestures or noises and vise versa.  