MAMELODI Sundowns have part ways with Oupa “Ace” Manyisa who has thanked the club for the memories. Sundowns elected not to exercise their option to extend Manyisa's contract who has not featured for the Brazilians during this season, only showing twice in the Caf Champions League. The 31 year old former Orlando Pirates spent three seasons at Sundowns having joined the team in August 2017 from Buccaneers. He played nearly 50 games for Sundowns. Manyisa jumped straight to social media and thanked Sundowns fans for the support shown to him. He said: "My time with Masandawana family has come to an end. Three filled with memories amazing memories, two league titles, Telkom Knockout and most importantly I got to make friends. Thanks to chairman, Patrice Motsepe, coach Pitso Mosimane and all the support staff for believing in me, and gave me an opportunity of a lifetime... I will miss you guys, for the last time, Ka Bo Yellow." Thank you for the memories @Masandawana & Thank you for believing in me @TheRealPitso ????♠? #KaBoYellow pic.twitter.com/lVa14p2Ni5 During his stay, the midfielder contributed to the club’s success and is one of the most decorated players in the Premier Soccer League having won two of his league titles with Sundowns. Manyisa’s contract with the club officially ended on 30 June.  Coach Pitso Mosimane, who is in camp in Rustenburg drilling new strategies for the club as they gear up for the resumption of football on 8 August, said: “Oupa has been a pleasure to work with. Despite his near iconic status, he gave 100% in training and managed his social life well.” Since his injury in October last year, Manyisa has made a full recovery and is back to full fitness and ready for a new chapter in his career. Explained Mosimane: "It’s a pity that he didn’t play much this year. His Achilles only healed just a month before the lockdown break and he had played in a few friendlies. He is an exceptional player that can play in any position and will be an asset to any team.” Oupa “Ace” Manyisa and Mamelodi Sundowns Part Ways.?? https://t.co/vbx9DDzVVm#Sundowns pic.twitter.com/Vjhr3TrDYV 