  THE last Rivonia Trialist, Andrew Mlangeni has
died. The Struggle veteran died at the age of 95
following his hospitalisation at the 1 Military Hospital in Tshwane. His granddaughter, Mpumi Mlangeni confirmed
Mlangeni's passing to Daily Sun this morning. The Struggle veteran was hospitalised following an
abdominal complaint. "President Cyril Ramaphosa offers his sincere
condolences to the Mlangeni Family as well as the friends, comrades, and
associates of the Struggle hero countrywide and internationally," the
Presidency said through a statement. The President participated in Bab’ Mlangeni’s
birthday celebration last month in the company of, among other notable guests,
President Thabo Mbeki, President Kgalema Motlanthe, and Prince Mangosuthu
Buthelezi. President Ramaphosa said: “The passing of Andrew
Mekete Mlangeni signifies the end of generational history and places our future
squarely in our hands. “Until recently, we were able to sit at Bab’
Mlangeni’s feet and draw on his wealth of wisdom and his unfailing commitment –
even at his very advanced age – to a better life for all South Africans. He added “Bab’ Mlangeni’s dramatic life was a
unique example of heroism and humility inhabiting the same person and
throughout his long life, he remained a beacon of ethical leadership and care
for humanity in our own country and around the globe. Ramaphosa said with his passing as the last
remaining Rivonia Trialist, Bab’ Mlangeni has indeed passed the baton to his
compatriots to build the South Africa he fought to liberate and to reconstruct
during our democratic dispensation. He described him as a champion and exemplar of the
values we need to build a South Africa that provides dignity and opportunity
for all and which takes its rightful place in the global community of nations. “My thoughts are with the Mlangeni Family today and
with all who have had the blessing of meeting and being touched by Bab’
Mlangeni’s passion for achieving a better society as well as his passion for a
life that is well-rounded, adventurous, healthy and embracing of people from
all walks of life.” Mlangeni was awarded Isithwalandwe Seaparankwe –
the highest honour by the African National Congress for those who have made an
outstanding contribution to the liberation struggle in 1992 – and received the
Presidential Order for Meritorious Service: Class 1: Gold from President Nelson
Mandela in 1999.  