MANY couples may find it hard to believe, there’s such a thing as oversharing in a relationship. According to psychology, oversharing’s the freedom of people speaking the truth and not hiding anything from their partners. It’s being honest and straightforward. Although this sounds normal, psychologists argue otherwise. Oversharing can lead to a serious fallout and tragic ending to one’s relationship and marriage. Olebogeng Morake (29) from Diepkloof, Soweto, learned this the hard way. This when she “accidently and unintentionally” shared her previous relationship experiences with her fiancé. Said Olebogeng: “I used to tell him how much my ex-boyfriend spent on me, how he pressed the right buttons in the bedroom, and how he drove my favourite car.” Olebogeng said she thought she was being honest about her past relationship, but learned she was driving a wedge between her partner and her. Couples often can go overboard when talking about their exes and sharing things they’d have been better off keeping to themselves. This includes things such as personal matters. We all go through a lot in our lives, and sometimes it’s good to find a space to vent your challenges. But it’s acceptable to a degree to share some of these things with your partner – and can sometimes blow up in your face. Tshepo Baloyi (33) from Cosmo City, Jozi, also learned this the hard way when his ex-girlfriend embarrassed him at a friend’s party. “I used to share everything with my girlfriend,” Tshepo commented. “From my fights with my mum, to the mental health issues suffered by one of my siblings. “I thought I was sharing my pain with someone I love, but soon found out at a party I was a crybaby. I was always complaining and never a real man, according to my ex-girlfriend,” said Tshepo. Emotional and personal matters need to be handled delicately in any relationship. They can often come back to bite you, if not handled properly and with care. My late grandmother wisely said: “Sometimes, keeping your pain to yourself is healing.” So, keep certain things to yourself.