CONTROVERSIAL leader
of the Enlightened Christian Gathering Church (ECGC) Shepherd Bushiri and his
wife Mary made a brief appearance at the Gauteng North Hight Court for the
start of their trial case in Tshwane Monday. The couple was
arrested last year in February and they are facing charges of fraud, money
laundering, and the contravention of the Prevention of Organised Crime Act for
offenses they allegedly committed from 2015. Despite Bushiri
calling for calm, his supporters came in numbers to support him during his
first day of trial with his wife. As usual, the
congregants had their placards way up the sky singing for their ‘Papa’. Police were there to
monitor the situation outside the court and dispensed the crowd which was
slowly gathering and not practicing social distancing. It was supposed to be
the start of the trial for Bushiri and his wife, but it was postponed to 16 of
October this year. The state said the
reason for the postponement was that their witnesses refused and failed to show
up in court out of the fear of contacting COVID-19. The couple is
currently out on an R100 000 bail each. Bushiri said he was
not happy about the case being postponed. He added that he and his wife took a
risk as well to come to court during the Covid-19 pandemic but witnesses on the
other hand could not be present saying they feared Corona. Bushiri also has
appealed for calm from his followers and asked that they pray for him and his
wife as they are about to start with their trail. From their first court
appearance at the Specialised Commercial Crimes Court in Tshwane, they have
been embraced by thousands and thousands of their supporters. In fear of that
happening again, the ECG church has called for its supporters and church
members to adhere to the lockdown regulations. In a statement by ECG
Bushiri spokesman Ephraim Nyondo said in the wake of COVID-19, the church
wishes to advise all those who will be standing with their leaders to observe
and adhere to set health regulations of their respective countries. He said: "The
church would also like to extend its deepest appreciation to those that have
been sending messages of solidarity through the hashtag
#IstandWithMajor1."