BANYANA Banyana youngster Karabo Dhlamini is one of the players from whom much is expected in the future, especially given the flying start her career got off to. The Tembisa-born star may just be 18-years-old, but she has already represented her country in two World Cups – a feat not even some of the more experienced players can match. She was part of the team that represented Mzansi at the Women’s Under-17 Fifa World Cup in Uruguay two years ago, playing an important role for Bantwana at the tournament. And last year, Dhlamini was selected as part of the Banyana squad that made history in France by participating at the Fifa Women’s World Cup for the first time. This feat has spurred the youngster on to keep setting the bar high as she now looks to help the national Under-20 team qualify for their first ever World Cup. The tournament, which was originally scheduled to take place in August in Panama and Costa Rica, has now been postponed to early next year because of the coronavirus outbreak. Dhlamini, who is a big part of Basetsana coach Jabulile Baloyi’s plans, would be delighted to participate in her third World Cup. “What I can say is that it is every players dream to play for your country at the biggest stage of them all, the World Cup,” said the former Bantwana vice-captain. “It’s a big achievement for any player. Playing there has opened doors for a lot of our players. “We have seen what it has done for most of our players who are now playing abroad.” Apart from cementing her place in coach Desiree Ellis’ Banyana squad that will embark on the journey to qualify for the next World Cup, Dhlamini has dreams of moving abroad soon. Having seen stars like Thembi Kgatlana, Jermaine Seoposenwe, Linda Motlhalo, Bambanani Mbane and many more earn moves abroad, Dhlamini also looks to follow in their footsteps. “I also have goals of playing abroad like some of our best players,” added Dhlamini. “I want to also play a role in inspiring the younger generation to dream big and to make them believe that they can achieve big things if they continue to chase their dreams.”