  EASTERN Cape Judge
Patrick Jaji died on Sunday after being hospitalised for COVID-19. In a statement issued
by the Office of the Chief Justice, today said Jaji’s death will be deeply felt
by his colleagues and the staff in the Eastern Cape Division of the High Court. "On behalf of the
South African Judiciary, Judge President Selby Mbenenge, Judge President of the
Eastern Cape Division of the High Court, has passed his condolences to the
family and friends of the late Judge Patrick Jaji, who passed away on 12 July
2020," the office said in a statement. Jaji leaves behind his
wife and children. He was permanently
appointed to the High Court on 1 November 2017. Before that, he served
as an attorney from ?1996 to 2010. "The Judges and
staff of the Eastern Cape Division were shocked to learn of the sudden and
untimely death of Judge Jaji. He had tested positive for COVID-19 and had been subsequently
hospitalised," continued the statement. Judge President
Mbenenge said: “The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have now reached the
doorstep of the Judiciary in a very real and saddening way. Judge Jaji was a
dedicated bastion of the Constitution and rule of law. His untimely death robs
us of the opportunity to experience his future contribution to the Judiciary.” Jaji graduated from
the University of Durban Westville (Now the University of KwaZulu-Natal), where
he obtained his B. Proc and LL B degrees. In 2003 he obtained an MSc in
Transport and Maritime Management, from Antwerp University in Brussels. In 2015 he was
appointed as a Magistrate in Cape Town until his permanent appointment as a
Judge in 2017. He was previously
appointed as an Acting Magistrate (?2010-2015), then as an Acting Judge in the
Free State Division of the High Court, Bloemfontein (2014); and the Eastern
Cape Division High Court, Grahamstown and Port Elizabeth (2017). "The Judiciary
extends its heartfelt condolences to his wife, his children, family, and
friends. May his soul rest in
peace" concluded the statement.