THE decision to bring back more  grades to schools tomorrow has been received
with mixed feelings by parents and teacher unions.  Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga held a virtual
press conference earlier updating on the latest plans for schools as the coronavirus
continues to force all sectors to adapt.  She also gave an update on the progress since the return of
Grades 7 and 12 last month.  “Since the return of Grades 7 and 12 learners on 8 June, 2
740 teachers, of the total number of about 440 000 teachers, were infected by
the virus.  “This is equivalent to less than one percent of the entire
teacher population in our country,” she said.  She said in the same period, 1 260 pupils were infected by
the virus.  “This implies that 0.01% of our learners, were infected by
the virus,” she said.  Motshekga said to mitigate challenges, they continue to
provide support to pupils at home with a variety of platforms, including radio,
TV, online and of course in school.  “We have 197 sites that are zero-rated and have good
curriculum content that can be accessed, whether one has data or not,” said
Motshekga.  Parent Siya Zwane said it didn’t make sense to phase in more
grades when half the time schools were being closed because of Covid-19.  “This is no longer about quality education. This is more
about finishing the year despite the challenges,” he said.  Another parent Sarah Malatji said she was going to send her
two children to school but would hold the minister liable if they got infected.  “We’ve been pleading with the minister not to open schools
just yet. But it seems she knows best, so we will put our children’s life in
her hands,” she said.  In a statement, SADTU said it was extremely disappointed by
the move to reintroduce extra classes as many schools were still experiencing
infrastructural challenges.  They stated that many schools still required needs such as
water and ablution facilities.  SADTU spokeswoman Nomusa Cembi said: “We are also worried
about the issue of space, because we found that there are schools where Grade
7s or Grade 12s have occupied the whole school while we have not seen mobile classrooms
being brought in to ensure social distancing.”