FANS of the Khelobedu Music producer and artist King Monada continue to send condolences to him and his family after his niece died from a short illness. Tumisho Kgatle (3) died on Friday night at the Hospital after she was attacked by a short illness and later succumbed to the disease.   King Monada sadly announced the passing of his brother's daughter Tumisho on social media on Sunday. Heartbroken Monada, real name Khutso  Kgatle said "Death may have taken her away from ud, but it could never take your memories with us away. You will always be in our hearts and may your soul rest in peace pumpkin." He said. Family spokesman Albert Makwela says the little girl Tumisho had a period of a week not feeling well but her father Lucky Kgatle took her to the doctor but on Friday her illness worsened where they had to take her to the hospital where she died. He told Daily Sun that "The little girl was very close to her uncle (Monada) as he had lived with her in the same house. Her passing has really affected him badly including both her parents. Looking at them you can see that everyone in the family is shocked as they had thought that Tumisho will recover from the illness." He said. Makwela further said that the body of Tumisho it's still at the government mortuary so they are only waiting for for the body to be released after some paper work process to the family's preferred funeral parlour for her burial. "The family is yet to decide when will they bury the baby but soon we will know when will the burial takes place. We also thank King Monada's fans for condolences messages they have been sending to him and his family during this difficult time." He said. Makwela has warned that they are going to be strict to ensure that COVID-19 regulations on funerals are obeyed. "Monada is a people's person and most of his fans locally and other provinces will lime to come and support him but it's not possible that they will be accommodat, only 50 people from the family will be allowed for the funeral service." He said.