AMAZULU were booted out at the Moses Mabhida Stadium, even though the club claim to have left at their own will. The club moved their offices from the iconic 2010 Fifa World Cup venue to Kings Park Stadium, which is a stone’s throw away from Moses Mabhida. AmaZulu are also training outside the Sharks venue instead of People’s Park, which is the main facility. SunSport reported last year the bone of contention between the club and the eThekwini Municipality who weren’t happy after the club removed Moses Mabhida as their third choice venue. With their action, the 2010 World Cup venue was left as a white elephant as Usuthu registered Kings Park Stadium as their third choice. AmaZulu are using King Zwelithi Stadium in Umlazi and Princess Magogo Stadium in KwaMashu as their home venues. The PSL has stipulated clubs must have three home venues registered to play home games. According to municipal officials last year, this left them angry and they threatened not to support Usuthu financially, with the R3.2 million amount per season. Then the stadium renewed their relationship with Kaizer Chiefs for another three years to play some of their home games there, and the stadium also has a one year rolling contract with Bidvest Wits, who had their issues with Bidvest Stadium. That left Usuthu general manager Lunga Sokhela angry, saying the municipality has not addressed their concerns raised over years. However, AmaZulu media officer Brilliant Mkhathini downplayed the feud. “Our move (to Kings Park) is mainly motivated with establishing a mutual goal with the Sharks to grow both our brands. “Learning from each other and for us having our youth academies closer to us for proper development as well as our offices,” he said. When the country went under the lockdown due to the Covid-19 pandemic in March, AmaZulu had no venue to train as People’s Park became a quarantine area for homeless people. When AmaZulu passed the PSL Covid-19 compliance protocols to resume training last week, People’s Park was still not available as it is still used for the homeless who are being fed by NGOs, according to city deputy mayor Belinda Scott. Hence Usuthu moved to the rugby venue. “It has nothing to do with Covid19. Our contract ran out and we informed MMS well before time of our intention to move and we were in fact delayed by the lockdown,” added Mkhathini “We were supposed to move sooner. We have a great relationship with MMS and the city.” Efforts to solicit comment from stadium manager, Vusi Mazibuko and Lunga Lamula, who is the stadium operations manager, proved fruitless.