 WHEN THE strange illness struck Mthandeni he started shaking, his body becoming hot and his feet going cold. So far nobody has explained his strange condition. AND WITH FEAR IN THEIR EYES, PEOPLE ARE ASKING: “IS THIS THE WORK OF TOKOLOSHES?” The panic and confusion among the friends and family of maskandi star Mthandeni “Igcokama Elisha” Manqele is very real. He felt better in the mornings, he told Daily Sun, but he felt sick at night. He said when the illness attacked, his body got very hot and he started shaking uncontrollably, but his feet went cold. Many among his family and his fans believe there’s darkness at work. The Iskorokoro Sami singer has been forced to move from Joburg back to his home in eMdletsheni in KwaHlabisa, northern KZN, to recover. A number of people thought he had the coronavirus, but his manager Simphiwe Masondo told Daily Sun it was definitely not the virus. “We’re all confused by the illness,” said Simphiwe. “He doesn’t have corona symptoms. “He’s always tired and can’t sleep at night. “We’ve been trying to get help from doctors for more than a week, but his condition hasn’t changed. “During the day, everything is fine but the illness attacks him at night.” They’d tried prayer but were so far not winning the war against a seemingly evil illness. “Mthandeni believes in God. He has hope that he’ll beat this. His family are God-fearing people and praying with him,” said Simphiwe. He said there were no plans to go beyond doctors and prayer. Maskandi star Phumlani “Imfezemnyama” Khumalo, who recently worked with Mthandeni on a Covid-19 song released last month, told Daily Sun it pained him that his colleague was sick. “He called and said he’s sick and can’t sleep. I wish him a speedy recovery,” he said. “He’s a talented musician and easy to work with. We flowed when we recorded the song.” Imfezemnyama said Mthandeni assured him he doesn’t have the dreaded virus. “He must recover and come back,” said Phumlani. Legendary maskandi artist, Mandla “Shwi” Xaba of Shwi NoMtekhala duo, wished Mthandeni a speedy recovery. “He’s a young talented musician with a bright future. We’re not ready to lose him,” he told Daily Sun. “I worked with him on a song a few years back and he was amazing.” But traditional healer Sazi Mhlongo said: “These are symptoms of a tokoloshe attack.” “Doctors will not be able to see it. “They will say he has heart disease. “He must consult traditional healers before it’s too late.”