MORE than 120 coaches and officials are in desperate need after the coronavirus outbreak wrecked the tennis season due to the impact of the lockdown. The technical personnel benefitted mostly from the distribution of electronic food vouchers under the Tennis Cares fundraising drive, an initiative of Tennis SA (TSA) and partners. TSA confirmed 123 people had received support to date from the scheme. It also confirmed a further 23 personnel will be assisted this week. An independent panel of Tennis Cares met earlier this week to review the ninth batch of the funding of applicants. According to the association, the assistance provided is specifically in the form of electronic food vouchers that can be used at leading retailers in the country. Tennis coaches and other officials were left in a lurch after the national lockdown was imposed at the end of March, which led to the suspension of sporting activities. Major tournaments in the local and international circuits have been postponed. Locally, this included the SA Spring Open scheduled for September and October. Covid-19 cases have surged between the announcement of the lockdown. However, there is a glimmer of hope regarding the return of the sport after TSA recently confirmed all categories of club tennis players could resume playing. All categories of coaching can return. This is subject to all players and facilities complying with strict safety measures put in place to ensure observance of government protocols. Meanwhile, badminton has confirmed a return, based on a phased-in approach. Badminton SA confirmed the breakthrough after Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa approved its proposal to return to court. The return will be in three phases, starting this week with only normal risk players in national teams and training academies. The last phase will be on 27 August, to include social players and players older than 60 years old. Glen Brothers, BSA president, said the approval of the operational plan was a positive step forward. “We are happy to begin the process of resuming to normal play,” he said. Mthethwa however, warned the plan would be revoked if any venue or club did not adhere to safety protocols outlined by the government. The government will conduct spot-checks. “I understand that we all have been waiting for this and urge all provinces, clubs and players to follow the guidelines,” Brothers appealed. – CAJ NEWS