Broadway actor Nick Cordero who recently lost his leg to Covid-19 has died from the virus. The Canadian is best known for his role as Cheech in the 2014 Broadway musical Bullets Over Broadway. The 41-year-old actor died on Sunday. READ | QUEEN K IS MAKING A COME BACK His wife took to Instagram and said: "God has another angel in heaven now. "My darling husband passed away this morning. He was surrounded in love by his family, singing and praying as he gently left this earth. "I am in disbelief and hurting everywhere. My heart is broken as I cannot imagine our lives without him. "Nick was such a bright light. He was everyone’s friend, loved to listen, help and especially talk. He was an incredible actor and musician. He loved his family and loved being a father and husband. "Elvis and I will miss him in everything we do, every day." Daily Sun previously reported that the actor had to undergo a six hour surgery to remove his leg due to coronavirus complications. At the time of the surgery Nick’s wife said: “We’ve had issues in his right leg with clotting and getting blood down his toes. They had to put him on blood thinners for the clotting and unfortunately the blood thinners were causing other issues, so the right leg will be amputated.” Before he was hospitalised at Cedars-Sinai Medical Centre in Los Angeles, Nick was performing in Rock of Ages. SEE POST BELOW: God has another angel in heaven now. My darling husband passed away this morning. He was surrounded in love by his family, singing and praying as he gently left this earth. ? I am in disbelief and hurting everywhere. My heart is broken as I cannot imagine our lives without him. Nick was such a bright light. He was everyone’s friend, loved to listen, help and especially talk. He was an incredible actor and musician. He loved his family and loved being a father and husband. Elvis and I will miss him in everything we do, everyday. ? To Nicks extraordinary doctor, Dr. David Ng, you were my positive doctor! There are not many doctors like you. Kind, smart, compassionate, assertive and always eager to listen to my crazy ideas or call yet another doctor for me for a second opinion. You’re a diamond in the rough. ? ? I cannot begin to thank everyone enough for the outpour of love , support and help we’ve received these last 95 days. You have no idea how much you lifted my spirits at 3pm everyday as the world sang Nicks song, Live Your Life. We sang it to him today, holding his hands. As I sang the last line to him, “they’ll give you hell but don’t you light them kill your light not without a fight. Live your life,” I smiled because he definitely put up a fight. I will love you forever and always my sweet man. ?? A post shared by  AK! ?? (@amandakloots) on Jul 5, 2020 at 6:05pm PDT   