GLADAFRICA Championship teams will know their fate in the next PSL Board of Governors (BoG) meeting. SunSport has learnt that the 16 first division clubs might not return to complete the campaign, which was suspended in March due to the coronavirus outbreak. There is speculation that the Championship season will be cancelled. Our informant revealed: “In a recent PSL Board of Governors (BoG) meeting, there was a proposal that someone was strongly proposing that the Championship shouldn’t continue. “However, that was not entertained, I think it’s because the costs, (how much first division teams will spend in the ‘bio-bubble’ camp) were not known by that time. “Now since they know (the costs they will incur) they could finish the league without playing the remaining games.” The source added that teams will meet on Friday where a final decision will be taken. If the ending of the Championship is approved, Ajax Cape Town who are at the top of the table will win automatic promotion to the Absa Premiership. While second-placed Swallows FC and third-placed Uthongathi will qualify for the promotion and relegation play-offs, where they will be joined by the team that will finish second-from-bottom in the Premiership standings. Due to uncertainty when the league will resume, Swallows have been forced to call off their camp which was based in Joburg. Swallows chairman, David Mogashoa, confirmed they have ended their camp but the team continues training. “We realised that it is pointless to be in camp while we do not even know when the league will resume. We were spending a lot of money. As far as I know, we waiting for the referees (to pass fitness test), what if they test positive and they have to quarantine? So we might wait longer I don’t know,” Mogashoa said. “It is mandatory that we will do the tests before going to the bio-bubble camp… so we are going to test again once we clear with everything. We can’t keep the players away from their families while we do not know when they will return to the field.” Mogashoa said they are not going to entertain the “nonsensical” idea of ending the Championship, but will wait for the outcome of Friday’s meeting where everything will be finalised. “That idea is nonsensical. It won’t work. We want to finish this in the field of play. If they want to finish our season now, all leagues should end as well.” Initially, the PSL had proposed the past weekend to resume matches, however that couldn’t happen as the mother body Safa, which needs to provide match referees, said in a statement the PSL could only resume in the first week of August. Said the statement: “According to the Referees Sub-Committee of the Technical Committee, the first week of August 2020 is the appropriate date for the commencement of NSL matches. “The 110 match officials will be subjected to the medical and mandatory fitness test,”