Residents from Burundi squatter camp in Mfuleni have been sleeping in pools of water for three days. Cape Town has been raining since Thursday and many people had their shacks filled with flooding water. Zodwa France said they have been suffering like this for the past three years and their cry to the government have fallen on deaf ears. “We don’t know what to do anymore because our cry has fallen on deaf ears when people want to be elected, they come and promise but after that, they get a vote they do nothing,” she said. Expect pictures When Sunteam arrived at her shack Zodwa and her sister Nosibusiso said they have been trying to take water out of their shack for three days. “When we mop out the water from our shack then the rain comes again meaning the shack floods again. It has been three days of rain and we have given up on mopping, we had to sleep on the bed while our furniture and other property were in the water,” said Nosibusiso. Community leader Siphokazi Dyantyi (45) said she has been inundated with reports by residents who have flooding shacks. “This problem of flooding started three years ago some community leaders sold the land to people to build shacks on places which were not supposed to be built. This has led to the blockage of some drains that were meant to move water our of our shacks, Now the water doesn’t have anywhere to go,” she said. Disaster Management spokeswoman Charlotte Powell said informal settlements that have been affected by the inclement weather are Taiwan and BM Section in  Khayelitsha, Sweethome Farm, Kosovo, Philippi, Wallacedene, Sir Lowry's Pass Village, Mfuleni, Delft, Nyanga and Gugulethu. "The Informal Settlement Management Department is making assessments and providing flood kits and Transport is providing sand and milling. The Coastal Park disposal site has flooded, as well as numerous roadways across the city - most notably in Fish Hoek and Hout Bay. The Transport Department is providing sandbags to residents," she said.  Powell said the water table is already high due to the prevailing weather conditions, and more downpours that are expected may lead to more flooding.