 MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has welcomed the return of Rhulani Mokwena at the clubs with warm hands. Misimane believes Mokwena will be a valuable asset as he returns at the club with more experience. "The prodigal son returns... I think it's going to be the talk of the town," Mosimane said. "I think we should focus on him coming back, why he comes back? Because of the value he adds, he started his career here, he's been here with us for many years. "The battle is too big that is why we felt that it is important to get him back help u on the battle" "If two parties want each other, wants to meet they will meet and we just have done that" "Of-course he did move on like anybody else, we are all coaches we are ambitious people so we always want to try to test yourself why not? And is very brave for a young coach to move an explore to see what's in for him, he did that which is good" "He is now a better person a better coach. Three years down the line as head coach he has learnt a lot" "He has had his own challenges experience, he has seen things. All I'm happy with is I'm receiving an improved Rhulani" Mosimane added that there's not much that needs to be introduced to Mokwena" "The good thing is you don't sell the team to Rhulani, because we never changed how we play" "The philosophy of Mamelodi Sundowns has been the same and I have never changed" "That is why I said when he left I said when he left he left with the classified book, he has brought it back and now we need to edit and upgrade what he had." Mokwena, the former Orlando Pirates and Chippa United coach, was confirmed as a Downs employee again on Wednesday. Mokwena served as Pitso Mosimane’s assistant coach for three years, where he enjoyed success as part of the Caf Champions League-winning team. He left the Brazilians to take up the position at Pirates as assistant coach to Milutin Sredojevic in 2017 and later became the interim head coach when the latter quit. Things didn’t work out well at the Bucs hot seat until the club hired Josef Zinnbauer to save their ship that was sinking. However, the arrival of Zinnbauer saw him leaving the team to join Chippa on six months loan deal after not being in the Pirates bench for some time. 