HE STOLE from a sangoma and he is paying a dirty price. He may be in bed or walking down the street and suddenly, there is the buzz of flies and a funny smell. AND HE KNOWS WHAT HAS HAPPENED IN HIS PANTS AGAIN! Thulas Sthole (35) from Duduza, Ekurhuleni, told Daily Sun it was the worst mistake of his life. “I kak myself every single day. I don’t feel anything, but suddenly there are flies and people start pointing at me and closing their noses,” he said. “My girlfriend fought with me about it. It happened twice and she left. It chased my woman away.” He said it has happened about 10 times in the last two weeks. “I went to a doctor, but he couldn’t help me.” His mum Nomvula Sthole (70) took him to a sangoma, who asked him who he had stolen from. “I was afraid to answer in front of my mum. She didn’t know what I had done,” he said. “The sangoma looked at me and told me I was a thief and that I had stolen from a sangoma. He said this was a punishment from him and his ancestors. He said I had to go and apologise.” Thulas said he confessed to his mum and they went to the sangoma. His mum said the sangoma told them to bring three cows before everything could get back to normal. “My son is unemployed. I’m unemployed too. We don’t know where we will get the money to buy the cows,” she said. “I did not know my son was a thief. I would have tried to stop him from stealing had I known.” Thulas said he thinks he got off lightly. “It could have been worse. He only made me kak myself. I’m willing to change and start going to church,” he said. Sangoma Mphumuzeni Ndwandwe from Tsakane said that he went to visit a client and when he came back, he found his home had been trashed. “He stole my clothes, my TV and radio and my other phone. Then he went to my indumba and stole the cash in the altar.” Ndwandwe said he would have forgiven him if he had only stolen from the house. “But going to my indumba to steal cash was total disrespect to me and the ancestors,” he said. “He is not only apologising to me, but also to the ancestors.” Ndwandwe said he doesn’t want money. “He has to pay three cows for forgiveness. If not, he will shit himself forever.” Thulas’s girlfriend, Ntombizodwa Nkosi, (30) said he spoiled her with nice gifts. “I didn’t know where he got the money since he wasn’t working. He never told me he was a thief. We always had a nice time together. But then he started messing himself. I couldn’t stay for that,” said Ntombizodwa. 