MOST PSL coaches have expressed their frustration with the confusing turn of events whether they will be playing football this month, or whether they should wait a little bit longer. In fact, even some club bosses are also in the dark following the cold war between SA Football Association (Safa) and the PSL for the resumption of football this weekend. PSL chairman Irvin Khoza will address the media at mid-day today to clear the air on the whole soap opera if the Premiership will resume on 18 July as anticipated. The long wait due to coronavirus pandemic has left everyone frustrated to reclaim their lives. But the deadlock between PSL and Safa, who want the season to be delayed until next month, has rubbed more salt to their wound. “As coaches we are keeping contact, but everybody doesn’t know (what is happening) because there are too many rumours and too many stories about resumption of the season,” said Kerr. “I spoke to my chairman yesterday and I said one minute we are told one thing, the next we are told something else. We still have to play in the Nedbank Cup and also finish our remaining league games. “The PSL and Safa have a big decision to make, if they get it right fantastic, but if they don’t then there will be repercussions. Why not sing from the same hymn sheet. I am a football coach and I have never been asked about the safety of my players and staff. The powers that be have a tough job, but they need to work with Safa under government guidelines to make the right choice. We want to finish the season so that we can get ready for the next one, but lives come first. At the moment we are going to Gauteng (to play remaining games), it’s the epicentre of the virus. As footballers are we wrapped in one shield that we won’t get the virus?” He said: “Remember how long it took them to make a decision about the start of training? And that was despite the minister (Nathi Mthethwa) giving the go-ahead for contact and non-contact sport to resume training. We are coaches and not politicians and we cannot be drawn into this spat between Safa and the PSL. We have players to protect, and now we’re being put at the risk of taking our players to Gauteng where the virus is growing fast”