THE PSL is expected to OFFICIALLY announce dates and venues for the resumption of the Absa Premiership today. But the football public is keen to know if indeed the games will resume as planned on Saturday. According to a PSL letter, addressed to the SA Football Association, the league is geared to restart the season which has been suspended since mid-March. Gauteng has been chosen as the biologically safe environment (BSE) venue, with training and matches expected to be played in Joburg, Tshwane, and in Ekurhuleni. PSL chairman Irvin Khoza is expected to explain this and other decisions taken at the Board of Governors (BoG) meeting last week when he addresses a virtual press briefing today. But the country’s football governing body is having none of it and indications are that they will throw a spanner in the works. According to Acting Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe, it is not practical for the league campaign to resume on 18 July. In a letter to his PSL counterpart, Mato Madlala, Motlanthe expressed disappointment at the manner in which the PSL was going on about resumption plans. “The unilateral confirmation of training venues and date for resumption of play on 18 July by the NSL goes against the spirit of our meeting and the resolution of the Joint Liaison Committee (JLC), “Motlanthe said in a letter. “One of the primary considerations for the return to play is that mobilisation administration, group training, and conditioning of match officials cannot be done in haste. “It must be executed meticulously and with due regard to Caf and Fifa’s prescripts. This is in addition to the prerogative to respect the process outlined by the government.” The governing body has often found itself at odds with the affiliate member, PSL, over football activity resumption under lockdown. But the intervention of Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa has been crucial in unifying the warring parties for a common cause and that is to ensure professional leagues conclude their season, despite the strict government Covid-19 prevention measures. PSL teams are already in camps preparing for the restart.