KAIZER Chiefs star Lebogang Manyama is determined to continue where he left off before the coronavirus enforced break, and that is to keep setting the Absa Premiership alight and help Amakhosi win the title. The Alexandar-born star has undoubtedly been a vital cog in the Chiefs outfit that look like it means business this season. They are perched on top of the Premiership table ahead of the proposed restart early next month – four points clear of second placed Mamelodi Sundowns, who have a game in hand. Amakhosi, who have not been challenging for the title for the last four seasons, have looked like real contenders for the better part of the currently suspended campaign. Manyama scored six goals and provided eight assists this season – the most by any player – as he looks to replicate the same sort of form that saw him crowned the Footballer of the Season in the 2016-17 season in the colours of Cape Town City. He will be eager to pick up from where he left off and help Chiefs end their four season long trophy drought by clinching the title. Speaking to his club’s media team, Manyama said he is excited to be preparing for a long awaited return to the field next month. “It was good to see that everyone was safe and healthy when we got together for training. “When it comes to getting back on the field, obviously I have missed that a lot because it’s something that has been unusual,” said Manyama. “I have never had such a long break, never mind the injuries. I’ve never gone this long without training on the pitch. It’s very different, I’ve never had that in my life.” Added Manyama: “I was looking forward to being with guys because when you’re teammates you get used to spending time with each other.” Manyama has promised the Amakhosi faithful that they will give the remainder of the season their all in the attempt to finish the campaign with a piece of silverware. But in Sundowns, they have a rival that has plenty of experience in recent years when it comes to title races, having edged Orlando Pirates in the late stages of each of the last two seasons. “We have goals that we have set for ourselves and we need to try and achieve those goals come the end of the season,” insisted a determined Manyama.