 MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has revealed that they are experiencing "lots of injuries" as they are gearing up for the Absa Premiership resumption. The Premier Soccer League (PSL) teams returned to training in the past two weeks following government approval. However, the South Africa Football Association (Safa) and PSL have been engaging on the return date of the league which was suspended in March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. Last week the was a  glimmer of hope that football might return to action this weekend as the PSL had proposed 18 July as resumption date. However, Safa announced that according to the Referees Sub-Committee of the Technical Committee, the first week of August 2020 is the appropriate date for the commencement of NSL matches. "We are experiencing lots of injuries," concerned Mosimane tweeted."Training load content was designed for games starting in July. "Football training periodisation and principles of training‚ of progressive loading‚ are thrown out of the window and unfortunately, that is the reality and players suffer." We are experiencing lots of injuries .Training load content was designed for games starting in https://t.co/Uv00Ozb9I3 training Periodisation and principles of training,of progressive loading are thrown out of the window and unfortunately that is the reality & players suffer.?? During the week, Mosimane said one of key players Thapelo Morena has not fully recovered from career threatening injury he suffered early this year. Mosimane said: "He is running with the boys, he still has stiffness in his ankle, we can see sometimes after a heavy session, he limps a little bit” “It means he is not ready.“He can run normally and control the ball, he is on the last phase of his rehab” Sundowns are the defending champions and they will be hoping to retain number one spot which is currently occupied y Chiefs and win the title for a record of 10 times.Sundowns have gathered 44 points from 21 games, they are four points behind Chiefs who are at the top with 48 points.   