 MAMELODI Sundowns assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena is delighted to have rejoined his family. Mokwena re-joined Sundowns after leaving Chippa United as his loan spell was not extended. He is currently at the camp with Sundowns in Rustenburg ahead of the PSL's proposed restart in the next few weeks. "Of course seeing a lot of familiar faces Hlompho Kekana, Denis Onyango, Kennedy Mweene, Themba Zwane is always exciting because most of these players that are at Sundowns are people that I've got very good relations with. "I left Sundowns knowing that they are not just players that I know but they are family and they knew that in me they got a family member for life because of the good relationship that we have. "I'm glad that I left Sundowns and I could easily consider myself a good person and I could easily consider myself a good person when I return to Sundowns and I think that for me has allowed me to really embrace this opportunity that I have been given." Mokwena is confident that Sundowns will continue with their dominance in the PSL and also conquer the continent. He said: "Well it's a very simple thing.Teamwork makes dream work. "And the dream that we have is a dream that is known by many leads by the ambition of the president who supports us in saying he wants the club to be the best club not only in South Africa but in the continent the dream is  driven by the appetite and the relentlessly pursued success that the head coach possesses, his drive hard work is what pushed the dream. "And moreover the quality of the players help us toward achieving the dream but it wouldn't be anything without the magnitude of the loyal supporters who dream the same dream speak the same language and have the same desire to support a club that they want to see being the best club in the African continent. "And mine is to continue to serve to lay my part and making sure that I am part of the team that is endlessly pursuing that many would call an impossible dream. Sky is the limit." 