LUC Eymael has been sacked as coach of Tanzania Premier League side Young African Sports Club! The former Free State Stars and Black Leopards mentor, known for his controversial statements, was allegedly jettisoned after he made careless comments. ”I don’t enjoy your country (Tanzania). You’re uneducated people. I am disgusted. I don’t have a car, WiFi or DSTV. These fans don’t know anything about football. It’s like monkeys or dogs when they’re shouting,”  Eymael has been quoted as saying by the local media in Tanzania. The Belgian accused the Tanzania FA of favouritism after arch foes Simba clinched their third straight league title. Eymael has reportedly "described the club's fans as dogs and monkeys". In a statement released by the club on Monday, the club confirmed the sacking of Eymael with immediate effect as "Timu ya Wananchi" coach. "The leadership of the Yanga club is saddened by the unkind and discriminatory statements made by Luc Eymael, and spread on social media, as well as in the media," statement from the club said. "As a result of these unethical and nonathletic statements, the management of the Yanga club have decided to fire Luc Eymael, starting today 27 July 2020 and make sure the leadership apologizes to the country's leaders, the Tanzania Football Federation (TFF), members, fans and fans of Yanga, as well as the general public for the offensive and insulting statements made by coach. Yanga Club values ??and believes in the principles of discipline and dignity, and opposes any form of discrimination." Eymael has led the Yanga club from position in the Tanzanian league to a second place finish when the season finished this past weekend. Eymael told SunSport on Monday that he is the saviour of the club and was hoping to win the title "but the bumpy pitches and difficulties" made it impossible for him to achieve his goal. BREAKING NEWS!Young Africans SC ???? have SACKED head coach Luc Eymael with immediate effect after he described the club's fans as DOGS and MONKEYS yesterday. pic.twitter.com/SFOh8w2Ugh— N U H U ™? (@NuhuAdams_) July 27, 2020  Eymael has always been surrounded with controversies in African Football. He has coached 13 clubs since 2010. Rayon Sport (Rwanda ????), AFC Leopards (Kenya ????), El Merreikh (Sudan ????), Polokwane, Free State Stars and Black Leopards (Mzansi ????) fans know his endless drama! pic.twitter.com/nIHDqTNWEO      He said: “You have officials who are always officiating against you because you are a poor club and you don’t have any weight at the federation.” ”I don’t enjoy your country (Tanzania). You’re uneducated people. I am disgusted. I don’t have a car, WiFi or DSTV. These fans don’t know anything about football. It’s like monkeys or dogs when they’re shouting, ”... Luc Eymael allegedly said. Booted by @yangasc1935@SunSportSA pic.twitter.com/N7aRNwtam3 — Kgomotso Sethusha (@Kgomotsso) July 27, 2020   