SWALLOWS FC coach Brendon Truter has admitted that having to hold several small group training sessions can be “a little bit frustrating, but it’s necessary at the moment”. Nevertheless, the Dube Birds mentor is delighted to have his charges back in training ahead of the proposed resumption of football in the country. He has stressed the importance of adhering to the strict Covid protocols, which have been set out by the PSL to ensure a safe return to the field. Swallows confirmed that three of their players had tested positive for the deadly virus during preliminary testing over two weeks ago. Truter revealed that the unnamed trio are almost done with quarantine and are set to be tested once again before they can join small group training. “Look, it’s not been easy training in small groups and adhering to the strict safety measures, but it’s something we have to do for our safety,” said Truter. “We are just glad to be back on the training ground. It’s been a long time. “ We are happy to do whatever to ensure that our return is safe and we don’t endanger our players’ lives. “We are also still waiting for the other players to finish with their quarantine and then we will have our full compliment of squad to work with. “There are lot of things to manage now, you have players who are still afraid and have reservations because they are worried about their safety. “You can’t just assume that everyone wants to return to training, but we have been able to reassure everyone that their safety is our priority and we are taking all the measures to ensure this.” Truter said fitness has been an issue since returning to training, with players coming back in different levels of fitness having been training from home for nearly four months. “You know some of the players do not have all those equipments and had to find other ways of keeping themselves fit,” added Truter. “We are working hard on their fitness, trying to get them to the same level. But like I said, it is a bit more difficult when you can’t have them all at the same time.” Swallows are hoping to earn promotion to the land of milk and honey. They are currently second on the GladAfrica Championship standings behind leaders Ajax Cape Town.