AFTER residents allegedly burnt down a hospital because they don’t want a section of it converted into a Covid-19 treatment facility, KZN Health MEC Nomagugu Simelane-Zulu said she is tempted to close down the entire hospital. This is after the Catherine Booth Hospital in Amatikulu near Eshowe, northern KZN, was burnt down on Thursday by unknown people. It is suspected that the torching of this new hospital, which was also burnt down three years ago, is linked to worry among sections of the community over the conversion of a section of the health centre into a Covid-19 treatment facility. The fully furnished centre, with computer equipment and some patient files, also had offices for the occupational safety nurse, monitoring and evaluation personnel, infection prevention and control officials, as well as the public relations officer. Apparently the incident, which also saw shots being fired, took place between midnight and 1am, leaving a security guard with a facial injury. It has prompted KZN MEC Simelane-Zulu to consider closing down the hospital. The 127-bedded hospital currently has 39 patients, three of whom are in isolation and receiving treatment for Covid-19, while another two are in quarantine, awaiting their results. KZN has had 71 240 confirmed Covid-19 cases (37 988 are still active); 769 deaths; and 32 482 recoveries. The province has registered 3164 new cases since Tuesday. At King Cetshwayo District, 5011 people have tested positive for Covid-19, while 69 have died. At least 2 455 people have recovered in the district. Speaking from the hospital, as part of her Covid-19 inspection tour of King Cetshwayo district, Simelane-Zulu said the department has a huge and urgent responsibility to provide as many beds as possible to treat patients with Covid-19, and does not need permission or consultation with any resident to use health facilities as it deems fit. “We are in a crisis. This is a pandemic that all of us are faced with. And the department has a responsibility to ensure that it provides all the beds that are needed, so that those who are Covid-19 positive get the assistance they need,” said the MEC. She said they are going to continue using this hospital for Covid-19 as and when it is necessary for them to do so. “So, if residents don’t allow us to do that, it means they do not need this hospital. So we might then need to go back to the premier and request that this facility be closed down, because we’re not going to have a facility that will be a white elephant and not be utilised,” she said. She said right now, the department, province and country need beds for Covid-19. “So when we are stopped from utilising a facility to save people’s lives, that is something we’re not going to tolerate. That is anarchy, and we will not stand aside and watch,” said Simelane-Zulu. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed that Eshowe cops were investigating arson and malicious damage to property after a group of unknown people attacked the hospital in the early hours of the morning and set alight park home office with computers and other hospital equipments. Gwala said no arrest has been made so far.