AS if they are not already squeezed, PSL clubs face another financial strain as they prepare to go into a biologically safe environment and complete the season. Without a cash influx, the league cannot afford to provide monthly grants, and that means clubs may have to look to other revenue streams to meet monthly financial obligations. The PSL’s partnership with banking giants Absa ended last month, leaving the league without a headline sponsor, and this coming at the time local football grapples with the Covid-19 pandemic. “Unfortunately 30 June was the last time we got a grant from the sponsor,” said PSL chairman Irvin Khoza. “The sponsors, especially the broadcasters, for the last three months, have allowed for us to be paid without asking questions in terms of what we are giving in return. That is why it’s urgent for us to resume the season because, we won’t be able to pay the clubs their grants going forward. “What we have done as the PSL is that we have made sure that we stick to what we promised the players until 30 June.” Clubs are buckling under financial pressure, some unable to pay for the Covid-19 tests, a key measure in the compliance manual for a safe return to training. The PSL has planned to restart the season this weekend, looking to complete the Premiership campaign within six weeks. However, it does not look like it will happen as they have planned. But no player will be allowed back on the pitch without going through the mandatory tests, as outlined in the government’s strict regulations on the return of contact sport. Khoza further explained the league will chip in and give credit to the clubs in that regard. However, he couldn’t over-emphasise the need to complete the season. “All the clubs must play and finish the season with a full complement of the players. If we don’t have the six weeks, it is going to be difficult to end the season. Teams have been under severe strain because most of them don’t have reserve funds,” he said. “Clubs without funds for testing will be assisted and will pay at a later stage.”