 ALL they want is to bury their granddaughter with dignity. The Mona family from Masoyi outside White River in Mpumalanga are calling for the police to release the remains of their daughter, which were exhumed last July at the home of alleged serial killer Julius Mndawe. Noxolo Mdluli (19) was one of the five girls allegedly raped and strangled by Mndawe. The 26-year-old confessed to killing the five girls and went on to point out where he buried their remains. Three of the girls’ remains were buried last year after the DNA results came out positive, but those of Noxolo and Felicia Shabangu are still outstanding. ALSO READ:VIRUS KEEPS ME FROM MY FAMILY Noxolo’s gogo Carolina Mona told Daily Sun the family was not coping. She said they were still in the dark as the police were not even updating them on the progress of the DNA process. “We have been in mourning for a year now. We don’t know what to do and which steps to take. “Police told us they were still waiting for the DNA results. We don’t know why they can’t allow us to bury our child in a dignified way because it’s obvious he killed them. “Is the confession not enough at this stage?” she asked. Carolina said the police were not helping the family. She claims they were told to bring more proof to fast-track the process if they were unhappy. She said they were worried about Noxolo’s mum, as her health was deteriorating due to the issue of the remains. She said the family was not ready for a double tragedy and were calling on government to help them get the remains. In January, parts of Noxolo’s and Felicia’s remains were taken to the Netherlands for thorough tests after local forensic experts failed to get results. Noxolo’s madala, Eric Mona, said cops took both families to the forensic laboratory and they were told they’d send parts of their remains to the Netherlands. He said they told them that meant the process would take longer than three months, but they assured them it wouldn’t. “Now it’s been a year, but nothing is happening. We’re just sitting in the dark not knowing what to do, who to talk to, and who’s going to help.” Eric said with lockdown, they didn’t know how officials would bring the remains back to the country. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said claims of police not updating the families were not true. “The investigation officer created a WhatsApp group where he communicates with the family and the only time he can do so is when the results are back. He doesn’t have information to give as he is also waiting. The remains are still in the Netherlands. There’s no further information for now. “Netherlands will communicate with South Africa as in when they are done with the process.” Hlathi said both families were taken to the laboratory so staff could explain the whole process before sending the remains overseas.