THE PSL season restart can’t come soon enough for Baroka FC. “We are fired up!” exclaimed Baroka chairman Khurishi Mphahlele, whose team have been allocated Bidvest Stadium in Milpark as their home group after yesterday’s draw. “It’s good for us and for the league that we are getting back onto the field. We welcome the decision of the Board of Governors. We have to complete the season.” The PSL announced the season will resume on 8 August and end in early September, starting with the Nedbank Cup semi-finals, bringing to a conclusion a season which was suspended in mid-March due to the Covid-19 outbreak. Like other clubs, Baroka have carried the financial burden, with little to no revenue being generated during the suspension. But Mphahlele has insisted they are in a healthy financial position to complete the mandatory Covid-19 tests, as necessitated by the compliance requirements. Clubs have to carry the costs of the biologically safe environment (BSE) and of the regular tests. “In business, there is a time to invest for the future,” Mphahlele explained. “There will be a negative financial impact. You cannot expect business to make money at this period. But you must have money invested in such situations.” Bakgaga will be one of the four semi-finalists, including Mamelodi Sundowns, Bidvest Wits and Bloemfontein Celtic going into the bio-bubble on 7 August. They will tackle Celtic while Sundowns will be up against the Students. This means the Limpopo side may have to relook their priorities to ensure safety from possible relegation as they sit ominously in 13th spot, just three points away from automatic relegation, with six games left. But Mphahlele is not prioritising any competition over the other. He added: “If we want to roll with the big boys we must play. We can’t complain. The likes of Sundowns play way too many games per annum. But you hardly hear them complain. “Confidence is key in cup competitions. “It’s easier for the coach to motivate the players for big matches. “They are self-motivated. If we go to the final, we can beat any team. We’ve done it before.”