Alwande Sikhosana has reason to be confident that he will make his mark should he qualify for next year’s Tokyo Paralympic Games. The second-best wheelchair player in the world is a firm believer that wasting energy on a tennis court is a sin. When the Tuks-based wheelchair tennis player is in action, he wants to get things done as quick as possible. To the 19-year-old junior player, it boils down to aggressive approach going for a big serve which is paying dividends. But now a new chapter has started, Sikhosana has turned professional. Experienced players should take note he is not going to play to lose. It appears as if the youngster is slightly ambitious as he plans to cause a major upset during the Paralympics. “I only need to get the opportunity to start playing so my ranking will improve,” said Sikhosana. Before the Covid-19 pandemic, he was part of the South African men’s wheelchair tennis team that secured their spot in the 2020 BNP Paribas World Team Cup finals. It proved he could hold his own against older and more experienced players. In 2017, he stunned four-time Soweto Open champion, Leon Els, to win his first men’s singles title at Arthur Ashe Tennis Centre in Soweto. “My strength is definitely my serve. When I find my rhythm, I can put my opponent immediately under pressure. It opens the court, making it easy to win points. “I don’t want to ‘run’ around on the court if I don’t have to,” he said. Sikhosana admits that at first, he found the lockdown tough: “I never thought there would come a time when I would only be able to train at home. “It was challenging to come up with new ideas to keep fit and improve. “In the end, it was all worth it. Physically I feel much stronger. “I also believe that I am mentally tougher. I had time to think about ways I can improve and how I should go about it.” Last year, Tennis South Africa and TuksSport joined forces to assist Mzansi’s best wheelchair tennis players. “For me, personally, it is great news. The greatest benefit is having a proper support team. I am now being assisted by some of the best sports scientists and coaches. Being based at Tuks also means my logistical worries will come to an end. “Tuks is basically a one-stop facility as everything I need is within ‘walking distance’,” said Sikhosana. Last year he did a diploma in audio sound engineering. His dream is to get involved in the production of television and radio advertisements, where he will be responsible for the sound effects.