A  well-known KZN corruption whistleblower Thabiso Zulu has been arrested. Zulu who was a friend of late former ANC youth league Sindiso Magaqa was arrested last night at his home in Copesville kasi in Pietermaritzburg. Sources in the area said Zulu threatened ward 29 councillor Siphamandla Madlala. The source said Zulu allegedly pulled out a firearm and told the councillor he would kill him and burn his home down. The source said the incident could be linked to the service delivery protest Zulu has organised and led in the area. The councillor confirmed to Daily Sun but refused to give more details and said the matter is with the police. He referred the People's Paper to Umsunduzi Municipality spokeswoman Thobeka Mafumbatha for comment. Mafumbatha said the matter has been brought to the municipality's attention. She said the councillor reported the matter, but the speaker of the municipality will attend to it and that there is nothing the municipality will say more about the matter it is with police. "Yes, we can confirm that the councillor did inform us about the incident but in terms of the protocol he will have to formally report it to the speaker and we will take it from there. Zulu has been in the news since his close friend Magaqa was shot in 2018. He accused Umzimkhulu officials of corruption involving the renovation of the heritage town hall. He linked Magaqa's death with the corruption in the municipality because he was vocal about corruption. Last year Zulu survived a shooting in Copesville and was rushed to hospital with serious injuries. After testifying about Magaqa's killing and corruption in Umzimkhulu he said he had received death threats. State Intelligence and the Public Protector Busi Mkhwebane recommended that he be given state protection but the Police minister refused to give him bodyguards and took the matter to court for review. The court dismissed the Public Protector and the Intelligence’s recommendations earlier this month. Provincial cop spokesman Brigadier Jay Naicker said Mountain Rise police are investigating intimidation and incitement to commit public violence case after a 38year-old man threatened the victim. He said the suspect appeared in Pietermaritzburg magistrate court and was released on R500 bail. He will return to court on Thursday.