THE PSL is expected to confirm the restart of the season when they hold a decisive virtual National Soccer League (NSL) Board of Governors (BoG) meeting at noon today. Despite the bio-bubble in Gauteng being expected to hit clubs hard in the pocket, the majority of them are in favour of completing the 2019-20 season. The SA Football Association (Safa) has given the green light for the Premiership to resume on Saturday, following an indefinite suspension in March of football as a result of the coronavirus outbreak. However, SunSport understands that the games could start in the second week of August and not on Saturday, as proposed by Safa. There have been talks of a possible season abandonment, but SunSport has been informed that all PSL competitions – including the Absa Premiership, Nedbank Cup and GladAfrica Championship – will continue behind closed doors. All 32 clubs, having met the requirements as set out by Safa, PSL and government, in accordance to the NSL Covid-19 Health and Safety protocols, are believed to be against the league cancellation. PSL acting CEO Mato Madlala said the decision whether or not to restart will be taken by all the member clubs at the BoG. In the meeting, PSL chairman Irvin Khoza will also brief the members after he met with PSL partners; SuperSport TV, SABC, Nedbank, Absa and GladAfrica. “Whether we restart or not, that decision will be taken by BoG,” said Madlala last week. “Everything is in the hands of all the members on what they want. On top of that, the chairman has engaged all the sponsors and he’ll also report back to the BoG. That will help members to make an informed decision.” This BoG meeting was supposed to take place on Friday, but had to be postponed, following the sad passing of the PSL chairman’s wife Mme Matina Else Khoza last Thursday. Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe, who was part of the Safa/PSL joint task team, along with Madlala, said the PSL has yet to indicate when they want the season to restart. “They just wrote to say they’ll come back to us after the BoG. The feedback will come sometime on Monday,” said Motlanthe about today’s planned BoG meeting that is expected to spark fireworks.