FORMER Kaizer Chiefs and Aarhus GF midfielder Josta Dladla has not been surprised by compatriot Gift Links’ progress in Denmark’s top flight this season. Dladla, who spent three successful seasons with Aarhus, the same club Links currently turns out for, was always convinced that the SA Under-23 international would make his mark. It took Links some time, though, to find his feet in the Danish Superliga after a tough start which saw him make only four league and cup appearances before the Covid-19 enforced break. He has since come into his own after the resumption of football behind closed doors, making six more appearances to take his total to 11 in all competitions. Links, in recent weeks, has looked more like the player Aarhus paid 800 000 euros (about R13,4 million) to get him from Cape Town City last year, having spent just one season back in the PSL. Dladla, however, was always expecting Links to need a bit of time to get used to his surroundings and teammates before showing glimpses of his best form. “The Danish Superliga is actually a nice league to play in, but isn’t always the easiest,” said Dladla. “Aarhus are a nice team which always embrace young talent. “People were looking forward to seeing what he can bring to the team, that’s for sure. “And Gift was always going to encounter a few hardships but the most important thing was for him not to give up. He needed to take his time and get comfortable, and it will show on the field. “Aarhus is a very small city and you do the same things over and over again, which can get lonely and a player can easily get homesick but he needs to stay there and focus on his game.” Dladla believes Links’ pace will continue to be his biggest weapon in Denmark, as proven when he bagged the man of the match award recently having come off the bench to inspire his side to a shock 1-0 win over defending champions Copenhagen. The diminutive star has been used mainly as an impact player from the bench, coming on to stretch the opposition defence with his blistering pace and trickery. “He is not the biggest player, but he has been blessed with skill and plenty of pace,” said Dladla. “He is good at using that speed to trouble defenders. “Those Scandinavian players are huge and they don’t like people running at them.” Even more impressive than his exploits on the field has been the manner in which Links carries himself off the field. “It’s important that he carries himself well because that is how the Danish will judge South African players who will follow in his footsteps,” added Dladla. “If I had given the club issues during my time there, they most likely wouldn’t have taken a chance on any other South African player after me.”