THE PSL and Safa are at each other’s throats again, this time disagreeing about the date for the resumption of the 2019-20 programme. On Friday, PSL acting CEO Mato Madlala wrote a letter to Safa’s chief executive Tebogo Motlanthe informing him that the league programme will resume on Saturday 18 July and also notifying him of the training and match venues. On the other hand, Safa are saying that it is not practical to expect the resumption of play before 1 August. Madlala had met with all 32 member clubs at Thursday’s BoG and then on Friday with the Joint Liaison Committee task team in which Motlanthe was part of. “I write this letter to inform that the Board of Governors of the League met on Thursday to determine training and playing venues, and the date to return to match-day in the Biologically Safety Environment (BSE). The BSE will be located in Gauteng,” reads Madlala’s letter. Motlanthe then responded with dismay: “I would like to express utter surprise at the contents of the letter, coming as it does only a few hours after we agreed at our meeting today (Friday), (at the request of the NSL) that we cannot conduct any substantive deliberations due to Michael Murphy’s absence (PSL compliance officer) due to ill health.” Motlanthe added: “The unilateral confirmation of training venues and date for resumption of play on 18 July 2020 by the NSL is against the spirit of our meeting and the resolution of the Joint Liaison Committee (JLC). “Sadly, it also undermines Minister (Nathi) Mthethwa’s directive that the association should play an overarching role in this matter. I wish to reiterate two critical factors we outlined at the meeting, namely; that we are committed to the resumption of play under safe conditions wherein the safety of players, team officials, match officials and other participants is not compromised.” “One of the primary considerations for the return to play is that mobilization administration, group training and conditioning of match officials cannot be done with haste. It must be executed meticulously and with due regard of Caf and Fifa’s prescripts. This is an addition to the prerogative to respect the process outlined by government,” Safa’s letter reads further. This doesn’t come as a surprise. Since the league suspended all its programme in mid-March due to the Covid-19 virus, both organisations have been having differing views. Firstly, Safa said that football can only resume only in level one of lockdown restrictions while the PSL argued that it can resume with safety measures put in place under Level 3 of the lockdown. Safa appointed Dr Thulani Ngwenya as the compliance officer. Ngwenya was going to oversee all the documents sent by all 32 clubs after testing of Covid-19 and then give a green light to restart training if all required was fulfilled. Surprisingly, the PSL then appointed Michael Murphy as theirs. Clubs have been sending their COVID-19 certificate compliance to Murphy and in turn he has given almost all the clubs the green light to train instead of this jurisdiction coming from Dr Ngwenya. Safa and the PSL will have another meeting tomorrow at 10am. The PSL has decided on the following stadias:) TRAINING VENUES:Marks Park, Wanderers Stadium, St Stithians, Fourways High, Joburg Stadium, Ruimsig Stadium, Auckland Park Bunting Road (UJ), Christ Hani Stadium, Loftus Versfeld, University of Pretoria, Pilditch Stadium, TUT, Germiston and Vosloorus Stadiums.) PLAYING VENUES: FNB Stadium, Orlando Stadium, Dobsonville, Rand Stadium, Makhulong, Ellis Park, Bidvest Stadium, Loftus Versfeld, Lucas Moripe, University of Pretoria and Tsakane.