FINANCE Minister Tito Mboweni says he has not authorised the use of funds from the National Revenue Fund for emergency funding to implement the business rescue plan of SAA. But he does not exclude the possibility of approaching “institutions” to invest pension funds for this purpose. “This is not the case. No such decision has been taken,” Mboweni said in an answering affidavit in an urgent application the DA intended to bring in the high court in Pretoria yesterday to prevent section 16 of the Public Finance Management Act from being used for “emergency” funding for SAA. Mboweni, Minister of Public Enterprises Pravin Gordhan, the directors general of their respective departments, SAA and its business rescue practitioners were cited as respondents. More than seven months after SAA went into administration, the airline’s creditors eventually voted to proceed with its proposed business rescue plan last week. This requires government or a strategic equity partner to provide an additional R10,3 billion. The flag carrier’s rescue plan stipulates that all requirements must have been fulfilled by today. If this is not the case, creditors would have to meet tomorrow to determine whether the accepted plan must once again be amended. If this is not accepted, the rescue practitioners might have no other option but to “discharge” the rescue process, which may leave the only option left to apply for SAA to be liquidated. In his affidavit opposing the urgent application, Mboweni said the DA’s urgent application stems from a “false” premise that he has authorised the use of funds from the National Revenue Fund. He and Gordhan simply acknowledged that funding requirements set out in the rescue plan and that it is committed to “mobilising” funding. Ways to mobilise funding include government retaining a portion of the issued share capital in a newly formed airline, approaching private equity partners or strategic partners to acquire shareholding in the new airline, approaching “institutions” to invest pension funds, or approaching local private investment institutions and global investment institutions. – NEWS24