The Lockdown restrictions maybe be easing from time to time but the soldiers are not going anywhere any time soon. According to the Parliament spokesman, Moloto Mothapo the presiding officers of Parliament, National Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise and National Council of Provinces Chairperson Amos Masondo, have received correspondence from President Cyril Ramaphosa, regarding his decision to extend employment of 20 000 members of the South African National Defence Force (SANDF) for service from 27 June to 30 September 2020. The extension of employment of the SANDF is expected to cost the government R1.5 billion. On 25 March 2020, the President authorised employment of 2 820 SANDF members and the number was increased on 21 April 2020 to 76 000. Mothapo said the president's said  their service is in co-operation with the South African Police Service (SAPS) to maintain law and order, to support other State Departments and to control South Africa’s border line to combat spread of COVID-19 in all nine provinces. "In his correspondence to the Speaker and the Chairperson, President Ramaphosa says the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to increase across the country and that the services of these SANDF members is still required to combat the spread of the pandemic." He said the SANDF is fulfilling the following mandate, set to continue for as long as the pandemic is not under control. Mothapo said the mandate is to support and work with the National Department of Health in managing COVID-19, to supporCo-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs department in efforts to maintain or enhance living conditions of the population such as, water supply; engineering services, to also support the SAPS in enforcement of lockdown conditions and to enhance border safeguards. He said the President stated that his decision to extend employment of the 20 000 SANDF members from 27 June to 30 September was in terms of Section 201(2)(a) of the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, 1996 read with Sections 18(1) and 19 of the Defence Act of 2002 (Act 42 of 2002). "The President has asked the Speaker and the Chairperson to bring the contents of the report to the attention of their respective Houses," Said Mothapo.