Old Mutual, which recently celebrated its 175th anniversary as a trusted financial services provider, is proud to launch its new personal cover solution, which allows customers to build their cover to suit their lifestyle and their budget. “Our brand new personal cover range is a real game changer and is evidence of how our innovation culture enables us to respond to the needs of our customers,” says Thembisa Mapukata, GM: Alternative Distribution for Retail Mass Market. “Customers’ needs are rapidly evolving, and as an insurer that holds the customer at the heart of everything we do, we felt it was important to design this solution around them and their ever-changing needs.” “Today, people are following non-linear career paths, enjoying non-traditional and blended families, as well as re-assessing parenting and gender role norms. Our current reality highlights the need for personal cover that is comprehensive, flexible, and modular, keeping pace with our evolving lives. This is exactly what our new proposition offers,” says Mapukata. “When we designed this proposition, we picked only the best features to include in the products that make up the range so that our customers could enjoy cover that is comprehensive. We then used the insights we got from the extensive market research we conducted to inform the modularity of the proposition so our customers could choose and only pay for the cover they need, making it truly customisable and affordable. And because we understand that circumstances, goals and ambitions change, we ensure that customers have the option to add and remove modules or extras as their needs and budget shift.” A seamless digital experience Not only has Old Mutual introduced a new product range, but they’ve also introduced new technology that makes doing business with them much easier, quicker, safer and more seamless all the way from quote to claim stage. This means that customers will now be able to approve their quotes on a mobile phone via USSD, have their cover issued quicker than before due to a smart underwriting system that uses reflexive questions, get a copy of their advice record straight after interacting with their financial adviser, and be able to receive their claim pay-out quicker than before – and even quicker still if they have an Old Mutual Money Account. No two insurance needs are the same According to Mapukata, the first step in choosing the right cover is understanding your needs, what type of cover will help you address that need, and how much you need. “There is no ‘one-size-fits-all’ approach. For example, the insurance needs of a single working professional are different to that of a new parent,” he explains. “To help you establish what’s best for you, speak to a financial adviser who will do a financial needs analysis to assess what you need, and then work through a solution recommendation process to structure the most appropriate solution with you based on your need and budget.” Old Mutual’s Personal Cover offering includes Life, Funeral, Disability, Illness and Future insurance, and extra features which can be added such as Cashback and Premium Protection. Find out more at http://oldmutual.co.za/personal-cover or speak to your financial adviser  #PersonalCover  @OldMutualSA Old Mutual Life Assurance Company (SA) Ltd is a licensed FSP. 