SUPERSPORT United midfielder Jamie Webber has accepted the challenge from his coach Kaitano Tembo to step up after the departure of captain Dean Furman. Tembo said players like Webber, Jesse Donn, Teboho Mokoena and Sipho Mbule should take the baton following the departure of Furman, who didn’t renew his contract after five years of top service at the Tshwane giants. Tembo’s statement meant to say that the club won’t be going big in the market to fill the huge void left by Furman, whose guile and leadership on the field made things easier for him when he officially took over the post in 2018. The three-time league champions were third on the table when the Absa Premiership was suspended in March following the outbreak of the deadly coronavirus. Webber and the rest of SuperSport players are back in training preparing for the resumption of the 2019/20 season. But the 22-year-old has raised his hand and has accepted the challenge. “It’s an opportunity for me and for the other guys because Dean was a key player,” said Webber, who joined SuperSport in the second round of the 2017/18 season from Stellenbosch FC. “He was our captain, he had to play all the games, guiding us and we looked up to him. But now that he’s not here, we obviously have to take matters into our own hands. “We have to play well for the club, do our best for the badge like we always say.” Webber, who has featured in 15 games in all competitions thus far and scoring two goals in the process, raised his hand when SuperSport wanted to kill Mamelodi Sundowns’ resistance in the MTN8 second leg semi final in September last year. Leading 1-0 after Mokoena put SuperSport ahead at Lucas Moripe Stadium, he struck the second to see Matsantsantsa reach the final. SuperSport went on to claim the Wafa Wafa trophy after beating Highlands Park in the final. “I think we have the ability because all of us are young and this is a great opportunity to build a good relationship for years to come,” Webber added. The work starts now for Webber as Furman left when the season was suspended. “I haven’t played much because I had a back injury. Now, there’s definitely an opportunity to play again and become a regular,” he revealed. Goalkeeper Ronwen Williams was named as the club’s new captain.