KEEPING control and making sure that everything operates accordingly at the Nquthu local municipality villages has been difficult. This is because the izinduna who oversee the running of the villages said it is hard for them to work as there is other izinduna who are not legitimate that disturb them. An induna who asked not to be named told Daily Sun there are illegitimate izinduna that decided to put themselves in villages such as Magogo, Vumankala and Masangweni amhlophe. "Now the izinduna that were appointed officially get disturbed by these illegitimate ones. When the legitimate ones call a meeting people don't come because those who are illegitimate tell them not to attend meetings," he said. Another induna said now they want the KZN department of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs (Cogta) to remove these izinduna that are invalid in the villages. He said having two izinduna in one village makes it hard for them to work and this has also resulted into deaths back in 2017. "In 2017 people ended up being killed as they fought over this. Before things get out of hand again it would be better if the department of COGTA can come and resolve this matter," he said. He said the department should do something in order for peace and order to be maintained in these villages. A resident, who asked not to be named, told Daily Sun that as the illegitimate izinduna continue to operate as they are currently doing there will never be peace. "Nobody knows who appoint these izinduna. But we just see them introducing themselves to the residents. The izinduna that we know and have known for a long time also don't know who appoints these men. But they are causing divisions in our villages. They call their own meetings. And have now managed to convince a lot of people to follow them. They don't even have offices or tribal courts," said the resident. The resident said normally if they have functions they get approvals from the izinduna. "But as now there are two izinduna in one village people end up being confused on which induna to go to when they need help. Some of us don't even know where to find these induna but we just see them on the road or when they hold meetings," said the resident. KZN Department Cogta spokesman Senzelwe Mzila said there seem to be a lot going on with this matter. "This matter will have to be investigated further," he said.