 Ford Motor Company of Southern Africa has honoured
Madiba with a pimped Ford Ranger. The one-of-a-kind piece of mobile art will be donated
to the Nelson Mandela Foundation. “At Ford, we are very proud of our South African
heritage,” said Managing Director of FMCSA Neale Hill. “The company has an exceptionally proud legacy in the
country spanning more than 96 years – one built on continued investment and
innovation to produce segment-defining products, empower communities through
creating job opportunities, and striving to improve the world around us for a
brighter future. “No one did more in pursuit of the South African dream
than Madiba himself, it is thus a privilege to be able to hand over this
one-of-a-kind Ranger to the worthy Nelson Mandela Foundation.”  The unique creation is adorned with a South African
flag on the roof and portrait of Nelson Mandela painted on the bonnet, while the
side panels and rear tailgate of the vehicle pay further tribute to the Nelson
Mandela Foundation and celebrate 18 July as Mandela Day. The unique designs were done completely by hand by
four talented artists that work at the Silverton Assembly Plant’s paint shop in
Pretoria where the Ford Ranger is produced. It took the team 48 hours – mainly outside of their
regular shift work at the plant – to produce the finished artwork. “For all of us at the paint shop this was a very
exciting and humbling opportunity, that allowed our artists to showcase their
skills”, explained Manufacturing Engineering Manager Dorah Mmekwa, who led the
project. “At first the team was quite nervous. Mandela’s image
is so iconic, the team was eager to do him and the Foundation justice. Once
they got started it was clear there was no need to be anxious. The vehicle
looks superb and we are all extremely proud to have been a part of its
creation.” Ford’s tradition of naming its art cars gives the
nearly 3 500 staff an opportunity to participate in the fun. Staff was asked to
submit their preferred title for the car, and it was Mandla that was ultimately
selected. “It pays homage to the powerful slogan ‘Amandla…
Awethu’ that was often chanted by Tata Nelson Mandela when he had his fist
clenched up in the air. That vision of him is still in so many South African’s
memories and is a prominent feature of the artwork on the vehicle. Besides, Mandla is a very popular Zulu/Xhosa name that
means power or strength. I’m sure you’ll agree that this is a fitting
description for our powerful Ranger,” said Hill. Mandla is not destined to be an exhibition piece
though, the Nelson Mandela Foundation will be putting the Ranger through its
paces in their work with various projects particularly in the areas of
education and community upliftment. “We are honoured to accept this generous donation from
the Ford team,” said Yase Godlo of the Nelson Mandela Foundation. “The last few weeks we have been engaging regularly
with the team on the project. Ford’s passion and commitment to making the
vehicle a unique and fitting tribute to Mr. Nelson Mandela has been admirable. “Our mission is to contribute to the making of a just
society by mobilising the legacy of Nelson Mandela, providing public access to
information on his life and times, and convening dialogue on critical social
issues. We look forward to being better able to complete the tasks associated
with this mission enabled by the Ford Ranger,” Godlo said. 