MZANSI’S long-distance running sensation Lungile Gongqa is feeling the impact of coronavirus. Gongqa (42) from Ngcobo, in the Eastern Cape, said he relies on his 92-year-old dad’s old-age pension grant to support his wife and child. The frustrated Gongqa is stuck in his village without a job. In his last race, the Nedbank Running Club member finished eighth in the Buffalo Marathon in Eastern Cape. He also Gongqa had achieved his goals of qualifying for the Two Oceans and Comrades Marathon this year. by clocking 2:35 in his first race since his knee injury in March. But Mzansi has been on national lockdown since March and, as a result, Athletics SA (ASA) decided to cancel the 2020 season. Two Oceans started by canceling their race that was supposed to have taken place in April. They were soon followed by Comrades marathon, Soweto marathon, Cape Town Marathon and Nelson Mandela marathon to mention a few. Gongqa won the Two Oceans Marathon in 2017. He also stopped the clock first on 2:21:58 to win the Cape Peninsula Marathon in 2018, and secured second place at last year’s race He won the Nelson Mandela Bay Marathon in one of his many victories in different races all over the country last year. Gongqa’s biggest achievement last year was finishing second at the International Association of Ultrarunners World Championships in Romania. “I’m unemployed and rely on running to earn a living,” said a heartbroken Gongqa. He said he was unable to submit his documents for his share in the minister of Sports, Arts, and Culture’s relief fund. “I don’t have a laptop and couldn’t submit the documents online. “I had no access to the process and was also frustrated by the lockdown regulations and ended up missing out on the R20 000. “I rely on my father’s pension. Things are hard for me at home and sometimes I feel useless, as I’m unable to provide for my family,” said Gongqa. But he acknowledged that were it not for his running club’s monthly retainer, his situation could have been worse. “I appeal to ASA to give us some form of the relief fund. “Some of us don’t have personal sponsors and are unemployed,” Gongqa appealed.