THE International Olympic Committee (IOC) has written a letter to South Africa Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) to sort out their internal mess. Sascoc, the country’s multi-coded sporting body, has shown to be dysfunctional in the ongoing battle on who is supposed to replace retired president Gideon Sam. In an attempt to solve the matter, IOC has appointed their honorary member Sam Ramsamy to supervise and be the facilitator of the election process. Ramsamy, who is also a member of Sascoc, was recommended by the IOC after having successfully intervened in the General Congress Assembly of the National Olympic Committee in Kenya in 2017 on behalf of the IOC. “The fact that you are on site, will no doubt help Sascoc find mutually acceptance solution with all parties concerned to resolve the ongoing issues and finalise this election process,” said the IOC in the letter on Ramsamy’s appointment. The Sascoc elections were set to take place on 28 March, but were postponed until further notice due to coronavirus. Since then, more confusion has reigned as who are right administrators to stand for the elections. It is still unclear when the elections will take place. The body is currently led by acting president Aleck Skhosana until the new president is elected. “The IOC has been following the situation of Sascoc very closely over the past months to help Sascoc resolve the internal issues and dispute it has been facing and ensure that elections can take place as soon as possible,” said the Swiss-based organisation in the letter seen by SunSport. The letter from IOC does not come as a surprise. Tennis SA board member Ntambi Ravele wrote a letter to the IOC in order that her presidential candidacy be reinstated. She also wrote a series of letters to SA Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa for his intervention. The minister has since welcomed the IOC’s decision to send their own administrator to oversee and help Sascoc with their presidential elections. “As a government, we strive to give sport organisations space to address their own challenges and to only intervene as a last resort,” said the minister. Skhosana also accepted Ramsamy’s appointment. “We are happy and we welcome the appointment of veteran Ramsamy who is from South Africa to work with us in moving forward to the point where we have elections when the situation permits us to do so,” said Skhosana. “IOC knows the challenges that we are having and they have been kept abreast. At the same time, we have written a letter back to the IOC to say we welcome the appointment of Ramsamy to work with us up until we resolve the issues, subject to the Covid-19 rules and regulations of the lockdown.”