 SIX suspects linked to the kidnapping and murder of the
Hambanathi teenager are back in court today. On Wednesday, they appeared through the screen and the
matter was remanded for today. Today they might know if they are granted bail or not. The Hambanathi residents don't want the suspects to be
granted bail. The residents said the suspects are dangerous and none of
them deserve to be released on bail. The six suspects Mlungisi Thabethe (27), Andile Nhleko (27),
Mcedisi Mzobe (27), Siyanda Msweli (27), Lindani Ndlovu (22) and Malusi Mthembu
(22) who are accused of kidnapping and murdering Andile Bobo Mbuthu (16) are
expected to know today whether they are granted bail or not as they will be
appearing at the Verulam Magistrate Court for bail decision. The suspects allegedly kidnapped and beat Bobo to death
after they accused him of stealing 27 cases of alcohol from Magagula tavern
which is also in Hambanathi. A video of Bobo seen badly assaulted which circulated on
social media touched a lot of people across the country. Bobo went missing on 28 April. His family was informed that
Bobo was being beaten at the Magagula tavern. When they went to look for him,
they were told by the suspects that he had escaped. Bobo's family then went to report to the Tongaat police and
when they didn't get help then contacted the provincial detectives who then
took over the matter. The matter was taken by the provincial detectives the six
suspects were arrested on 7 May and charged with kidnapping. The following day human remains were found in a dam. A post-mortem test had to be done to determine that those
human remains found were of Bobo. But as the family was still waiting for post-mortem
results, angry Hambanathi residents who were convinced that the human remains
are that of Bobo, gathered and burnt down the Magagula tavern where Bobo was
beaten in. A senior cop from Tongaat police station was accused of
being involved in the killing of Bobo. After a few days that same cop shot himself with a service
gun in the police van. This cop was accused of helping the suspects get rid of
Bobo's lifeless body. On 25 May Bobo's family received the results that the
human remains that were found at the dam were indeed that of Bobo. A murder
charge was then added onto the kidnapping charge. The suspects then appeared in court through the screen due
to Covid-19 and arrangements for them to be brought to court so that they could
apply for bail were made by their lawyer Chris Gounden. A seventh suspect who is a 16-year-old minor appeared alone
and he abandoned bail. He is currently kept at a place of safety. The six suspects continued making their bail application. In their application they had all said that they had nothing
to do with Bobo's matter. The matter then delayed after a cop and a magistrate tested
positive for Covid-19. The suspects were also taken for quarantine following the
Covid-19 cases. And the entire court shut down.