A YOUNG man from Nyanga in Cape Town is over the moon after TV personality, Somizi Mhlongo contacted him. This after Olwethu Patuleni (22) drew a portrait of Mary Twala. READ: STUDY: YOU ARE MORE LIKELY TO GET COVID-19 AT HOME But he said he never thought the portrait would reach Somizi. He said he received a message from Somizi’s publicist telling him Somizi wanted a jacket with his parents’ portraits on the back. “I couldn’t believe it because there are a lot of scams, but after listening to Somizi’s voice note, I realised it is true and started drawing the jacket,” said Olwethu. The graphic design student at the Cape Peninsula University of Technology said he got a lot of customers after he made the jacket for Somizi. “I want to thank him because sharing my work on his social media pages helped me. I got a lot of customers and I am grateful,” he said. “Before the lockdown, I couldn’t focus on work because I had to study, but the lockdown has given me a chance to put more effort into this work,” he said. ALSO READ: THE BENEFITS OF NOT WEARING UNDERWEAR He said he buys the jackets and does his drawings or what the clients want. “I charge R2 000 per jacket and can guarantee anyone who wants to use me that they will get what they paid for,” he said. So when I saw a painting of my mom on twitter by this young man @olwethudahandsome ines immediately drawn to it......and that's when I had an idea of him making a portrait of my parents on a denim jacket. I'm initially i wanted to wear it at my mom's funeral but because he is based in cape town time was not on our side.....but I still insisted that he makes it.....through the help of my PA @iam_sphekay he was able to track him and found him and gave him the brief.....oh boy did he deliver......when the parcel arrived today I was wondering why is it in a big box kanti this sweet talented young man added an actual framed portrait of my mom and as a surprise gift...coz I only paid for the jacket and the drawing on it.....thank u young man and may all yo dreams come true.....I'm probably gonna wear this once and frame it as well....ANDIHAMBI NDODWA.......MSHEFI AND MAMPINGA GOT MY BACK A post shared by  Somizi (@somizi) on Jul 14, 2020 at 8:44am PDT   