THE currently suspended 2019/20 PSL campaigns it to the Coronavirus outbreak has left many clubs having to make difficult decisions regarding player contracts. Most clubs have opted against taking the risk of renewing the contracts of some of their player whom they believe will not play a big role in the remainder of the season. As such, some big names on the PSL have been left having to search for new homes ahead of the 2020-21 campaign following the expiry of their contracts on 30 June 2020. Under normal circumstances, some of these player would most likely have seen their contracts renewed, however, the financial strain the pandemic has put clubs under, means they can ill afford to take risks. SunSport looks at some of the best players who were recently released by their clubs, for one reason or another ahead of the proposed restart of the PSL. Thabo Mnyamane: The attacking midfielder was recently released by SuperSport United who are prepared to complete the 2019/20 season without his services. The 27-year-old Bafana Bafana international had fallen down the pecking order at the club in recent times as he registered one goal in just one start this season. Mnyamane, who has struggled with injuries during his time with Matsatsantsa A Pitori, is still considered one of the best talents around and will look to resurrect his career elsewhere. He is one player most PSL teams will not hesitate to offer a lifeline as he still has plenty to prove. Kabelo Mahlasela: Mahlasela’s two-and-a-half year stay in Naturena officially came to an end on Tuesday after Kaizer Chiefs opted against renewing his contract. The former Bloemfontein Celtic midfielder failed to live up to expectations at Amakhosi with club finally cutting their losses. They had already shipped Mahlasela out to Polokwane City on a short-term loan deal in January, with signs already looking ominous for the diminutive player. However, Mahlasela remains one of the most talented and gifted footballers in Mzansi and teams will most likely be lining up to get him on their books. Siyanda Xulu: The former Kaizer Chiefs defender has opted against renewing his contract with Maritzburg United and will now join a team of his choice as a free agent. The 28-year-old had been a regular with the Team of Choice since signing from Kaizer Chiefs in 2017 but they will now have to complete the rest of the season without him. Xulu will now have to begin his search for a new home with his former team Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates previously showing an interest.