As the sun rises in the east and sets on the west, the circle of life follows the same pattern as the sun. We all have our rising moments, our dawns when everything shines and is full of life. Then as our sun sets, we sadly have to face the next dark and lonely period of our lives. Those are the beautiful contrasts of life. The 4-5 much like the sun goes through a period of hard rises when it performs at its peak and plays a symbiotic role in the development of life. But sadly, like the invaluable lesson science taught us through combustion, warm air rises, cold air sinks. In other words, what goes up must eventually come down. So the 4-5 after a certain age or ailments tends to lose its power, and like any mechanical device if something is broken, it needs to be fixed. So why do most men jump to Imbiza as a solution? (traditional herbal tonic) Let's stir this pot. According to history, Africa from ancient times, plants have served as a dependable and ever-ready source of medicines for the treatment of a plethora of chronic and acute diseases of mankind. The various communities and societies on the continent, in addition to owning traditional remedies for ailments such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, arthritis and other chronic conditions, also ''own'' remedies for socio-cultural diseases such as erectile dysfunction. According to African medicine, thousands of African medicinal plants (belonging to several genera and families, and with diverse chemical constituents) have been reported to possess aphrodisiac and sexual stimulant properties (Koloko, pers commun). Each African country has a catalogue of locally made, plant-derived sexual stimulants under various local trade names such as Impotex™, TigerPower™, SuperLove™, uBangalala™ and Burantashi™. In South Africa, Imbiza is a herbal tonic, which has gained popularity amongst South Africans as an immune booster and for the treatment of many minor and chronic illnesses including sexual potency. Main ingredients of Imbiza are extracts from two medicinal plants namely Cyrtanthus obliquus, Lippia javanica and Eriosema. According to experts, the genus Eriosema contains plants which fall under the Zulu indigenous umbrella name of uBangalala, and most of the plant species listed under this name are used mainly for the purpose of curing or alleviating impotence. Simply put, a striker is as good as the service he/she receives from his teammates and the role of Imbiza is to ensure that it supplies the striker to score goals. If the above information is anything to go by, the 4-5s ability of not shooting blanks relies on Imbiza to deliver that killer assist.    