Performer and business woman Fundi Zwane, who has captured the hearts of South African audiences with her unforgettable acting talents over the years, is set to drop her debut fragrance today. The 35-year-old Port Shepstone-born actress and producer, is launching CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane – a project that’s been in the making for the past few months. Zwane says that the idea to develop her very own fragrance range, which caters to both men and women, was inspired by “market research and innovative business synergy”.  Having played in the beauty and cosmetic space previously herself, Zwane is excited to launch a product that is “inclusive in what's on offer for all women and men”. “CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane came to life after we saw a gap in the market to create something unique and fresh. It's an extension of creativity that allows me to share a deep love for scents. CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane is an exploration of the dance between body chemistry and fragrance. I am so excited for everyone to experience CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane.” She adds:“Women and men deserve to feel good about themselves. It's been a testing time for us a global community, and it has also been a collective experience of so many mixed emotions. CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane has been birthed in a time where despite the collective trauma, something beautiful is in bloom.” Two scents will go on presale today: CAMAGU Femme as well as CAMAGU Oud.CAMAGU Femme targets the quintessential confident woman who is in love with the journey of her life and enjoys self-discovery. “It's for the go-getter whose scent says millions about her.” CAMAGU Oud has been designed for a man and woman (yes you got that right) who understands the power and value of his/her masculine/feminine energy. “A powerful scent that speaks to a man/woman who enjoys being in their skin and who allows the scent to speak confidently for them.” For Zwane, the idea to have both a women’s and men’s range “was a natural organic process”. “CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane is all encompassing. Both scents are a culmination of everything I love in perfumes. Honing down on the scent and notes that worked and danced well together took time. There was a myriad of scents and to learn about perfuming and body chemistry has been refreshing.” Zwane, who partnered with the Saltwater Marketing group from Kwazulu-Natal to release the products, are set to take Africa by storm. “I'm excited for people to buy CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane and have an authentic experience with a locally produced product that is of an excellent quality.”Presales for CAMAGU by Fundi Zwane will commence today and shoppers should expect shipments to take place within 7 days. If that’s not all, Zwane is also preparing to expand the product range later this year. Together with the Saltwater Marketing group, Zwane is set to release a cosmetics and beauty range - all birthed from understanding the importance of self-care. Products such as hand and body creams, African herbal body oil, and hair food will form part of this exclusive product offering. For more information on how to purchase your NEW bottle of CAMAGU, visit: www.fundizwane.co.za