AYANDA Patosi is still hopeful that he will one day realise his dream of playing for Soweto giants Orlando Pirates, before he retires. The skillful midfielder is currently playing for Iranian top flight side Foolad on loan from Cape Town City. This is his second spell in Iran having left The Citizens in 2017 to join Esteghlal FC on loan where he made 12 appearances, scoring four goals. The outspoken player then joined Baniyas Club in Abu Dhabi also on loan where he made nine appearances, scoring one goal. The 27-year-old scored two goals in four appearances since joining Foolad in January before the Persian Pro League was stopped due to the coronavirus pandemic. Interacting with the South African Football Journalists Association (Safja) via Zoom, Patosi said he is still a Cape Town City player, “but here on loan”. “I am negotiating to make it permanent at the end of season,” he revealed. “I would love to play for the top three teams in the PSL, hopefully Pirates, maybe something will come up when I come back home.” However, Patosi says he still enjoys making money in Asia where they get paid in cash. “There is a certain time in your career where you need to forget Europe and go for the money,” said Patosi. “There is money in Kuwait, Qatar, Iran though it’s not that much. When you are younger you give it a try to play for top four leagues in the world. But it’s important to show something for family. Who thought I can play in Iran? But I made that choice to feed my family. I am here because of money, to make as much as I can so that my family don’t suffer.” Patosi revealed that Covid-19 also affected his pockets negatively when he was home in Cape Town since the club could not transfer his four month salary on his bank account. “I was stuck for four month in Cape Town,” he moaned. “I couldn’t get a flight back to Europe. It’s not easy in Iran because we don’t get paid in bank cards, I get paid in dollars and others get paid in local currency. “I didn’t get paid for four months and everything stopped. I finally left for Iran on 14 July and I have already played two games. It feels good and I am enjoying playing football again.”