  FOR the
country to create jobs, more needs to be done to support township and rural
economies. This is the
view of President Cyril Ramaphosa in his weekly letter, saying conditions need
to be created to enable every individual to thrive in. A society that supports,
nurtures, and helps people to succeed. “It is not
enough simply to urge individuals to take advantage of opportunities or to
encourage an entrepreneurial spirit among our youth. We need instead to
deliberately build township and rural economies. “Small
businesses present the greatest growth opportunity for our economy and are a
major source of job creation. In such challenging times, when many have lost
their jobs and the unemployed have found it even harder to eke out an
existence, we must act with renewed urgency to support these businesses,”
Ramaphosa wrote He added
whether it was a vendor selling their wares at a taxi rank, a small internet
cafe providing vital services like connectivity and printing, or home
industries and mobile wagons selling food. These
businesses were a lifeline to both urban and rural communities. They were a
means of livelihood for their owners and more often than not employ others from
the same community. The
president revealed that he had established a Township Entrepreneurship Fund
tailored to support township businesses with skills development and access to
markets and infrastructure. The launch of this initiative was delayed by the
lockdown. “Although
its launch has been delayed by the lockdown, we will put it front and centre as
we now begin the arduous task of rebuilding our economy. “International
experience has shown that a country that invests in and supports small
businesses stimulates economic activity and increases opportunities for
self-employment. This is our path to growth,” he said. Ramaphosa
praises those who have taken advantage of the pandemic to launch their
businesses. He had special praise for the young people in this regard. “It is our
duty as government, business, and society as a whole to lend our full support
to them on their journey towards self-sufficiency and financial sustainability
– both to protect the jobs we have and to replace those we have lost. “At the
same time, this is a rallying cry to other young people out there to take the
great leap of faith into self-employment. The best businesses come from good
ideas that respond to a community need,” he said.