BAROKA FC coach Dylan Kerr has predicted tough times for his relegation haunted side now that they have received the green light to resume training. After Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa granted permission for non-contact and contact sport training to resume last month‚ most of the clubs conducted their first round of Covid-19 testing. On Saturday, Baroka received their coronavirus test results and four of their players tested positive for the pandemic. According to Kerr, the club will start with their training after receiving the go ahead from the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Baroka are in 13th position in the Absa Premiership, only three points ahead of bottom club Black Leopards, with six matches to complete. The PSL suspended both the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship in March following the outbreak of coronavirus. In May, Baroka released four players – Tebogo Sodi, Kamogelo Mogaswa, Magau Khwinana and Ranga Chivaviro. And now with four more players in quarantine, Kerr will only have about 25 players at training fields. He said: “We’re done testing and we resumed training without some players.” The number of positive players in the Premiership increased to 14 confirmed cases with Orlando Pirates, Kaizer Chiefs, Bloemfontein Celtic, University of Pretoria and TS Galaxy having confirmed positive cases a week ago. “It is going to be tough. It will not be easy preparing a team that has been out for four months in a space of two weeks. “(There is) Not enough time to prepare for action and that will have an impact on how the team performs in the next matches. There would also be a high risk of injuries,” said Kerr. “During the off-season you rest for four weeks and have a pre-season camp for six weeks to prepare. Now we will need to man manage every player, but we going to take that risk.” The players who tested positive have been taken into isolation. When the season resumes, Baroka will also take part in the Nedbank Cup where they will face Celtic in the semi-finals.