LEEDS United legend Lucas “Rhoo” Radebe believes that his former club has what it takes to compete in the English Premier League and even challenge for the UEFA Champions League. Radebe (51) spoke to Daily Sun hours after his former team, where he spent 11 seasons, was promoted to the EPL without kicking a ball on Friday night. The team from Eland Road, where Radebe was also captain for a few seasons, was elevated to the elite league after one of the contenders for promotion, West Brom, suffered an away 2-1 defeat to lowly Huddersfield Town. Initially, Leeds needed a point from their away game against Derby County on Sunday night to secure promotion to the big money league. “I think the difference this season and for the future is that we have the best coach,” said an excited Radebe. “With (Marcelo) Biesla in charge, I think we are capable of doing anything. “You will recall that we have had 14 managers before him since we were relegated from the Premiership in 2004. He is the one who managed to make us believe again by playing the kind of football he has been showing us.” Radebe, who has a suit at the club’s stadium named after him, said he hopes that the club will give Biesla a big budget to fortify the squad ahead of the demand campaign in the EPL. “Firstly, I would like us to win the championship and lift the trophy. That will make me happy because we have not celebrated anything great in a while. “After we are done with that, I would like to see us go back to the glory days. We must give a good account of ourselves in the top league and even challenge for the Champions League. “Leeds is a great club and I am proud to still be associated with them. It’s unfortunate that due to the coronavirus lockdown worldwide, I couldn’t be there to celebrate this achievement.” Radebe said he was watching the game at his Joburg home with his two sons, aged 27 and 21. Leeds will play their final game of the season at home against Charlton Athletic, a club where another former Bafana Bafana great Shaun Bartlett spent six seasons.