A FREE
State councillor is behind bars! This
is after Mandlenkosi Dlamini (39) allegedly fired shots at residents in
Harrismith, Free State on Thursday. And
as a result, a person who was just passing near a councilor’s house was hit on
leg by a stray bullet. This
is after residents went to his place after they alleged he was the one who was
behind power outages in the area. No deaths were reported but the ward 1
councillor was bust and charged with attempted murder. Tshiame
resident Pitso Mereko (24) said he wish to see the ward councillor serving term
in prison. He
said: "We have had problems with power cuts and that is frustrating. Some
time ago a person was caught cutting the power and he alleged he was being paid
to cut the power. The councillor is a bully who likes to threaten people with
his gun. Residents marched to his home to demand answers about electric
problems. But he came out with his gun and shot at us. One of the residents was
hit by a bullet. We want to see him rot in jail because he is not a real leader
of the people." SunTeam
could not reach the injured resident. Police
spokeswoman Colonel Thandi Mbambo confirmed the incident and said the
councillor was arrested. Mbambo
told Daily Sun:"It is alleged by the councillor (39) that on 2 July was
from work and got to his house. Later he heard people singing and burning tyres
closer to his home demanding electricity. He called the police but in the
meantime the group were allegedly throwing tyres against his wall fence and
some climbing on top of that wall. They damaged his car windshield and window
of his house. When seeing the police the group started running and he allegedly
fired few warning shots to disperse the crowd. The
32 -year -old complainant who was shot stays not far from the councillor's house
and alleges that she was accompanying her friend and was not part of the
protesters. She says she heard about three gunshots and unfortunately was hit
on the leg by a stray bullet. The
councillor was arrested and charged with attempted murder. He opened counter
charge of malicious damage to property. He will appear in Harrismith Magistrate
court soon."