PHILEMON LOOKED through the kitchen window and was surprised to see his child’s toy car moving by itself. But then he froze in horror when he saw the car wasn’t moving by itself. IT WAS BEING PUSHED AROUND BY A HUGE, FULL-GROWN LEOPARD! Philemon Mashale (45) from Klipgat, North West, told Daily Sun that after he saw the toy car moving under his old car in the yard he went to investigate. “I wondered what was going on. I went to check it out. I saw a long, thick tail wiggling around,” he said. “I told myself that is not the tail of a little cat and ran to call my neighbour.” He said when they looked under the car they saw the leopard. It was fast asleep. “I was terrified. I feared for the life of my children,” he said. “I wanted to kill it, but I believe in witchcraft and I didn’t know what I was dealing with. "I wondered if this thing was sent to harm my family. “I ran back into the house and called the police,” he said. Philemon said while he was waiting for the police residents came. They watched the leopard from a distance and were scared, thrilled and shocked. “It seemed as if the police took forever to arrive,” said Philemon. “Some people took pictures and videos while my family and myself were stuck in the house with the windows tightly shut. We were too afraid to go out.” One of the residents said seeing a leopard under the car was scary, but exciting. “It was as if the zoo had come to us. We knew it was a dangerous animal, but it was exciting to see it,” she said. “We wished it could’ve stayed longer because it didn’t seem to be dangerous. If it had bad intentions, it would have hurt the family a long time before.” Police spokeswoman Maria Nkabinde said when they got to the scene they blocked residents from coming too close to the animal. “What we saw was a stranded leopard. We called the Nature Conservation Department to come and take it away,” she said. “They’re the only people who’re able to take care of it.” She said she was happy no one made the animal angry and that no one was hurt. Nature Conservation arrived and the leopard was tranquillised and taken away. Philemon said they were still traumatised and couldn’t even sleep. “When I woke up in the morning I went back to the car and checked underneath if it hadn’t come back,” he said. Residents and witnesses said it was weird to see that kind of animal in the area. “There isn’t even a bush around here,” said one neighbour. She said this wasn’t the first wild animal to pay them a visit. “Two weeks ago we saw a monkey and it was also taken away,” she laughed. “Today it’s a leopard. I wonder what will come next.”