MAMELODI SUNDOWNS Ladies coach Jerry Tshabalala believes the creation of the women’s club competition was hugely indispensable amid concerns over the lack of professional women’s football leagues in Africa. The launch of the club competition for the women’s game has brought excitement and Banyana Banyana stars like Ayanda Dlamini will benefit a lot. The Confederation of African Football (Caf) made a landmark decision to grow the women’s game with the creation of a women’s club event which is expected to start in 2021. The start of this tournament means Sundowns will become the first Mzansi club to participate in both the male and female versions of the Caf Champions League. Under the guidance of Tshabalala, Sundowns Ladies won the inaugural Safa National Women’s League and will represent Mzansi. “This will be a major boost for African teams and more exposure for Women’s football,” said Tshabalala. “Safa have told us we will represent South Africa and I have told my players we are going to fight another battle now in the continent.” “We did well in the league locally, now is the time we tested ourselves in the continent.” Tshabalala is confident the Ladies will fly the SA flag high when the tournament kicks off. “If I can keep 90% of the squad I have right now. I don’t see anyone stopping us.” “With this opportunity, we will change a lot. We can dominate Africa, I believe,” Tshabalala said. Caf president Ahmad Ahmad has assured the newly created Caf Women’s Champions League will kick off next year., stressing that at least 10 clubs from different African countries will participate. “How we are going to start the Women’s Champions League will be handled by our technical and competition officials,” Ahmad recently told the media. “With regards to the model, no matter what the problem could be, we should start in 2021. “We will have 10 to 15 clubs from several countries that are going to participate.” Banyana Banyana coach Desiree Ellis said: “This can only help our national teams grow from strength to strength and I would like to wish champs Sundowns all the best.”