Even though the 2020 Vodacom Durban July will be taking place as a broadcast-only event, the Pegasus Virtual Lounge is bringing the excitement of the races straight to your doorstep and into your home. Situated on the edge of the track, The Pegasus Lounge has been a feature at the Vodacom Durban July for ten years, offering ticket-holders an oh-so luxurious VIP experience.    THE FULL 2020 PEGASUS VIRTUAL LOUNGE INCLUDES: Delicious food and bottle service! That's a few of the things that are included in your ticket price, All delivered to your door!????????? .????????? @ruscoexperiential @vodacomdurbanjuly ????????? #dayattheraces #virtualevents #durbanjuly #Pegasus2020 #PegasusLounge #PegasusVDJ A post shared by  Rusco Experiential (@ruscoexperiential) on Jun 21, 2020 at 1:30am PDT  Speaking to Channel24 Sazi Ngcobo, director and co-owner of Rusco Experiential, says that the business adapted its offering due to Covid-19 and the restrictions placed on the Vodacom Durban July. "We are an experiential events company, and although many people thought that the pandemic would be over by July, we are still a far way from that," he explains.About The Pegasus Digital Lounge, he says: "We're creating our own platform, similar to a webinar, where we will be broadcasting the races as well as have live entertainment from DJ PH, and Miss Cosmo with two more artists to be confirmed."Rusco Experiential is building a set, and an MC will navigate guests between the races and entertainment, Sazi explains further, adding: "It will be similar to watching a TV show." The digital platform will also allow for online betting, creating a truly all-inclusive online racing experience. Guests will only be granted access into the digital lounge using a password, providing a secure and private experience. Another drawcard is the bottle service, and "upscale" menu items delivered to your doorstep, which is included in the R1900 ticket price.  Currently, the package is only available to Johannesburg and Durban residents. "Because we have offices in those cities, we will be able to oversee food and beverage deliveries, making sure that the food is fresh and warm, and to avoid delays," he explains.According to Sazi, if Rusco Experiential receives enough enquiries from other cities, the offer could potentially extend to the rest of the country. Across the world, the events industry has been one of the hardest hit by the impact of Covid-19 restrictions. Despite the adverse consequences, Sazi says that pandemic has forced creatives to re-examine their approach and adapt to a different and bolder strategy. As the company rolls out its first-ever digital offering, The Pegasus Virtual Lounge has the potential to be a permanent feature at The Vodacom Durban July, opening up the racehorse event to more people across the country.  About The Vodacom Durban July's association with The Pegasus Virtual Lounge, Dave Macleod, managing director at Gameplan Media, told Channel24: "The Pegasus Lounge has been a well-established part of the Vodacom Durban July for many years now, but as the event is behind closed doors, this is an initiative that they are pursuing in their own capacity." For more information contact hospitality@rusco.co.za   https://www.news24.com/channel/the-juice/news/experience-the-luxury-of-the-durban-july-from-home-with-canapes-and-drinks-delivered-to-your-door-20200701