BLACK Leopards goalkeeper Kgosi “King” Ndlovu is determined to regain his No 1 spot in coach Alan Clark’s starting line-up. The 27-year-old shot-stopper never played a single match this season due to a series of injuries, and Covid-19 didn’t do him any favours. Clark had to rely heavily on the experience of Guinea Bissau international Jonas Mendes in a bid to help the club avoid relegation. The lockdown, due to the coronavirus pandemic, robbed Ndlovu a chance to return to action in March, as the PSL season was stopped. Now that Leopards have also been given the green light to resume training in preparation for the resumption of the season, the lanky keeper is happy to be back on the pitch. “We started training three days ago and I am happy that I have fully recovered from injuries. My fitness is a bit low, but everyone seems to be on the same level after the lockdown,” said Ndlovu. However, Ndlovu is aware that it won’t be easy to remove Mendes from the goals. “Mendes has a lot of experience and I have learnt a lot, not only from him, but from everyone in the team. This has been the worst season in my career as I had one injury after another. But I won’t lose hope and I will continue to work hard to ensure that whenever I get a chance I grab it with both hands.” Although other Lidoda Duvha players could find themselves without a job if the team gets relegated, Ndlovu insists they have what it takes to retain their PSL status. Leopards are bottom of Absa Premiership table on 20 points with six matches still to play and are three points behind AmaZulu, Polokwane City and Baroka FC who are all tied on points. “We have a couple of teams involved in the relegation battle. We are still to play AmaZulu and we need to beat them at all costs. We will approach the match like a cup final and play as if our lives depend on it.” However, he cannot know when the season will resume since PSL and Safa are still having a deadlock on a suitable date to return and that worries Ndlovu. “It’s difficult training without knowing when we will start playing. Others are saying we will kick-off on the 18th and others say next month, so it’s confusing.”