Tweeps took to Twitter to share some of their encounters with Mzansi celebs. This was started by a Twitter user who posted a screenshot of another tweep that had a bad encounter with Bonang Matheba. People then also shared their stories. While most had the worst experiences with celebs, some have had great experiences. Khanyi Mbau, Cassper Nyovest and Donald were favourites among the tweeps as they were said to be the sweetest. See tweeps' experiences below. Also read: ZODWA FORKS OUT R240K FOR BODYGUARDS!  I think about this tweet a lot ???????????????????? pic.twitter.com/1lIpG1dZUp  ... Can't recall the year but iyoh, I once met the late Mandoza at Weltvreden Park BP on a Saturday, asked for a pic, he pulled an Okapi from the glove compartment of his Spitfire, dipped it in a glass of" God knows what in his glass ", leaked it and looked at me, I left! My friend and I saw Mpiyakhe from Isibaya a few years ago at Sandton City and we asked to take a picture with him and he said "angishuthi ney'ngane" I never recovered from that????????  Met Vho Gizara shopping at ShopRite, said Ndaa Vho Gizara. He ignored me. I stopped watching Muvhango????  This tweet remind me of Stogie , a Rap music guy. That time i was still working for SABC but already had my own company doing great. The guy met me outside then I said there is a business we should meet and discuss , the guy laughed so loud and pride was there then he left. Once met @akaworldwide at club ultra in morning side (he was hosting). In the morning, once outside... I took a video showing love but one of his guards threw my phone across the road. pic.twitter.com/x7EbC7lpsh That works like charm! Met Khanyi Mbau in 2009 and she was so coo, it was like we were old friends..I like her attitude a lot. Donald once came to perform at Kutlwanong Well-Done function (Matric achievement awards ceremony) that was hosted in Qwaqwa back in 2019. What a wonderful guy he is...He took pictures with almost every student that wanted to. He's so patient!!?????? — Tyla?? (@liltyler291) July 27, 2020  I met this gentleman on his birthday. The man was so humble n easy pic.twitter.com/s5xnR6yANo   