WHAT separates South African players from their European and South American counterparts? It all boils down to mindset. This is according to Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder Hlompho Kekana. The 35-year-old believes local players do not lack talent. In fact, they might even be more gifted than the Europeans and South Americans. However, what is letting them down and separate them from those top quality players is their mentality. “The players that I played with, even in the amateur levels, have always been very talented. I can mention a lot of them but the difference between them and the rest of the world I think is the character and mindset,” Kekana said in an Instagram chat. “As South Africans, I think we’re too nice at times. We feel sorry for ourselves because of where we come from, which is not right because we didn’t choose our background. “We didn’t choose our families or where we grew up. However, it’s possible to change that for the better. “The difference between us and the players that side is the structures that they have in place, which allow them to graduate from academies to the top. But the biggest thing is that they have a different mentally... more than anything. “They are not as talented as we are, they are just not, but they have a different mentality when it comes to football and they deal with things much better than we do here at home. “We have too many things holding us back mentally, we have to worry about things like black tax. If someone bought me a pair of boots I’d have to worry about having to pay them back. As local footballers we’re not equipped to deal with some issues and we end up falling into bad habits.” Kekana added that local players need to understand that there are a lot of sacrifices they need to make in order to compete with their counterparts at the highest level. They need to prioritise their careers and make choices that will help them have long and successful careers. Mzansi has seen the careers of too many players take a back step due to their rebellious off -the-field behaviour and lavish lifestyles. “You have to deny yourself a lot of things,” added the Sundowns captain. “You have to spend a lot of time away from family and friends and stay away from some of the nice things that come with life. “We must deny ourselves the glamour life, fast cars and all those things. The Shisa-nyama life. At times one can’t even attend a cousin’s birthday party. “If you’re ready to sacrifice those things then you’re destined for success. You have to work hard when no one is watching and that’s the most difficult part.”