Music is one South Africa's most celebrated craft and the South African Music Awards celebrate those who made us dance the past year and are continuing to do so through lockdown. The South African Music Awards have announced the nominees for this year's awards. This year they are marking a seismic shift in local music, a slew of new artists is claiming its place on the SAMA nominations list, while a few old favourites make their presence felt. Leading the pack at this year's awards is none other than the Gugulethu hitmaker Prince Kaybee with nine nominations and hot on the DJ's heels is the Amapiano duo DJ Maphorisa and Kabza De Small who had us doing the pouncing cat, they have nine nominations in total. Like they promised old favourites are making a return at this year's awards, gospel singer Benjamin Dube and house music goddess Lady Zamar have been nominated for the Best Male and Female artist of the year, respectively. While newcomer Ami Faku, who has impressed with her melodic album Imali, secured the Female Artist of the Year, Newcomer of the Year and Best Afro Pop Album nominations. Other nominees include Samthing Soweto, who has earned five nominations for his album Isiphithiphithi, Rapper K.O with five nominations, rising jazz star Spha Mdlalose is up for Female Artist of the Year, Newcomer of the Year and Best Jazz Album for Indlel’eyekhaya. Congratulating the nominees CEO of RiSA Nhlanhla Sibisi told Daily Sun that: "This year’s calibre of nominees continues on the proud tradition of the SAMA to identify talent that may otherwise go unnoticed. I’m encouraged by the number of new talent that has earned recognition and they are all worthy of this honour. "This will only augur well for the present and the future of the industry. I wish to extend my congratulations to all nominees, the panels of judges and the team at RiSA who worked tirelessly to bring the SAMA26 to life. The stage is set for yet another memorable SAMA year. "Director of Local Entertainment Channels at M-Net, Nomsa Philiso said: "Music has formed part of our lives and over the years more and more genres have been introduced and celebrated. "The display of talent currently being showcased is testament to the fact that local is lekker. SAMA26 affords all of us an opportunity to celebrate and recognise local musicians for their excellence and their contribution to pop culture. On that note, Mzansi Magic would like to wish all the nominees the best as we head into the awards month.’’ HERE'S THE  FULL LIST:  #ForThaRoots Best Maskandi Album: Best Traditional Music Album:  Best Collaboration: Best Traditional Faith Music Album:  Newcomer of the Year: Best African Indigenous Faith Album: Best Jazz Album: Beste Kontemporere Musiek Album:  Rest of Africa Award:  #ForThaSoul Best Afro Pop Album: Best Alternative Music Album: Best Reggae Album: Best Contemporary Faith Music Album: Best R&B/Soul Album: Male Artist of the Year: Best African Adult Contemporary Album: Best Adult Contemporary Album:  #ForThaStreets Best Kwaito Album: Beste Pop Album: Best Pop Album: Best Hip Hop Album:  #ForThaCraft Best Produced Album Female Artist of the Year:  Best Live Audio Visual Recording :  Best Engineered Album : Best Classical Album: Best Produced Music Video: #ForThaClub Best Rock Album: Duo or Group of the Year: Album of the Year: Remix of the Year: Best Dance Album:   The awards will broadcast on Mzansi Magic DSTV channel 161 on the 7 of August at 9.30pm.