SAFA employees will know next week whether their applications for voluntary severance packages are accepted or not. The association in April, following the lockdown, said they will be offering employees voluntary retrenchment packages “as part of cost-cutting measures”. Last month, the federation served a letter to staff noticing them that it is contemplating the possible release of some of its employees for reasons related to its operational requirements. And the Section 189 process of the federation is at an advanced stage to implement retrenchments on a major scale. SunSport has learnt that most senior staff members have applied to take the voluntary retrenchment packages, but chief executive officer Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe said no decision has been taken as yet. However, he said they are likely to be finalised next week where the applicants would know if their request to leave voluntarily is accepted or not. “We have received voluntary separation agreements, but we have not finalised them as yet. I cannot comment on that one at this stage,” said Motlanthe. “But we should be ready by next week. Remember what the law says; it says if people want to apply for voluntary separation, it’s the employer who will have to accept or reject that request. “We don’t know why people are trying to drum it up through the media. “It’s an administration thing and we’re working on it.” When asked about another senior official who is on the list of those who applied to leave, Motlanthe said: “We have not accepted anything and he is still employed by the association.” When the official was contacted, he referred queries to the association as he said he is not allowed to speak to the media, according to Safa’s communications policy. According to last month’s statement from Safa, their audited financial statements clearly showed that the association’s financial performance has been significantly affected by dwindling revenues. “… In the 2018 financial year, we reported a loss of R18 million and in 2019, we reported another loss of R74m. Simply put, we have spent R92m more than the money we had,” it said.