FORMER Black Leopards forward Joseph Mhlongo has turned out to become the most sought-after striker in the PSL with four Absa Premiership clubs said to be after his signature. SunSport understands that Highlands Park and Chippa United are front runners in the race to capture Mhlongo, who parted with ways with Lidoda Duvha amicably last month. Top player agent, Ratshibvumo Mulovhedzi of Rush Hour Sports Management, has confirmed that Mhlongo is in great demand, targeted by among others Orlando Pirates and Bloemfontein Celtic. With Celtic coach Lehlohonolo Seema having quit the Free State outfit for Chippa United, indications are clear that Mhlongo might find himself playing in the Eastern Cape next season. At first Mulovhedzi could not deny nor confirm that Mhlongo could be on his way to Highlands or Chippa. But he bowed to SunSport’s pressure and admitted that the two clubs are leading the race. “These clubs have always been interested in his services just before the Covid-19 pandemic broke, and things slowed down. But I’m sure that they are still interested,” Mulovhedzi said. “Most of these clubs offered him pre-contracts but we delayed to give Leopards first preference. But with the revised offer from Leopards, we realised that Mhlongo is no longer young (29) and he wanted to get something better and solid. “But we would like to thank Leopards and we respect them for their professionalism. They have been with us all along and understood that Mhlongo had to grow. It was not a bad offer that they presented, but we felt we could get him more for his age.” What prides Mulovhedzi is that most of his players are being well taken care of at Rush Hour Sports Management and most of them are reaping the rewards of his professionalism and dedication to the well-being of their careers. Among the players that he had ensured they didn’t spent a season without a club, include the late Sinethemba Jantjie, Moeketsi Sekola, Sifiso Mbele and Sibusiso Mthethwa. “When Mthethwa left Platinum Stars we ensured that he gets a job at Stellenbosch,” Mulovhedzi said. “Then there was the late Jantjie who moved from Free State Stars to Bidvest Wits where he unfortunately passed on, having signed a pre-contract. “Sekola and Mbele both joined Highlands Park from FS Stars. My record is very clean.”