JACK Motsheke claims he was carrying a gun while at his work as a security guard in May 2012 when it fell, allegedly shooting him on his right leg. The 46-year-old from Hospital View in Mahwelereng outside Mokopane, Limpopo, said he was hospitalised for two weeks. After being discharged, he started using a wheelchair to move around. He said he started struggling as he no longer had an income. “I have been struggling for seven years, relying on other people to feed me. Life was very tough as I had no use of my right leg. I believe if I didn’t get hurt, I’d ld still be working and feeding myself,” he said. Jack said he was only able to receive a disability grant from May last year after a doctor confirmed he was living with a disability. The doctor was also preparing him for an operation. He said someone then advised him to visit the labour department to check if he qualified to be compensated. He was told they only compensated people whose body parts were amputated.  “My leg was amputated in February this year, so I went back to the department and was given a form to be filled by a doctor,” said Jack. He said he was shocked and disappointed when he was told he’d only be compensated if he got an artificial leg. “I was told there is another form a doctor should fill so I can be compensated. But the form will only be filled once I receive the artificial leg. I’m told it might take six months or more to get the leg,” he said. Jack said he had been waiting for more than seven years to be compensated and could’t take it any longer. “I suspect there’s foul play in my case because sometimes when I enquire, I’m told some of my documents are missing and I have to start from scratch again. I’m also being sent from pillar to post,” he said. He’s now pleading for help to fast track his claim. Limpopo labour department spokeswoman Lerato Mashamba said Jack was assisted by a nurse at the Polokwane Labour Centre, and was requested to submit a final medical report. “He needs to complete and submit all relevant documents in order for the department to finalise the matter,” she said.