Residents of Diepsloot, north of Johannesburg, have vowed to disrupt the planned building of temporary housing units in the area. City of Johannesburg mayor Geoff Makhubo on Friday promised residents they will build 1 180 temporary housing units in Diepsloot.  Makhubo said the housing units were meant to decongest the densely-congested Diesploot. He said seven companies have been appointed and work will resume as soon as possible.The aim of the project is to ensure that those on the housing waiting list will be the first to benefit."We are going to work with the provincial government in allocating houses. Those without C forms will not benefit. Those who don't qualify won't receive any house. Those who benefit while they are not on the housing waiting list will be dealt with."We are dealing with syndicates that are hellbent on turning our city into favelas, [like] in Brazil. They are shack lords and preying on the poor by owning land and selling it to them," said Makhubo. #Diepsloot a group of protesters silently demonstrating in Diepsloot before the sod turning event on a piece of land earmarked for temporary housing structures by City of Joburg mayor Geoff Makhubo (@ntwaagae) pic.twitter.com/leBIXhQsNY During his speech, residents silently demonstrated by lifting placards demanding electricity and jobs.Residents confronted Makhubo on Friday, and said the companies employed by the City were going to bring workers from outside Diepsloot, which was something the residents would not tolerate.Makhubo said he would not be able to address the group, due to lockdown regulations, and asked them to instead send a representative to his office to speak on their behalf. Community leader Lebogang Bantsejang told News24 the project will not start if the unemployed people in the area are not prioritised by companies working on the site.OverlookedBantsejang said the youth of Diepsloot have been overlooked with regard to job opportunities. He said some of them have small companies, but are also ignored by the government."I want a house here that will be mine. As a young person, I also have a company that must benefit from this project."We want opportunities that will uplift us as the youth of Diepsloot. If they try to sideline us through employment, we are going to prevent their project. There will be no houses that will be built here if we are not involved.   https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/diepsloot-residents-threaten-to-stop-housing-project-if-they-are-overlooked-by-city-of-joburg-20200710