Gauteng MPL
Mapiti Matsena has been laid to rest in an emotional funeral service Friday, at
his home village of Ga-Madikana, Mohodi Ga-Manthata outside Bochum in Limpopo. His
colleagues from the Gauteng Legislature, ANC Gauteng and Limpopo also came in
numbers to pay their last respect to a fallen pillar as they described him. MEC
Lebohang Maile, ANC national spokesman Pule Mabe, ANC Limpopo Secretary Soviet
Lekganyane, MEC Dickson Masemola, Molemole Mayor Edward Paya, and former
Tshwane mayor Solly Msimang, MEC Panyaza Lesufi and Ekurhuleni mayor Mzwandile
Masina were amongst the mourners to give comfort to his family and pay their
last tribute to their fellow. Only 50
people were allowed inside a white tent where the funeral service was underway. The other
50 people were accommodated inside an outside tent where they watched the
funeral service on the screens. His mother
Joyce Matsena emotionally broke down in tears when the coffin carrying the
remains of Matsena was brought inside the tent. His two
children Vanessa and Mokoele Matsena also gave their last few words to their
dad with his wife Matema Matsena sitting down there in the comfort of other
family members. His
daughter Vanessa said his dad was a selfless person with a big heart, humble
and easy-going. Gauteng MPL Mapiti Matsena has been laid to rest, at his home village of Ga-Madikana, Mohodi Ga-Manthata outside Bochum in Limpopo. pic.twitter.com/FVSsoyjuzy  "He
welcomed people from all walks of life, a true leader, developer, and a
provider to many. He loved to empower people and I now feel that a part of me has
been taken away and will always miss you." She said. Moloko
Matsiela a neighbour added that Matsena was like a messiah to their community
who would always came to their rescue whenever there were problems. "He
was like a father to us because he has done a lot for us. His brutal death has
left us stranded, weak, and with broken hearts." He said. Murdered
Matsena was at his home last Thursday night with his family in Doornpoort,
Pretoria when the alleged suspect attacked and fatally stabbed him. Matsena's murder
suspect Monoko Francis Thoka (29) has already appeared at the Pretoria North
Magistrate Court this week where he abandoned his bail application. The murder
case was remanded to 24 August 2020 for Director of Public Prosecutions’
instruction in respect of matter potentially being heard at the High Court and
further police investigation. Matsena was
among the 21 party members and councillors who were picked to serve in
Parliament and the Gauteng Legislature. Before he
assumed his role as a member of the legislature and chairperson of the
community safety portfolio committee, Matsena had been the party’s deputy
chairperson in Tshwane and ANC caucus leader in the DA-led council.