PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has paid tribute to the late queen of the AmaRharhabe Kingdom, Noloyiso Sandile. Ramaphosa described the widow of the late King Maxhobha Sandile as a bastion of traditional values and an inspiring and principled leader of her people. Queen Noloyiso was also Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini’s sister. She died at Cecilia Makiwane Hospital in the Eastern Cape on Wednesday at the age of 56, following a short illness. “Queen Noloyiso played a significant role in the affirmation of traditional values and leadership in South African society at large, and in the development of her kingdom and the Eastern Cape more broadly,” said the president. “Under her able leadership, the AmaRharhabe firmly grasped the nettle of change and adapted to the demands of modern society, all the while holding proudly to their history, traditions and identity.” “At a time when we face a grave public health emergency in the form of coronavirus, Queen Noloyiso actively mobilised support for the national effort to combat the pandemic, including calling on communities to halt traditional initiations. “The united stand taken by the seven kingdoms in this regard was a critical intervention to save lives, and we owe a debt to the queen for the role she played.” Ramaphosa also lauded the queen as a champion of rural women, saying she challenged patriarchy in her community and gave a voice to its female constituents. Eastern Cape Premier Oscar Mabuyane said: “We are taken by surprise by this sad news of the passing of our mother. We were interacting with the family a few days ago to ensure she was well looked after, so this comes as a shock. Meanwhile, Zwelithini expressed shock over the death of his sister. She was the daughter of the king’s father, King Bhekizulu and Queen Mavis Zungu. Speaking on behalf of the king, Prince Mbonisi Zulu said the king, his mother and the entire royal family were devastated by the news of the queen’s death. He said the king was still in shock and was calling on the Zulu nation to join him and AmaRharhabe in mourning her death. “Sikhulu isililo endlunkulu (there is a big hysteria in the royal family),” said Prince Zulu.He said the information they received from the AmaRharhabe delegation was that the queen died of Covid-19 complications. ]After her husband’s death in 2011, the queen took over as a regent for her son Jonguxolo. Prince Zulu said her aunt’s marriage to king Sandile strengthened the relationship between the AmaRharhabe and Zulu kingdoms. He said for the sake of Zulus who may be confused by the name of Noloyiso, the queen was born Nomusa. She was given by the name Noloyiso by her in-laws after she got married.