WITH Mzansi facing escalating cases of gender-based violence, a video shared on social media has left people in shock. The video shows a man beating his baby mama, kicking her everywhere and hitting her with a pole. The man, who is believed to be a teacher at a local high school in KwaMhlanga, is alleged to have severely inflicted wounds to the 24-year-old mother of his child. In the statement released by the police, the victim indicated that she went with her sister to the suspect’s place to fetch her four-year-old daughter. Mpumalanga police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said an argument ensued between the two and the suspect outrageously assaulted her with a wooden pole and other means. He said during the attack, the sister of the victim and her child sustained injuries. Hlathi said the police were notified about the incident and the suspect was immediately arrested on Thursday. He said the 34-year-old man has already appeared before the KwaMhlanga Magistrates Court on Friday facing three counts of assault with an intention to cause grievous bodily harm. Mpumalanga police boss Lieutenant General Mondli Zuma said he is deeply disturbed by this disgusting act of violence. “As police we will not hesitate to arrest and lock up any perpetrator of GBV. I wonder what is going on in the mind of a person who assaults defenceless and vulnerable women. We are delighted about the arrest and we believe justice will prevail. Our courts stand ready to deal effectively with such matters," said Zuma. Zuma further expressed his concern mainly that the parents fought in front of their child who was also entangled in the commotion and got injured as well. “It is deeply regrettable that children are often exposed to a wave of violence perpetuated by their own parents, whom they are looking up to as their moral compass. People should not adopt violence as a method of resolving matters and this is a worrying phenomenon. Society should stand resolute against GBV and assist the police,” he said. SEE VIDEO BELOW: This is Mr Manana a high school teacher in Kwamahlanga at Silamba...He doesn’t not only abuse his wife buh also has abused high school children and always gets away with it...dear Twitter please don’t let him get away with it this time #Mananawhymara pic.twitter.com/0zaEYrAYHj 