PREMIER Soccer League chairman Irvin Khoza said South African football fans must “watch the space” when probed on the Premiership resumption date. Addressing a virtual press conference in Joburg yesterday, Khoza would not validate the leaked PSL letter, addressed to Safa, which actually revealed that the games will be back on 18 July. However, as things stand, Safa appears to be holding the key to the resumption of football. The meeting of the Joint Liaison Committee (JLC), between PSL and Safa officials yesterday, was expected to shed clarity on whether the games will indeed resume on Saturday or not. Khoza explained that the PSL has met all the requirements as set out by the government on football resumption under strict lockdown regulations, quoting from correspondences between the PSL and the sports ministry. “The Board of Governors has ordered, among others, that we submit the date for resumption to Safa, as usual for them to provide the match officials and we are waiting for them to come back to us,” said Khoza. Safa had been surprised by the PSL’s unilateral confirmation of training venues and date of resumption, which they insisted went against the spirit of the JLC meeting, held on Friday. In a letter to the PSL, acting Safa CEO Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe explained the league’s actions undermined the sports minister’s directive that Safa plays an overarching role in the matter. According to Motlanthe, it is not possible to resume play before 1 August. But Khoza explained that they have met all the government requirements and have had meetings with Safa president Danny Jordaan to find solutions to the crisis. “The sports ministry approved our application for training and football to resume, taking into account the mitigating strategy and plans which are subject to analysis,” Khoza explained. “The PSL must ensure all clubs are compliant... from the testing of players, control measures, monitoring and the appointment of compliance officers. “The department might deploy officers to monitor compliance. In fact, we’ve gone over the top in providing the measures for health and safety.” He also acknowledged the threat the pandemic was posing to the football industry, having already wreaked havoc with many other industries. Khoza added: “We are in a state of war. Even Fifa has increased the number of substitutions to five instead of four. “As event organisers, we will be held liable if there are any omissions to the Covid compliance manual. “But as things stand, all the 32 NSL clubs must go into the bubble. We need six weeks to complete the season.”