SOME
nurses who use the public transport such as taxis said they have had really
awful experiences since the outbreak of Covid-19. The
nurses from different hospitals and clinics across Durban said when ever they
walk on the streets people don't come close to them. They
said its even worse in taxis as that is where most of them had really bad
experiences. They
said when some passengers see a nurse coming into a taxi they jump out as they
suspect them of being positive of Covid-19. They
said people believe that nurses are the ones who are mostly infected by the
virus and therefore they will also infect them as well. A
nurse who asked not to be named said she doesn't have a car and has been using
public transport since she started working five years ago. "I
take a taxi to work at the same place every time I go to work. So I'm familia
with the people there. We often have small chats before a taxi comes but since
there is Covid-19 people dont talk to me anymore. They don't even stand next to
me," said the nurse. The
nurse said its like they know for a fact that she has Covid-19. Another
nurse who also uses a public transport said one day she was jumping into a taxi
from work one passenger decided to jump out and took another taxi. "I
think people are afraid of us now. They believe that all nurses are infected
with the virus and they will also be infected," said the nurse. Another
nurse said for her it's worse in the area she lives in. "People
even discriminate my children. They lock their gates and chase them away. I
think people need to be educated about this pandemic because clearly their
actions show that they think that the virus comes from us as nurses. We know
that a lot of nurses have been infected others even died but that doesn't mean
that all of us are infected," said the nurse. The
nurse said people need to understand that this pandemic can infect anyone not
hispital and clinic staff as they believe. "People
should wear masks, sanitise, practice social distance and stay at home. In that
way they will be safe from being infected. Thet should stop discriminating
us," said the nurse. A resident Andile Dube (27) said he is not comfortable to be in the same taxi
with nurses. "The
reason for that its because some hospitals around Durban have been closed due
to the fact that the nurses are infected," he said. Another
resident who asked not to be named said the Covid-19 is at its peak now. "People
are now scared and they try by all means to stay away from being infected as
much as possible. Thats why some people don't even allow their children to go
to school. Infact we are all scared of this pandemic," said the
resident. 