FORMER Kaizer Chiefs midfielder George Maluleka has thanked Amakhosi for a part the club has played in his career after making a switch to Mamelodi Sundowns. Maluleke could not agree in terms with Amakhosi and left the club to end his six year stint with them to join coach Pitso Mosimane's charges. He was hoping to see out the season with Chiefs, who are on course for the 2019-20 Premier Soccer League title - having entered the enforced break, as a result of the coronavirus, on top of the league standings. However, Chiefs opted again extending Maluleka's stay on a short-term deal until the season is completed. Maluleka issued his statement on an Instagram post. He said: "To the Chairman, Staff members and faithful Kaizer Chiefs Fans" "It’s a constant surprise of just how far a road we have travelled together. The continued love, commitment and support you’ve show can never be forgotten. The road that I have travelled with Kaizer Chiefs could not have been done without your continued support.""Thanks for always getting excited about the games we played as a team, despite it not always ending good. Your support expressed on social media and other platforms, also in real life and in real time, will always be appreciated.""Endings are never easy but I celebrate it knowing that it precedes new beginnings" "As I enter a new season I remember the powerful words of Martin Luther King JR. “Take the first step in faith. You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step’.""You will all continue to hold a special place in my heart, both now and for years to come. And as I take my first step into the new season, I look forward to the new challenges that lie ahead in Mamelodi Sundowns."George Maluleke To the Chairman, Staff members and faithful Kaizer Chiefs Fans, It’s a constant surprise of just how far a road we have travelled together. The continued love, commitment and support you’ve show can never be forgotten. The road that I have travelled with Kaizer Chiefs could not have been done without your continued support. Thanks for always getting excited about the games we played as a team, despite it not always ending good. Your support expressed on social media and other platforms, also in real life and in real time, will always be appreciated. Endings are never easy but I celebrate it knowing that it precedes new beginnings. As I enter a new season I remember the powerful words of Martin Luther King JR. “Take the first step in faith. You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step’. You will all continue to hold a special place in my heart, both now and for years to come. And as I take my first step into the new season, I look forward to the new challenges that lie ahead in Mamelodi Sundowns. George Maluleke A post shared by  Mido Ochocinco (@maluleka12) on Jul 6, 2020 at 4:48am PDT  