HIGHLANDS PARK midfielder Mothobi Mvala says Mzansi footballers should not delay the opportunity to move to other clubs when the chance to do so presents itself. Mvala, who is a talisman for coach Owen Da Gama’s charges, urged fellow players to grab the opportunity to move overseas while they are still on top of their game. The talented footballer believes the fear of leaving the comfort zone in the Premier Soccer League is one of the biggest reasons some talented players are still playing their football in the domestic league. Mvala also regrets not pushing for a move when he was on top of his game last season. Said Mvala: “I think it’d be a wise thing to try and force a move overseas or for a bigger challenge while you are on top of your game to avoid regrets later on in your career. “Accepting a challenge means you want to test yourself and to learn more about new things that you maybe weren’t exposed to,” he said. “My advice to my colleagues is if you are on top of your game, go abroad and if it doesn’t happen, try and get a challenge elsewhere locally.” Big spenders Mamelodi Sundowns were after the midfield maestro’s signature last season. Mvala was on fire for the Tembisa-based outfit, but didn’t leave the club and decided to stay in Ekurhuleni. “It’s not easy to tell if I’ll be in that kind of form that attracted the attention of Sundowns or not. But one should keep working on his game and see what happens next. “I’m a Highlands Park player and want to focus here and help the club achieve bigger things in the game. “Last season I did well and didn’t think of leaving, but I have since learned that it doesn’t happen a lot that a player finds themselves on top of their game and attracting the attention of big teams all over the country,” Mvala said. Mvala is forever present in Da Gama’s team and rarely misses games. He is eager to get back into the game and play football. The PSL has been on a recess since the outbreak of theCOVID-19 global pandemic. “We’ve started with our training and are eager to play football again soon. “What’s left now is to get back into the field of play,” said Mvala.