SUNSPORT can confirm that Fifa may open an investigation against Safa president Danny Jordaan after axed vice-president Gay Mokoena filed a complaint to the Fifa Ethics Committee. Mokoena, in the letter he wrote to the Fifa Ethics Committee, wants the Safa boss to be investigated and is accusing Jordaan of running the association like his fiefdom and that he’s flouting Safa’s constitution. Other reasons that saw Mokoena write to Fifa judicial, is his unhappiness with how he was removed as the association’s vice president along with Ria Ledwaba at the Safa extraordinary congress, following his hard-hitting allegations in a report. The document, titled the ‘Gay Mokoena Report’ made the rounds in the media, and was also sent to Fifa. Safa NEC member William Mooka, who allegedly stormed out of that Safa congress, is supporting Mokoena and wants action taken against Jordaan. The Fifa Ethics Committee responded to Mokoena via a letter, seen by SunSport: “We acknowledge the receipt of your correspondence and we wish to express our appreciation for having filed a complaint in the context of art. 58 par. 1 of the Fifa Code of Ethics (FCE). “For the sake of clarity, please note that the chairperson of the Investigatory Chamber MAY initiate preliminary investigations at her own discretion and at any time. “It is noted that Fifa bears a special responsibility to safeguard the integrity and reputation of football worldwide and your complaint shows your commitment with our values and principles.” Reads the letter further: “The Ethics Committee, which is the independent Fifa’s judicial body, is primarily responsible for investigating possible infringements of the Fifa Code of Ethics. “Finally, and after careful analysis of a complaint, should the allegation reported herein considered to be an internal matter or, in case it does not fall within the jurisdiction of the Fifa Ethics Committee, the claim may be closed or transmitted to the relevant Member Association or Confederation.” Because the chamber has not informed all parties involved if they’ll investigate Jordaan or not, Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe, approached to comment, said they have not received communication from the Fifa Ethics Committee.