THERE is a saying that money is the “root of all kinds of evil”. Now because of a paltry salary package and non-payment of monthly cheques cost Bloemfontein Celtic their esteemed head coach, Lehlohonolo Seema. Seema quit as Celtic coach yesterday having gone for months without enjoying his full salary, since January this year to be exact. And the Covid-19 pandemic caused more mayhem for family man Seema, and many of the club’s technical staff members who have been talking through SunSport that they were paid half their salaries, or at worst not paid at all. SunSport can today confirm that Seema resigned from Celtic because of a salary dispute which he has been raising with management since last year when some of his players were not paid, and the rot extended to the technical team early this year. “Who would stay in a job where he is not paid?” our source said. “This guy has been patient and loyal enough to Celtic. They have ignored him for many years as a qualified coach and let outside mentors take over at the club while he’s there. “Yes, they ultimately considered him for the job in 2018 when Steve (Komphela) left, but I guess it was too late as the club was financially in the red. “He had a meeting with his bosses before the coronavirus but they ignored his pleas. Now Chippa are the big winners here.” Celtic have moved on swiftly to appoint John Maduka as Seema’s replacement and Abram “Wire” Nteo takes over as second in charge while Simon Gopane stays on as goalkeeper coach. The 40-year-old Seema, who hails from Mafeteng in the Mountain Kingdom of Lesotho, won a three-year contract with Chippa, but sceptics are already ringing alarm bells as club boss Siviwe Mpengesi can be tricky to work with. In fact, Seema comes in after Chippa failed to lure back Dan “Dance” Malesela to the club after they disagreed on a salary package and terms of employment. Chippa have been on a look out for a coach after they kicked out Rhulani Mokwena whom they refused to renew his contract. Seema is believed to have left Celtic, a club that he regarded as his home, with a bitter heart and left a sad WhatsApp message to all players and staff in a group telling them about his departure. Here’s his message to players: “It’s with a heavy heart that I tell you that I’ve just resigned (as Celtic head coach), and I’m going to join Chippa. Thanks for all the support, I worked nicely with you guys. “But unfortunately the circumstances forced me to go and look for something else. I wish you all the best guys, keep working together guys, until our paths cross again. I’m very sorry... I love you all guys.” Seema took over as Celtic head coach in December 2018, following the shock departure of Komphela who left to join Golden Arrows. He started with the club back in 1998 to 2005 as player and left to join Orlando Pirates. He came back to Bloemfontein as a scout in 2013 and was promoted to assistant coach a year later. He worked under Serame Letsoaka in 2015 and has been with almost all the coaches ever since then until he took total control. Seema will have to hit the ground running when the season resumes as Chippa are looking over their shoulders with the relegation axe hovering over their heads. They are three points ahead of 13th placed Baroka, Polokwane City, AmaZulu and bottom placed Black Leopards.