THE much ridiculed Eastern Cape scooters which were procured
by the provincial department as serve as ambulances in areas not accessible by
vehicles, do not meet the criteria to transport patients. This was revealed by Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize in what
appears to have taken a U-turn on the controversial matter. In June as the coronavirus started to really ravage Mzansi,Mkhize  attended the launch of the scooters
and hailed them as multi-purpose and extremely versatile “and can transport
patients or deliver medication in rural communities.” The minister in a written reply to DA shadow minister of
health Siviwe Gwarube has changed tune completely. “No, the Scooter Project that was launched by the Eastern
Cape Department of Health (ECDOH) does not meet the basic criteria for patient
transport as an ambulance. The purpose of this project by ECDOH is mainly for
widening access to primary health care and delivering of chronic medicine for
the most remote areas of the Eastern Cape Province,” Mkhize said in his reply. Despite attending the launch of the R10 million scooter
project, Mkhize went further to say his department was not consulted on
specifications before they were bought. “However, the Province has been advised that none of these
scooters will be used as ambulances because they do not meet the specific
requirements as provided for in the EMS Regulations, such as, minimum patient
compartment space and equipment requirements,” he went further in his reply.  Testing out one of the units now available as part of the scooter project! They have off-road capabilities and are equipped with waterproofing and drip stands. #ECVisit12June pic.twitter.com/1yDObRyhM8  Eastern Cape Health MEC Sindiswa Gomba, with Mkhize in
attendance, unveiled six scooters fitted with a bed on one side, overhead
gazebo with a first aid kit and oxygen on board. Gwarube said she would be submitting the response to the SA
Human Rights Council as supplementary evidence in an investigation the council
had committed to conduct. “If the National Department of Health now backtracks from
the initial purported function of the scooters which Minister Mkhize personally
endorsed, it begs the question why R10 million is being spent on a chronic
medication distribution system. “What is the point of the first aid equipment, drip stands
and the stretcher attached to the scooter,” she asked. 