Have you ever taken the time to study the cobra snake? One of the most deadliest snakes in world, the cobra snake has two apparent characteristics. The first characteristic is how it lifts its head off the ground when it's about to attack its prey. The second characteristic is how after lifting its head it attacks by spitting venom on its prey. It's surprisingly weird that these two characteristics speak to something similar to this snake and what it spits out. The human 4-5, much like the cobra, spits something like venom and depending on the preys height. The 4-5 can strike its prey whilst still ensuring that its head is standing right up, waiting to pounce. So the question is, does the prey's height determine how deadly the rise of the head will be? In other words, does the 4-5 rely on height to strike? Let's try and unpack this graphic analogy. According to girlchase.com magazine, men need to focus on what nature intended for them to do. "The good news is that when you do such approaches, you realise that your relative size didn’t really matter; you two are just human beings made to mate together, and you just did your job. I recommend, therefore, that young seduction warriors hunt in those places where size isn’t even a noticeable thing, and keep those experiences and memories vivid when you go approach in places where height is clear as water." The magazine further revealed that women might obsess themselves with a man's height, but deep down every women wants a man who can take care of her sexual needs despite his height. Now the sad reality is that tall women intimidate men. Men often feel their manhood will be questioned if in the midst of tall women. Meaning the 4-5 may not conquer the Eiffel Tower. The magazine suggests we apply the different strokes for different folks approach: "When you're having penis-in-vagina sex, it can be tricky to maneuver when someone clocks in under or around your same height: If you’re into eye contact and forward-facing positions, for example, you might be disappointed to find a shorter-torso-having partner bumps up against your chin. When you’re riding on top, you might find you have to crane your neck way down to reach your partner’s face." Simply put, the 4-5 like the cobra can work with any type of height. As long as its head remains deadly in its rise to attack. All its prey will bow down for the king it is. 