SUPERSPORT UNITED defender Siyabonga Nhlapo is excited about his team’s return to training. Matsatsantsa a Pitori reported for camp on Tuesday for the first time since the national lockdown started in March. The 31-year-old said he was happy to be reunited with his teammates after a couple of months due to the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic. Coach Kaitano Tembo conducts a training session of five players at a time and the session takes up to five hours. It’s a frustrating and exciting period at the same time according to the soft-spoken defender. “We’re used to mass training, but things have changed. “We’re slowly adjusting to the new changes. It’s weird to see a group of five players per session, but it’s a new reality that we’re faced with,” said Nhlapo. Tembo was patient as he took the players through their paces in small groups. Nhlapo said the players were starting to lose motivation as they were training by themselves at home and the return to camp is like a breath of fresh air. But he warned that injuries and lack of fitness might be a problem. “We want to go out there and play. “But the fans should bear with us as we might struggle with injuries in the early stages,” he said. “Some of the players will return to the game out of shape. “But the coaches are here to knock us back into full fitness.” The former Bidvest Wits player, who joined the Tshwane giants three years ago, told SunSport he was hoping to achieve a top-four finish with the three-time League champions. Matsatsantsa a Pitori are third on the log table with 40 points from 24 matches. “We’re aiming for a great finish and hopefully we can go on to win the league next season. “It’s all about building a good foundation for next season. “I think we have a great coach and a good group of players to achieve that,” he insisted. The talented defender is also hoping to impress Bafana Bafana coach Molefe Ntseki and get back into the set up again. “My dream is to represent my country at the Africa Cup of Nation and 2022 Fifa World Cup finals,” he said.