 SMANGELE WAS the jewel of the family. Her death has caused a lot of pain in the family. She was a loving sister who knew how to make us laugh. SHE DIDN’T DESERVE TO DIE SUCH A TERRIBLE DEATH! Vincent Ndlovu (40) told Daily Sun his sister Smangele Ndlovu (28) was stabbed to death, allegedly by her lover’s friend, at an after tears party on Saturday. “We’re in pain. We can’t believe she’s dead,” said Vincent, who’s from Ivory Park in Midrand. “When I was told about it I thought it was a mistake.” He said the man who stabbed his sister was still walking the streets yet the family was grieving. “She didn’t deserve to be killed like that,” he said. “He stabbed my sister in the chest. “The worst part is that he called his friends after killing her and told them he didn’t regret killing her.” The suspect had apparently said he was ready to go to prison. Vincent told the People’s Paper the dead woman’s family wanted justice. “This man is an animal. When he’s arrested he must be kept behind bars. He doesn’t deserve bail.” According to Paulina Phago (50), a Sanco branch secretary, Smangele died in the arms of her mum and community members while being rushed to an ambulance. She said Smangele, her lover and other friends were chilling and drinking alcohol after a funeral. Paulina said Smangele bought Castle Lite beer with a R100 note and the suspect drank a bottle without her permission. “There was an argument after that. The man left,” said Paulina. “About 30 minutes later he came back from his rented room and stabbed Smangele in the chest.” She said angry residents torched the man’s belongings on Saturday night. According to the family, the suspect was violent and had in the past stabbed another woman in the area. The woman had survived the attack. Said Paulina: “Smangele was a quiet, loving and disciplined woman. “The killing of women is way too much,” she said. “I’m struggling to sleep at night because I don’t know who’ll be next.” Paulina appealed for harsh sentences for animals who murder women. Smangele leaves behind her eight-year-old son. Gauteng police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele said: “Police are investigating a murder case. “There haven’t been any arrests yet.” Smangele will be buried on Saturday at 10am at Waterfall Cemetery in Ivory Park.