The daughter of the anti-apartheid stalwart Andrew
Mlangeni said her father told them that this year might be his final year
alive. Speaking during the official virtual memorial service,
Mlangeni’s daughter, Sylvia Mlangeni said he told them during his 94th birthday
last year. She said her father made this statement while referring
to the death of Former President Nelson Mandela and Former Zimbabwe president
Robert Mugabe who both died at the age of 95. She said: “Last year on his birthday he said Mandela
departed when he was 95 and Mugabe departed when he was 95, I think next year
when I turn 95 I will follow them,” said Sylvia. Mlangeni died early this week at the Military One
hospital in Tshwane following abdominal related complications. He was aged of
95. Sylvia said they were hopeful that he will make it back
home as he was often ill but he would recover. She said Mlangeni didn’t want to be admitted on that day. “I asked him why he didn’t want to be admitted, he said
he didn’t know and we just laughed about it. We thought they will treat him and
he will come back home, not knowing we are seeing him for the last time. “We will miss him dearly. He was not only our father, he
was a father to everyone,” she said. Mlangeni served 26 years in prison alongside Mandela. He
was the last surviving of the Rivonia trialist. Since Friday a series of virtual memorial services were
held in celebration of his life. On Sunday, another virtual memorial got underway held by
the African National Congress together with Mlangeni’s family. Sylvia said: “We shared him with the world. He loved the
people of South Africa. “We have lost a pillar, we have lost a father, and we
have lost a grandfather and a great-grandfather. He is leaving us with heavy
hearts. “We will always miss him but because we know that he
wouldn’t want us to cry but instead celebrate his life. We will celebrate his
life with heavy hearts but knowing that he did not die in vain,” she added. Member of Parliament and Former Leader of Ikantha Freedom
Party, Mangosuthu Buthelezi said Mlangeni was a man of action. “He taught, he sacrificed, he served and he learnt. One
would have never asked for a better compatriot. 
Dr Mlangeni was committed, he was courageous and he was smart. When he
spoke, we all listened because we could trust that whatever he said was
motivated by his great love for his country,” said Buthelezi.