LUC Eymael will meet with Young Africans FC management today to come up with an exit settlement after the Belgian coach was sacked yesterday. He does not deny ever saying all the things he’s accused of having said, but was quick to indicate that he has already apologised for his outbursts. The former Black Leopards and Free State Stars coach said he was provoked by a journalist whom he suspects was supporting Simba FC, Young Africans’ biggest rivals. And he said the journalist told him that he would be fired by Young Africans after recording him when they had disagreements, and put up the audio in a podcast on Sunday after the final matches of the Tanzanian Football League season. He is accused of making derogatory racial comments about Tanzanians where he has been working for the Yanga club since last year. Eymael has reportedly described the club’s fans as “dogs and monkeys” and said the Tanzanian Football Federation officials are always officiating against them (Yanga) “because you are a poor club (Simba FC) and you don’t have any weight at the federation”. “I don’t enjoy your country (Tanzania). You’re uneducated people. I am disgusted. I don’t have a car, wi-fi or DSTV. These fans don’t know anything about football. It’s like monkeys or dogs when they’re shouting,” Eymael allegedly said. Speaking to SunSport yesterday, Eymael said he has already apologised to the club bosses even before the podcast was uploaded in the media platforms, and he said it was taken out of context. “I know why I said all those things because of the journalist,” Eymael said while in a bus yesterday, following Young Africans’ 1-0 win against Lipuli FC to finish the season in second position with 72 points from 38 matches – 16 less than champions Simba’s 88. “He told me that I will be fired (from Young Africans). He put it (podcast) up on Sunday. But I will communicate with the club on Tuesday and take it from there. “I have not heard anything from the club, but saw a statement which was sent to me by people.” The Belgian accused the Tanzania FA of favouritism after arch-foes Simba clinched their third straight league title. In a statement released by the club on Monday, Eymael has been fired with immediate effect as “Timu ya Wananchi” coach. “The leadership of the Yanga club is saddened by the unkind and discriminatory statements made by Luc Eymael, and spread on social media, as well as in the media,” the club said. “As a result of these unethical and non-athletic statements, the management of the Yanga club have decided to fire Luc Eymael... and apologises to the country’s leaders, the Tanzania Football Federation (TFF), and fans of Yanga, as well as the general public for the offensive and insulting statements made by coach. Yanga Club values and believes in the principles of discipline and dignity, and opposes any form of discrimination.”