BIDVEST Wits goalkeeper Brighton Mhlongo is determined to finish his career with the soon to be defunct club on a high. The Clever Boys will cease to exist at the end of the currently suspended Premier Soccer League (PSL) season after the club’s Absa Premiership status was sold to the owners of GladAfrica Championship side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila. Mhlongo, who is one of many Wits players whose future is currently up in the air as a result of the sale, will be eager to impress potential suitors during the remainder of the season. The former Orlando Pirates stopper has put his focus on ending his time at Wits on a high by winning the Nedbank Cup, the only trophy they have a realistic chance of winning. They face Mamelodi Sundowns in the semi-final of the lucrative cup competition, with Baroka taking on Bloemfontein Celtic in the other semi-final “Well, it’s always an exciting and great spectacle for everyone even though it’ll be played behind closed doors,” Mhlongo told his club’s website. “It will still be one of those games you’ll be expecting fireworks, so I hope both teams will prepare well enough so that when the time comes, it will live up to the hype.” Mhlongo is raring to get back to action and was delighted to learn that the South African government had given the green light on the resumption of football. The Soweto-born goalie has played only two matches for Wits this season, one in the Caf Confederation Cup and one in the Absa Premiership. He will be desperate for more chances as he looks to audition for a contract with the new owners or other PSL teams. “I’m very much excited, really looking forward to it. It’s been long and I believe we’ve never been out for so long without being on the field.” Mhlongo believes it will be difficult for players to perform to their full potential without the support from their fans inside the stadium. However, the former Chippa United man reckons players will get used to the new normal playing in empty stadiums as has been proven in Europe where games have been played on behind closed doors. “Given the fact that our country is a soccer loving nation this will be very awkward because it’s a very rare occurrence,” added Mhlongo. “Fans always have an influence in our games and our livelihoods as footballers, but again we must embrace this moment and give them something to cherish and rave about while watching from home.”