KZN Transport MEC Bheki Ntuli has ordered cops to immediately arrest the Nongoma mayor's bodyguard. This comes after he knocked down and killed two teenage girls while driving the mayor's car. The shocking incident happened on Thursday afternoon at Ntanzi Village in Nongoma, northern KZN. The MEC visited the family of cousins Olono Shezi (12) and Asanda Ngcobo (16) yesterday, where he announced that the bodyguard must be arrested immediately while the investigation continues. Ntuli also told the police to investigate allegations that the bodyguard was driving at a high speed and flashing blue lights. He said blue lights for mayors were banned long time ago so he doesn't understand how could it be that the mayor still had blue lights. "I have instructed the police to arrest the bodyguard so that he can explain what happened. We also want police to investigate allegations that the bodyguard was driving at a high speed and flashing blue lights. No one is above the law. If all these allegations are proven to be true, consequences must follow," said Ntuli. His call for the arrest of the bodyguard is contrary to police's comment to Daily Sun on Friday. Provincial police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele had told the People's Paper that a driver who has killed people in an accident doesn't get arrested. She said police have to open a culpable homicide case and then send the docket to the public prosecutor to make a decision whether to prosecute or not. Mbele told Daily Sun the police still stand by their comment that there is no reason to arrest the bodyguard. She said after the MEC's call on Saturday, the driver handed himself over to the police and the matter was taken to the prosecutor who refused to register the matter. Mbele urged the public not to put pressure on police but to allow them to do their job without fear or favour. "There are circumstances where the driver is arrested on the spot. If we find he is drunk or the victims were far from the road, we immediately arrest him for negligence but in the bodyguard's case, no circumstances warranted his arrest," said Mbele. Nongoma residents and family members had blockaded the road on Friday, demanding speed humps and the arrest of the bodyguard. Attempts to get comment from the family failed but a resident who was part of the protest said they were disappointed in the state's refusal to charge the bodyguard. He said their wish was for the bodyguard to be arrested and sent to court where he can be cleared if he isn't guilty. "We are disappointed by the turn of events now. The bodyguard was speeding, we saw that," he said.