FORMER Safa technical director Neil Tovey is set to deliver his comprehensive technical report to his former employers, Safa, either on Wednesday or Thursday. SunSport understands this report is set to be submitted to the NEC of Safa which will be a summary of the work the former Bafana Bafana captain did in the past five years. The report will be a summary of the job Tovey implemented at grassroots and higher levels, and what still needs to be done in terms of football development in Mzansi. Mokoko, who was appointed in June 2015, saw his contract with Safa not renewed last month and has already returned to his home town in Durban. It is not clear whether this report will be as scathing as that of former Safa CEOs Dennis Mumble and Gay Mokoena, who heavily criticised president Danny Jordaan for allegedly running Safa like a dictator and making decisions like an executive president. While Tovey is set to deliver his report, Safa regions are divided over his tenure, saying little was done by the 1996 Afcon winning captain. “The technical director’s role is to introduce and implement something like a syllabus at grassroots level all the way up. Tovey did not do much in that regard,” said a Safa region member. “I’m talking about Banyana and Bafana. He has to tell us what type of players should be identified who will suit that system. Sadly, we didn’t see that.” SunSport understands Safa will open the process of identifying a new technical director from tomorrow. Safa will then draw up a list of possible candidates for the post. But the appointment of the TD is the job of the CEO, in this case Tebogo Motlanthe. Another Safa region praised Tovey’s work. “He made sure provincial and regional technical officers were active as he engaged them,” said another Safa region member. “And despite his health status, he was doing well even though that created some problems.” Judging by how long this process will take, and Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe confirming they are not in a hurry to appoint, the TD’s position won’t be filled anytime soon.