CAPE Town is famous worldwide as a top tourism destination with beautiful views. The Mother City is also known for its wide inequality between beautiful suburbs and sprawling shacks. Viziyalo Madola knows how it feels to live near a posh suburb while inside a shack so he decided to make the most of having a view of the world famous Table Mountain. According to GroundUp,the Zwelitsha resident,an area of land grabbers,has built himself a fancy shack. The community news site reports that Madola’s shack boasts a lounge, a kitchenette, and a master bedroom. “The father of four has now dug his family a swimming pool with views of Table Mountain. The pool is filled with rain and water from the wetland on which the settlement is located.”  “Before putting up his shack, he elevated the foundation with quarry stones to prevent rain water flooding his home.” “I want to live a lifestyle which my government should have provided. I am 42 years old now. I can’t wait for the government to get a swimming pool … I am getting there slowly. You see how big my ground is? I have dreams,” he told GroundUp. However, according to Madolo the 300 families in his section share just one bucket toilet. Water is supplied by City tankers which park on Malibongwe Drive. Community leader Dolly Vinqishe said, “We need to be treated as South African citizens.” She said because of the occupiers’ living environment “we just live like the virus is not there but we know it is there”.   “Before the pandemic the residents had access to water via connections that they had run themselves from Doornbach. Since the start of the pandemic, additional water supplies were provided by means of tankers,” he said. Mayco Member for Human Settlements Malusi Booi said, “The City is providing some enhanced Covid-19 water and sanitation in some areas of Dunoon. It must be noted, we have limitations, and more and more illegal settlements forming expose residents to health, safety, fire and flooding risks. We cannot cater for all the new settlements at the expense of planned projects, service delivery and Covid-19 efforts.” 