CALEB Motshabi residents were shocked when the two sisters' dead bodies were removed from their shack. This was after the Shale family was given food on Wednesday night by a person who allegedly promised them a job. But the family of four did not eat the food immediately and only decided to eat the food on Thursday morning. Kediemetse Shale lived with her two daughters pregnant Refilwe (18) and Dikeledi (21) and a 4-year-old grandson in a shack in Mangaung and only the little boy did not eat the food. Kediemetse and her daughters started getting sick and the two daughters died in the shack while Kediemetse was rushed to hospital. The cops are on a manhunt for the person who gave the family a poisoned meal. Kediemetse's brother Teboho Lenkoe (32) said he was devastated by the deaths of his two nieces. He told Daily Sun: "I received a call about the incident and when I arrived, my two nieces were lying dead in the shack. My sister was rushed to the hospital. I don't know what happened, but we are not doing well and hope the truth will be revealed."  One relative said: "Someone had brought the family takeaway food on the previous night. The whole family did not eat the food because they had just had their supper. In the morning they started eating the food and they got sick. Refilwe died in her mum's arms. The woman had told them that she will get them jobs. "My sister is not doing well at the hospital. She has lost her two daughters and only her 4-year-old grandson did not eat the food because he was still full. My two nieces Refilwe and Dikeledi have died. Can we please talk later," said Teboho. Buhle Lion posted about the incident on Facebook and said: "Not so long ago my family found out that my cousin's girlfriend is pregnant. On Tuesday she went for her first antenatal appointment at the clinic. Today Refilwe, her sister, and mother were poisoned, she and her sister died on the spot and her mom is critical in hospital.” Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said: "We can confirm that an inquest docket was opened at Kagisanong Police Station. On Thursday 9 July 2020 the police were called to attend a scene at Caleb Motshabi. On arrival, they found two lifeless bodies of two women in the house. The mother of the two deceased was already taken to Pelonomi Hospital. It is suspected that the three consumed poisonous food. “It is alleged that an unknown woman gave them the food the previous night, but they only ate it the following morning. The mother is still admitted at Pelonomi Hospital. No arrest was made as the investigation is continuing."