 'The Minister and the MEC are playing games with the court,
parents and the learners' This was heard at the North Gauteng High Court on Thursday. Civil Organisations, Equal Education, and Section 27 brought
an urgent case at the High Court in Tshwane to seek assurance that meals are
provided in schools for nine million pupils who are eligible to benefit from
the National School Nutrition. The organisation accused the Basic Education Minister Angie
Motshekga and Education MECs of refusing to provide food to pupils. Equal Education wants the court to compel the department to
feed all pupils and not only those back at school. EE's general secretary Noncedo Madubedube says the DBE's
National School Nutrition Programme (NSNP) has failed to provide meals to all
learners. In court their legal representation, Adv Tembeka Ngcukaitobi
argued that food was taken away overnight and the one meal pupils were
guaranteed was taken away. He argued that there was a duty from the State to respect
the existing access of the right and it cannot be discontinued by the state at
will. "We place emphasis on human dignity and there is
nothing more undignified than starvation," he argued. Ngcukaitobi further told the court that hunger is a problem
in South Africa. "Poverty is a problem in our country. This is about a
program that does something about that problem," he said. Department of Educational National and Provincial's lawyer
Adv Marius Oosthuizen defended his clients by saying the accusations that the
Minister is callous is with respect unfounded. He argued that there seems to be an impression that the
Department and provincial education do not care for the children in their car. "The idea that the Minister does not care about the
hungry children is untrue," he said. Oosthuixen told the court that the department was working
and planning on solving the problem where learners are not receiving meals. He said to describe children on the ground not receiving
meal as a failure on the part of the Department is untrue. "The Department is doing their best under the
circumstances," he argued. Judge Sulet Potteril concluded the hearing and promised to
bring out the judgment as soon as possible. She reserved the judgment. 