IN
most places the process of screening people is done outside the premises of any
building before a person get into close contact with other people. By
the time a person gets inside the building, they have been screened. But
that is not the case at Mbasela Primary School situated in Inanda north of
Durban. In
this school pupils get screened inside a classroom. The
grade six and seven in this school are asked to get inside a classroom where
the screening process takes place. Following
this the parents of the pupils said they are not happy about this. They
said according to their understanding the screening should be done outside the
classrooms so that if a child has symptoms or high a temperature they can be
sent home before being in contacts to other pupils. A
parent who asked not to be named said in other schools the process of screening
is different from the one in Mbasela. "I've
seen pupils lining up outside the classrooms. What they are doing is wrong.
Even in clinics and other places the screening gets done outside. They are
putting our children’s lives at risk," said the parent. Another
parent said he was informed by his child that they screen in a classroom. "I
don’t like this at all. I don't understand why the principal allowed this to
happen," said the parent. The
parent said they want the department of education to intervene. "The
department must come to the school and sort this out," said the
parent. A
teacher at the school said they are also not happy about this process of
screening but they can't say anything because the principal will not listen to
them. The
KZN Department of Education spokesman Kwazi Mthethwa said the parents are
correct, screening is not supposed to happen in classrooms because what if
there are symptoms. "On
arrival screening is done. If there are symptoms than that pupil must be
allocated a separate room while waiting for health workers to arrive in order
to facilitate further madical attention. Then the school will be informed
accordingly," said Mthethwa. He
said this is not how it’s supposed to be done. 