For
over 100 years, AVBOB has been present at that most final of life’s
rituals. We witness first-hand the pain of loss and the persistence of longing
as our customers struggle to process the parting of a loved one. This has
sensitised us to their need for remembrance, celebration and closure. Informed
by this need, we’ve introduced inspiring and innovative offerings to our AVBOB
family – such as the AVBOB Poetry Project, where grieving South Africans
may go for comfort and consolation, with access to a free online library of
over 10 000 poems in all 11 of our mother tongues. We brought Aquamation –
water-based cremation – to South Africa, with its promise of a gentle, kinder
last rite. And now we are making the AVBOB Memories multi-channel
platform available to our funeral customers. The
COVID-19 pandemic has taught us, often painfully, of the importance of
remembrance and reconnection in our lives. With funerals limited to immediate
family and no more than 50 attendees, and with families spread around the globe
and separated by travel restrictions, we have felt most keenly the profound
need to re-consecrate our rituals, and to find new ways to honour those who
have left us. AVBOB Memories provides a remarkable remedy,
enabling us to reconnect through an online event that mirrors those real-world
rituals so deeply entrenched in our cultures and in our hearts. Through
an interactive and intuitive online platform, AVBOB Funeral Service customers
– whether they have a policy or not – may now produce their own video memorial,
in celebration of the life of their loved one. The user-friendly platform allows
a central coordinator to build a powerful tribute to the departed, making use
of images, messages, music, memes, memories and mementos. They are encouraged
to invite contributors onto the platform to share their fondest recollections
of the departed. The idea is to expand the circle of contributors to all those
whose lives were touched by the deceased. To
get started, the person coordinating the funeral arrangements will receive an
SMS invitation from AVBOB, containing a personalised web application
link, to register on the platform. Once registered, the coordinator can then choose
to build the memorial keepsake via the online platform or by downloading the ‘Memories
by AVBOB’ app from the Apple or Android app stores. The
coordinator is then able to select from, curate and upload the many
contributions – they may be poems or prayers, anecdotes or diary entries,
photographs from the past, or whimsical tales from the present. The end result
is a deeply personal digital memorial – a truly composite tribute to the person
lost, created and curated by those who knew and loved them best. What
differentiates the platform dramatically is that family and friends can access
it online or by dialling a personalised USSD service. In the spirit of inclusivity
that informs all our products and services, we wanted to ensure that even those
without access to data could still make use of this celebratory service. Setting
up the memorial has also been designed as a seamless process in just six simple
steps. This includes selecting a theme, identifying life-stage categories
through which to organise the content, and adding a biography of the beloved. And if the coordinator or contributors are at a loss for words and want to
enrich the video with verse, they’re free to use any of the poems in the AVBOB
Poetry library (www.avbobpoetry.co.za), which covers the themes of love,
death, birth and hope. Through
the platform, the time, date and venue of the funeral can then be shared with
all the contributors, and once the video memorial is complete, the coordinator
can download the video and distribute it – either as part of the funeral programme,
as a social media share, or as a perpetual keepsake, to be cherished and
revisited whenever they seek solace. The
digital service allows controlled access, curated participation, and detailed
customisation. But, more importantly, it provides a living, loving record of
the life lost. In the words of the poet Guy de Maupassant: “Our memory is a
more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer
exist.” AVBOB Memories is our way of giving
back to those who are grieving, at a time in their lives that is marked by loss
and longing. For all at AVBOB, it’s a demonstration of our brand
promise, to be there for our people, to address their changing needs,
and to offer hope and healing through the darkest of days. The AVBOB Memories
platform was purposefully created to provide a bridge to memory and to remind
us of what matters most in life. For more
details on this powerful platform, please visit: https://www.avbob.co.za/Product/FuneralService 