LUCKY Mazibuko has found a way to express his passion for food through entrepreneurship. The 32-year-old from Moteong Section in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni, owns the restaurant, Ribs Circle. Lucky said his business was inspired by a lack of restaurant services ekasi. Said Lucky: “There are traditional restaurant-goers, but they don’t have these services ekasi.” He said his research showed dominating restaurants served mala mogodu, nama ya hlogo, skop and sebete. “We serve dagwoods, sandwiches, ribs, chicken and salads,” he said. “We also sell plates of pap and nyama, but our primary service is ribs.” Lucky said they served their ribs BBQed or with hot sauce. “We season them with our own in-house secret spice,” he said. “The customer has a choice of side chips, salads, rolls or toasted slices of bread. Some prefer them with pap.” His sister, Sibongile Mazibuko (31), said Lucky always loved the kitchen. Said Sibongile: “He’s never been forced to cook and I wasn’t surprised when he chose the hospitality business after he worked as a waiter.” “I can eat and wash my car at the same time,” Thabang said. Lucky said after matric he joined his uncle’s take-away shop as a manager. “This is where Ribs Circle was born two years ago. We have a 10 full-time team that ensures we provide a fast, convenient solution for food,” he said. “If people don’t have the time to prepare meals at home, we’re there for them.” LUCKY Mazibuko grew up among the girls and his gogo encouraged him to be part of the rotational cook. When it was his turn, the 32 year old from Moteong section in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni would cook anything that was available at home but he was comfortable to cook chicken and pap. Today, Lucky is the owner of Ribs Circle in his neighborhood. It is a sit down restaurant where you can relax and wait for food at the table while your car is being washed. If you are looking for convenience, quality, portability and healthfulness in Kasi, Ribs circle is your first stop in Tembisa. Lucky said he was driven by lake of these kinds of services in Kasi. “There are traditional restaurant goers but they do not have these services in kasi as compared to your higher end fast food chains,” said Lucky. He said his research has shown that the dominating restaurants in kasi are serving mala mogodu, nama ya hlogo, skop and sebete. “We serve dagwoods, sandwich, ribs, chicken and salads. We also sell plates of pap and nyama but our primary service is ribs,” said Lucky. Lucky said they serve their ribs in different sizes and come with BBQ or hot sauce. “We season them with our own in-house spice which is secret. The customer has a choice of side chips, salads, rolls or toasted slices of bread. Some prefer them with pap,” said Lucky. Lucky said his challenge is the space. “I have sit down of eight tables, each takes four or six people,” said Lucky. Lucky said after matric, he worked as a waiter in a restaurant and later joined his uncle’s take away as the manager. “This is where Ribs Circle was born and we started two years ago. We have 10 full time team members that make sure we provide a fast, convenient solution for food. If people do not have the time to prepare meals in their homes on a daily basis, we will be there for them,” said Lucky. Lucky’s dream is to move his sit down restaurant to other kasi. He has also emphasized that business people must help each other. “Different skills can grow the business to one’s desire,” said Lucky.