MAMELODI Sundowns captain Hlompho Kekana is confident that they can defend their Absa Premiership title when football resumes on 8 August. The Brazilians, who are chasing their 10th title, are currently working hard in camp in Rustenburg to ensure they are in top shape when they get back onto the battle field. Pitso Mosimane’s charges are trailing log leaders Kaizer Chiefs by four points heading into the final stretch, but they have a game in hand. They also have the experience of a knack for peaking at the right time as they have shown in the previous two campaigns, edging rivals Orlando Pirates to the title. “We are looking forward to picking up from where we left off,” Kekana said in an Instagram chat with some of the club’s loyal supporters. “We are trying our best even with the restrictions, but it’s not easy because football is a contact sport. The social distancing doesn’t make things easy but we do our best to train well. “I’m sure we are ready for the remaining matches. The guys are training well, we are all refreshed and energised. Everyone is looking very sharp.” The 35-year-old also gave an update on how his new teammates George Maluleka and Lesedi Kapinga, who joined from Chiefs and Black Leopards respectively, are settling in the team. Although they will not be eligible to play for Sundowns in the reminder of the current season, the pair are already hard at work with the rest of the team as they look to impress in training ahead of the next campaign. “George and Kapinga are here training with the team,” added Kekana. “I’m sure they are excited to be here even though they won’t be able to play part in the remaining games.” Kekana is also excited to be working with Rhulani Mokwena again, who has rejoined the Brazilians after spending time with Orlando Pirates and Chippa United. Kekana believes Mokwena brings with him a lot of expertise and adds to the already impressive technical team headed by Mosimane. “Coach Rhulani has been here before so it’s easy for him to find his feet again at the club,” Kekana added. “He knows the team very well and we know him well too so it’s been very easy for us all to pick up from where we left off.”