THE Gauteng Boxing Promoters Association has turned to World Boxing Association (WBA) president Gilberto Mendoza to seek clarity on the sanctioning of regional title fights amid allegations levelled against their African official Stan Christodoulou of not fulfilling his obligations. This came after Limpopo based boxing promoter Prenomen Chauke launched a complaint against Chistodoulou. According to the Tsatsa Promotions boss, the sanctioning fees he paid to Christodoulou included money for officials and the championship belt which he never received. Chauke staged a WBA regional championship bout between defending champion Sibusiso Zingange and Paul Mangxilana in October. He has now approached the promoters association to intervene after he unsuccessfully tried to get the championship belt or a refund. Promoters association chairperson Joyce Kungwane said they were not convinced with Christodoulou’s explanation and have written to Mendoza seeking clarity. “We have written to WBA to seek clarification on how they are working on sanctioning bouts. In short, what are their requirements before sanctioning a bout,” said Kungwane. “What does inclusive mean because our understanding is different from Stan’s explanation,” she added. “Unlike with other bodies, they are specific on what promoters pay for. “After I got a complaint from one of our colleagues about Stan’s dealings when sanctioning the WBA Pan African title, I talked to him and I was not happy with his explanation,” Kungwane said. However, Christodoulou said it is international standard practice that the WBA does not charge for a championship belt. “Unlike other international sanctioning bodies, the WBA Pan African region does not levy a separate fee for the championship belt. “Instead it charges an all inclusive sanctioning fee amount which is inclusive of all deliverables for title bouts, including a championship belt to be presented at the end of the bout. According to Chistodoulou, a member of the international hall of fame if the champion retains the title there is no need for a belt to be issued.