THE Mpumalanga government has confirmed they have thrown their hat into the ring to host the remaining Premier Soccer League (PSL) fixtures. This comes after SunSport reported recently that Mpumalanga sport department would be making their bid to host the PSL bio bubble camp that will conclude the outstanding Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship fixtures. The PSL suspended all their fixtures in March due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The Mpumalanga government, despite concerns that they don’t have adequate facilities to host all the fixtures, say they have prioritised the safety measures required by the PSL. With Mpumalanga now in the picture, the PSL is spoilt for choice as to which province they’ll opt to host these games. Mpumalanga joins KwaZulu-Natal, Gauteng and the North West. Despite their slim chances of getting the nod with almost 32 clubs in favour of playing games in KZN and Gauteng, the province has the less than 10 deaths caused by Covid-19. “The strength of our presentations is that we have very low incidents of Covid-19 compared to other provinces,” said Mbombela Stadium manager Roelf Koetze. “The distance between the training venues and accommodation is quite close, on an average of 20 kilometres between them.” The match-day venues that Mpumalanga has put forward are Mbombela Stadium, Ka-Nyamazane Stadium and Kabokweni Stadium. The Ingwenyama Lodge would host teams as part of the training facility and quarantine accommodation, if Mpumalanga was selected. Mamelodi Sundowns used the facility during the off season and SuperSport United, who use Mbombela Stadium as their alternative home venue, are utilising the facility when they play at the 2010 Fifa World Cup stadium, as do Kaizer Chiefs. The province has a warm winter climate which Mpumalanga see as another good selling point. Added Koetze: “We have enough training venues, good pitches that we also listed to the PSL in our presentation.” The Biological Safety Environment (BSE), as per recommendations by the NSL Covid-19 Safety and Health Directive protocols was compiled by the PSL and SA Football Association joint task team. It is now the prerogative of Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize and his team to choose the BSE.