FOLLOWING months and weeks of uncertainty, the Premier Soccer League (PSL) teams are gearing up for a return to full training action. The Covid-19-enforced suspension, which has been in place since mid-March, is expected to officially end when teams return to training this week, pending the league’s Board of Governors (BoG) meeting on Monday. The BoG will go through the task team report compiled on the resumption of the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship campaigns. The task team was set-up by the BoG to look into ways football can return under Covid-19 lockdown. But crucially, they will provide clarity on when teams can start training to prepare for Premiership kick-off. The league has received the green light from the Sports Ministry to resume training under Level-3 of the national lockdown. The BoG will also study the submission the league has made to the government on the safe venues for matches. KwaZulu-Natal, North West, and Gauteng have been earmarked for biologically safe environment venues, even though there are concerns the latter is becoming the country’s coronavirus hotspot. This could leave North West as the viable option, the province is suitable with its 2010 Fifa World Cup legacy infrastructure. There are as many as eight fixtures remaining for each PSL side while the first division are left with six fixtures. There is also the Nedbank Cup semifinals and the final to be completed. PSL acting CEO Mato Madlala has already explained the leagues would only restart as soon as the clubs complete all the required health and safety protocols. “Resumption of football has conditions. There are some protocols that we need to follow such as testing. If they say, it can resume, yes, it can resume but we have to follow certain protocols in order to start,” said Madlala. Meanwhile, Safa is waiting for the PSL to provide the association with fixture dates so they can submit them to Fifa. “When I have all the information with the confirmed dates that have been signed off, I will then send them to Fifa because they only communicate with member associations,” said Safa acting CEO Tebogo Motlanthe. “You must remember that initially, Fifa asked all the member associations to write a letter to indicate when their respective leagues are likely to finish.”