THE 2019-20 PSL season is expected to resume in the second week of August after the coronavirus enforced five-month suspension. But it has truly been a bumpy road up to this point, with disagreements between PSL and Safa over the season restart. 24 MARCH Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa holds meeting with PSL chairman Irvin Khoza and Safa president Danny Jordaan to resolve outstanding issues and clear the air regarding reported animosity between the two football heavyweights. He calls for unity and seeks commitment from the two to work together and speak with “one-voice” on the proposed football resumption. 12 MAY Safa and the PSL form a task team through the joint liaison committee (JLC). The task team then formulates a document of 47-page titled “NSL Covid-19 Health and Safety Directive 2019-20 season”. This document covered a new norm of trainings, match-day protocols from all stakeholders to adhere to and asked clubs to toe the line strictly. The document gets submitted to Mthethwa, who gives it a glowing appraisal before allowing contact and non-contacts sports to resume training. 9 JUNE Confusion reigns as PSL seeks clarity on resumption. This is after Minister Mthethwa instructs Safa to play an overarching role and appoint a compliance officer to ensure clubs comply with the strict regulations, in accordance to the requirements of the NSL Covid-19 documents. The two organisations were soon warring over the appointment of compliance officers. 18 JUNE Mthethwa replies to PSL with letter, outlining government’s conditions for football resumption under strict Level 3 lockdown regulations. 9 JULY The PSL convenes a BoG meeting where a decision to resume the season on 18 July is taken. Safa is not impressed by PSL’s unilateral decision and expresses disappointment. The availability of referees later becomes a bone of contention with Safa arguing officials have not undertaken the mandatory fitness and Covid-19 tests and that they were following Fifa laws. 22 JULY Safa gives PSL green light to restart the season, on the advice of Fifa, in terms of the Transfer Management System, and prepares the referees for league resumption. The PSL to announce the date for the restart at today’s BoG meeting.