THEY HAVE been experiencing loadshedding and had even gotten used to it. Recently, the power started going off in the middle of the night. But residents heard a rumour that Eskom was not responsible for leaving them in the dark. Instead, it’s the izinyoka who’ve been disconnecting residents of Sgodi section in Duduza, Ekurhuleni. They charge residents to switch on their lights.Now gatvol residents are baying for their blood. “They will regret the day they started with their dirty mission,” said a resident. Some residents claimed to be paying R10 to have their lights put on again. “We hear they asked for money to have the lights on again. We’re looking for them,” said resident, Ezekiel Nkwana (36). “They’re conducting their own load shedding and we’re not going to allow them.” July Mahlangu (43) said: “We have a crisis and some individuals are taking advantage of the situation.” Residents said they’d grown to accept Eskom’s load shedding. “It happened during the day and for certain hours and would come back,” said Sonnyboy Ntombela (52). “Living in this area is hell already because of load shedding, but we’re not going to allow certain individuals to inconvenience us. “We can’t be loadshed day and night. Those who’re tripping electricity for their own gain need to stop.” Samuel Simelane (61) said the constant load shedding hit him hard in the pocket and he had to replace the light bulbs often. “My kettle was also damaged,” said Samuel. Residents said the food in their fridges went bad and they had to throw it away. “I’m a pensioner and the electricity goes off often,” said gogo Evelyn Monare (68). “It really inconveniences us as we can’t buy meat in bulk, and eating from hand to mouth really is expensive.” Daily Sun was led to three men said to be involved in the scam, but they refused to speak to the SunTeam. One inyoka, who’s not from the area, said they usually charged people R50 to connect them. The evil inyoka said he could make about R700 on a busy day. “When we’re broke we just switch off the transformer and we know people will come back to us and we charge them,” he said. Eskom said its technicians were the only ones who were authorised to connect electricity. Residents should report any illegal activity on 08600 37566 or send an SMS to the Crime Line, 32211. 