Tributes continue to pour in for Rivonia Trialist and struggle veteran Andrew Mlangeni who passed on Tuesday night. People from all walks of life have paid tribute to the last of the golden generation of the Rivonia Trialists. Mlangeni's death came death came just a month after he celebrated his 95th birthday. President Cyril Ramaphosa has led the scores of people to pass their condolences to the family and friends of the strugg “Until recently were able to sit at his feet and draw on his wealth of wisdom and his unfailing commitment, even at his advanced age- to a better life for all South Africans. Throughout his life he remained a beacon of ethical leadership and care for humanity in our own country and around the world," Ramaphosa said. "“With his passing as the last remaining Rivonia Trialist, Bab’ Mlangeni has indeed passed on the baton to his compatriots to build the South Africa he fought to liberate and to reconstruct during our democratic dispensation." Meanwhile, SAFA President Dr Danny Jordaan has joined millions of South Africans in mourning the struggle hero. Jordaan said Mr Mlangeni’s sacrifices to the new South Africa are well documented and his anti-apartheid stance made him a global icon.“We celebrated Bab’ Mlangeni’s 95th birthday’s last month and little did we know that this will be his last but he has run his race and we are grateful of the legacy he left behind. May his soul RIP,” said SAFA President.Dr Jordaan said ‘Bab’ Mlangeni remained steadfast to his leadership ethics and was a caring cadre of the liberation movement.“My thoughts and the football family’s thoughts are with the Mlangeni family. Here is a selfless man who dedicated his entire life to an equal and free society,” added Dr Jordaan.  Just last year, Tata Andrew Mlangeni was so full of life and spoke of the importance of sport and celebrating those that gave so much to it. #RIPAndrewMlangeni ??????? pic.twitter.com/e6HFWQjNOO We learnt with deep sadness of the passing away of the last remaining Rivonia Trialist and Isithwalandwe Seaparankwe Tata Andrew Mekete Mlangeni. May his revolutionary soul rest in eternal peace. pic.twitter.com/Pth2DJmxRE 