Singer and songwriter Langa Mavuso has released a single, Love Lost. This is an upward path for the Sunday Blues hit maker, whose real name is Nkosinathi Mavuso. Speaking to SunBuzz, he said: “Love Lost is about a past memory. When I was in high school, my first love died. “It was a very painful thing to go through. “When I wrote the song I did not want it to be a sad track. I wanted it to reflect the memories that come from a place of peace and closure. I titled the song love lost because I felt that I did not lose love, but love lost a chance with me.” The 26-year-old musician said he’s a sucker for love. “Even when I’m not in love, I’m constantly in a state of yearning to be in love. Even in relationships with family or friends, I love very strongly. “So my songs had to reflect my experiences with love,” he said. Langa has self-titled his upcoming debut album because it’s the essence of him. “I wasn’t finding the right words to capture what the album completely is, but what I was sure of is that it’s the essence of me and it was so much easier for me to call it Langa because it’s a solidified account of my life.” He said working on the album was an interesting and fulfilling journey for him. “When I started working on the album, I was going through the most. I had just broken up with someone I loved. I had planned to write an album about love, but when my love life changed, I wrote about the heartbreak. “When listening to the album, you’ll hear that I went through a lot of phases because of the break-up. There was also a point I felt like I had lost a bit of myself. But at the end of the album, you’ll hear that I ended up finding closure,” he said. Langa said that since he burst into the music scene, his journey has been fruitful. “It has been an interesting journey and it has had its ups and down also there had been a lot of learning and growing that needed to happen. I am grateful because I have been able to fulfil a lot of my dreams so early.” ) Love Lost is available on all digital platforms and his album will drop on the 24 August.