IT’S CALLED penis pearling. Doctors say it’s dangerous, men say it can be painful. AND WOMEN WHO HAVE TRIED SUCH 4-5s SAY THEY WANT NOTHING ELSE! READ: IRVIN KHOZA LOSES ANOTHER WIFE Penis pearling is when beads are placed under the skin of the 4-5, making it rough and bumpy – anything but smooth. “Placing the implants is quite simple and done without painkillers,” said urologist, Dr Guy Gaudji. “The skin is penetrated using a sharp object and the implant is pushed under the skin until it occupies the desired location. “The implants are most commonly found on the shaft or the foreskin.” But the doctor warned that many patients have needed help after the procedure went wrong.  He said the procedure was often done in under-the-table settings without proper considerations for hygiene. The doctor warned this practice may cause painful erections, swelling, functional impotence, and other serious problems. “I believe people shouldn’t do this,” Gaudji said. He said there was very little evidence that it improved sex. “I’ve had many patients who want the beads removed. And that’s the most painful part.” He said he’s heard inserting the beads could cost between R10 000 to R30 000. ALSO READ: STUDY: YOU ARE MORE LIKELY TO GET COVID-19 AT HOME Daily Sun spoke to some of the guys who’ve done the procedure and they said it was worth it. “Women go crazy for the sex. Once they’ve tasted it they never want to stop,” said Mandla Mthombeni (31). He said he has plain beads. “There are different types of beads. I chose these ones because there aren’t any side effects like cancer,” he said. He said he dumped his girlfriend and is now dating a rich married woman who takes care of all his bills. “She doesn’t want to share me with any other woman. “I live in a cool apartment in Joburg. “My car has been fully paid, and she sends money home to my daughter and pays me an allowance,” said Mandla. “I’ve been doing this for a year and this woman is very happy.” He said men should do it. “Your girl will never leave you. My ex still calls me.” Another man said he has three girlfriends who all know about each other because they caught him cheating. “But none of them have left,” said the man who didn’t want to be named. He said he inserted his own beads. “I did this when I was in jail with the help of a friend,” he said. “It was very painful. The pain lasted for three weeks and I thought I had caught an infection, but I healed and life was great when I got out of jail.” ALSO READ: THE BENEFITS OF NOT WEARING UNDERWEAR Sex expert Phumlile Mkhonza said her research indicates that women go crazy for such men, and it has helped some relationships and marriages. She said there are plain, colourful and iron beads. “There are women who prefer men who have these implants, but some women don’t like it,” said Phumlile. “Nobody is required to like this body modification or enjoy it.” She said if your partner wants to try it, you need to go slowly. “Sex with a man who has penis pearling is intense and highly pleasurable, but it’s important to be careful. “You need to make sure that a woman is highly aroused first,” said Phumlile. Lorraine Sithole (41) said every woman should experience this, even if it’s just once. I haven’t poked a man without pearls for two years,” she said. “There’s some little pain but all in all, I love it. “It gives me multiple orgasms. I don’t see myself dating any guy without it,” Lorraine told the People’s Paper. Boniswa Mchunu (38) said it hurts when they have sex. “But I still love it. The sex is very addictive.”  