MAMELODI Sundowns ace Themba Zwane has revealed how he manages to deliver consistent performances for the demanding Tshwane giants. The Bafana Bafana star never seems to be overwhelmed even at the biggest stage, a credit to his mental strength. The pressure that comes with playing for Mamelodi Sundowns can sometimes prove to be too much for some players. But Zwane is not one of those players as he has proven on multiple occasions, playing a starring role for the dominant Brazilians in recent seasons. The 30-year-old star who joined sundowns from Vardos FC back in 2011, has had to bide his time at Sundowns. He endured one season on loan at Mpumalanga Black Aces, where he scored four goals and provided two assists from 28 appearances in all competitions before returning to Sundowns. And when Pitso Mosimane finally handed Zwane his big opportunity, the Tembisa-born star grabbed it with both hands. “The secret is that you need to be consistent and work hard,” he told his club’s website. “Remember that at Downs we have a lot of quality players so if you don’t do that they will take your place. I am trying to improve the ‘Mshishi’ of last season of course. “I only compete with myself, and give credit to my teammates because they make things to be easy for me.”  Zwane continues to be one of Downs’ best players again this season having scored 12 goals and provided eight assists in all competitions. He is hoping to add to his eight trophies he has won with Sundowns which include three Absa Premiership titles, a CAF Champions League and Super Cup title, two Telkom Knockout titles as well as the Nedbank Cup. Downs are just four points adrift of leaders Kaizer Chiefs in the league who have played a game more in the league and are also chasing the Ke Yona Cup. “It (winning the league) will mean a lot to me,” added Zwane. “When I came to Sundown in 2011, I told myself that I want to create history and make history to repeat itself. To be honest I was ready for anything and I manage the pressure because I know what people want from me. I am expected to deliver at all times.”