MPUMALANGA and the North West provinces seem to have gained some traction in their quest to host the camp in which the outstanding 54 Absa Premiership and 44 in the GladAfrica Championship plus three in Nedbank Cup fixtures will be played to complete the league before 31 August. Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal had emerged as the front-runners in the race to organise this much-awaited restart camp. PSL chairman Irvin Khoza and acting CEO Mato Madlala are expected to finalise the venue of the camp after today’s Board of Governors (BoG) meeting where a decision will be taken. They will also decide whether to use one or two venues. According to a SunSport source, the 32 clubs were impressed by both the Gauteng and KZN governments bids at Tuesday’s BoG meeting. However, Minister of Health Dr Zweli Mkhize will have to give his approval after the PSL presents their recommendations to him. Also, the rescheduling of fixtures has to be submitted to the SA Football Association, Mzansi’s controlling body, who will submit them to Fifa. The PSL suspended all matches in mid-March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. According to our mole, Gauteng and KZN ticked all the boxes. They both boast more than enough facilities. But both Mpumalanga and North West have one advantage in that neither province are a hotspot for Covid-19. Gauteng and KZN are among the provinces with the highest number of cases. Mpumalanga and North West are disadvantaged by a lack of facilities. Said our source: “Unfortunately, when you host these games, you must have enough venues and training pitches. The pitches must also be able to handle pressure because there’ll be lot of games that will be played in a short space of time. “Ideally, it should be two provinces hosting this. But we also need the Minister of Health to approve this. The decision is not for us alone.” According to the NSL Covid-19 Health and Safety Directive protocols compiled by the Safa and PSL task team, games are to be held in a Biological Safety Environment. “You must have one bubble where everyone will be quarantined for at least 45 days. So there’s a lot that needs to be taken into consideration,” said the mole. With the country having entered the winter season, there are serious concerns about pitch conditions.