PSL club coaches are moaning that they have been kept in the dark regarding the bio-bubble camp in Gauteng ahead of the resumption of Premiership season. As if that was not enough, the majority of coaches that spoke to SunSport sounded frustrated that it’s difficult to prepare for the remaining matches, as the league is yet to release the resumption fixtures for the remaining matches. They are hoping that the scheduled Board of Governors (BoG) meeting tomorrow, which comprise chairmen from clubs in the PSL and GladAfrica Championship, will shed light. The season was halted in March due to coronavirus pandemic. Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt is among those left perplexed. He said he knows nothing as to when will they go into the bio-bubble “or when we will start”. “There is a meeting on Friday (tomorrow) and hopefully that will be communicated to us,” said Hunt, whose club is on its last days after it was sold to Limpopo businessman Masala Mulaudzi of TTM. “It’s difficult (to prepare) without knowing the fixtures. Safa said we should start on 1 August, but I think referees are holding up (due to training in order to regain fitness).” His colleague at SuperSport United, Kaitano Tembo, said: “We need to ensure we keep the guys focused because it’s tough not knowing when we will start playing again. But we hope everything will be sorted out.” Maritzburg United mentor Eric Tinkler believes it’s all is Safa’s hands. “They know exactly when we will start,” said the Team of Choice coach. “The date will change, but the fixtures will remain the way they are, so it’s not difficult to prepare because we know who our next opponents are.” ) Dylan Kerr (Baroka): “We don’t know yet when we will travel to Joburg. But we are taking it day-by-day to keep the spirit going, and ensure players are enthusiastic. “We need to be in the right frame of mind when the message (from PSL) comes out. “Whenever they make an announcement we will be ready.” “It’s important not to worry about whom we play against because we can’t control that and we will wait for the fixture list.” “It’s difficult to prepare when you don’t know the team you are going to play. “But we’ve got to respect the PSL because it’s difficult for football throughout the world. It’s not easy even for the president, coaches, players, we are all going through a difficult period. We have to make the best out of the situation and not complain to avoid getting frustrated. We are looking forward to Friday (meeting) and we will take whatever we get.”