AMATEUR clubs in the ABC Motsepe and SAB League remain in the dark about what the future holds for them. The 32 Premier Soccer League (PSL) teams are gearing up for the resumption of football in the coming weeks. SunSport caught up with some teams from these two divisions. They said the controlling body, the SA Football Association (Safa), has not communicated anything to them as all players and officials remain at their homes. However, the clubs believe it will be a good idea to nullify the season because they cannot gamble with their players’ lives. Most teams in the professional ranks returned to training last week, after being approved on an individual basis after having complied with the government’s approved league directive on measures such as sanitisation and Covid-19 testing. And by the look of things, chances seem very slim that the amateur leagues will be completed. It is no secret many clubs in the SAB and Motsepe League do not have the financial muscle, and they will not be able to meet all the government’s requirements regarding resuming the season. Gauteng Motsepe League leaders Pretoria Callies head coach Sammy Troughton said they are hoping they will receive communication from Safa. “We are left out in the cold,” Troughton stated. “Nothing, nothing is happening this side. Most of the clubs in this league cannot afford a lot of things that need to be done to start training.” M Tigers coach Shawn Bishop said it will be difficult for amateur leagues to resume. He said: “The health of players come first. We have to respect the health of players. Another thing, it is winter now and the virus is reaching its peak in the country.” Baberwa CEO, Joe Seanego said it is frustrating, but no hasty decision should be taken. Seanego stated: “Right now I don’t think we should blame Safa if they come up with a decision to void the amateur leagues. This is real and we do not have facilities (for Covid-19 testing).” Mash Maila, Ditlou FC owner in the Motsepe League in Limpopo, said: “We have not heard from the association, but I think they should just cancel this season. Teams are using community facilities and they won’t meet government regulations if they are to resume the Motsepe League.” Khathutshelo Makhomisani, owner of Masakona Young Tigers in Limpopo’s SAB League had this to say: “I would be happy if they cancel this season. We cannot afford to take chances and rush back to play.” Safa acting CEO Tebogo Motlanthe said: “Safa has spoken to the teams. Football activity is suspended at this level (Level 3 of the lockdown) we are currently in. “Those who are saying they haven’t heard from the association are not telling the truth because provincial NEC members have been talking to them.” Safa NEC member Mzwandile Maforvane says they are assessing the situation in provinces: Unfortunately, with them we cannot have one camp and complete the season. We still hope to complete their season, but that will only happen under Level 1.” He added: “At the moment we haven’t reached a decision to void the SAB League and Motsepe Leagues, because at the end we will need teams in the national play-offs. “Those teams will be promoted to First Division.”