THE South African Football Coaches Association (Safca) have effectively called for the ban of Luc Eymael from working in football. Not new to controversy, the Belgian has once again raised the ire of football followers with his latest racist remarks in Tanzania. Eymael has since been fired as coach of Young Africans FC in Dar es Salaam. “I don’t enjoy your country (Tanzania). You’re uneducated people. I am disgusted. I don’t have a car, wi-fi or DSTV. These fans don’t know anything about football. It’s like monkeys or dogs when they’re shouting,” Eymael told the local media in Tanzania. “This place is not for me, playing in pitches at a level of seventh or eighth division in Europe is not for me.” Luc Eymael. What a disgusting and racist human being. If you can even call him that.(??@BenjaHajji ) pic.twitter.com/Wcj398foW1  Said Safca president Gregory Mashilo: “Eymael has a history of disrespecting Africans and our football, yet he continues to get coaching jobs around our continent, more particularly in South Africa where he was recycled within our professional clubs. “Safca recommends that strong action should be taken against Eymael to be banned from working not only in African football but globally so as to send a strong message to other racists masquerading as coaches. “In light of the ‘Black Lives Matter’ global movement and racism in football in Europe, this must become a watershed moment for African football to make a stand against racism. “The critical need for clubs and football associations to have an anti-racism clause in the contracts and code of conduct is understated.”  Eymael left Leopards to join Yanga nine months ago. He had run-ins with fellow PSL coaches during his three stints with Polokwane City, Free State Stars and Black Leopards. His war of words with Golden Arrows coach Steve Komphela are well documented, with the latter having described Eymael as a mercenary. “That one must not come to South Africa. I’m not being disrespectful, but Luc must not come to South Africa. “This guy has disrespected people tremendously and this nation would be naive, if not very close to stupid if they were to allow such a man to come and work here.”  