HE is only a 17-year-old, but this teen will need shades because his future looks too bright. Obakeng Thetele started building a car at the age of 15 and now has a moving car. But this is not just a car which runs on petrol. Obakeng went wild with his creativity and used a bike and the front of a Volkswagen Citi Golf to make his transport with three wheels. The grade 11 pupil says no one taught him and he wants to be car a designer when he finishes school. His unique designed three-wheel car has a name and he calls it OTetle. Obakeng said he used old steel to make a car frame before his father started buying other parts for him. He collected other materials that he knew he might need, like bicycle wheels. But now his car runs on bike wheels that he got from the support of his father. Videos showing his OTetle on the road has made rounds on social media with many cheering the young boy's talent and skills.  Obakeng told Daily Sun: "My father fixes cars and I was inspired by him. I started with this car in 2018 after I took a square steel frame. I nearly threw away, but then I got this wild idea." When the SunTeam visited him at his home in Turflaagte, Obakeng said his car's valves were damaged and it could not start. "But that's easy for me to fix and it will start in no time. Its wheels are from a small bike that my dad had and I took its part to make the moving car. I used to have wheels of bicycles.  I have experienced some challenges of traffic cops who were not happy to see on the road while others gave me words of encouragement. I have met with the patrolling soldiers who stopped me and only took photos of my OTetle. They were so happy and told me to stay focus and watch my success unveiling in front of my eyes. "My car runs on petrol and I love it. My favorite subjects are Technical and Mechanical engineering but I was rejected at local technical school and I ended doing commerce subjects at Brebner High School. I want to see myself being a car designer or builder when I finish school, " he said. His mother Golo Thetele (46) said she is not surprised by Obakeng's curiosity because her husband was like that during his teen years. Leepile said Obakeng has followed in his footpath.  "I am a teacher and teach mechanical and welding at my school. I will continue to help him to buy him the materials that he needs. He has built his OTetle without any help because he wants to get all the credits. He deserves all the credit because no one helped him. We will support him in what he wants to be when he finishes school," said Leepile.