FORMER Orlando Pirates dribbling wizard Thabo Rakhale has opened up about his dwindling career after he was off-loaded by Chippa United this week. Rakhale (30) is now desperate to rescue his career after his contract with the Port Elizabeth based outfit came to an end on Wednesday and he is now searching for a new club and would not mind joining the likes of George Lebese who went overseas after struggling to get a team in the Premier Soccer League. “I don’t know yet what the future holds but one thing I want to do is to play football. It does not matter where I play. If an overseas offers comes I will have a look and if I am happy, I will go.” The speedy winger said he has endured some tough times in the past three seasons as he was not at his best. “It has been tough,” he stated. Rakhale left Pirates midway through the 2017-18 season to join Chippa “When I left Pirates to join Chippa I was not myself mentally and emotionally, hence my performance took a knock and dropped.” “You know when you are a player and not playing everything just stops. I had to leave Pirates because I wanted to play and Chippa chairman Siviwe Mpengesi welcomed me. “I remember when I first had a meeting with him he said to me mfana wami dlala ibhola (my boy just play football), he believed in me and I was able to redeem myself and tat helped me to regain my confidence.” However, Rakhale admitted that during his stint with Chippa he was not at his best. “Knowing myself, I cannot say I was at my best at Chippa. There was a time towards the end of the season I was getting there but the campaign came to an end. But at the end of the day, I do not have any regrets I just want to play football.” Rakhale has also dismissed the rumours that are linking him to Kaizer Chiefs. He said: “I know of that rumour it has been making rounds for some time now but, honestly speaking, that is not true. I don’t know anything about that. They have never approached me at all.” In 2018, Rakhale had a trial with Turkish side Istanbulspor, however, a deal never materialised. “I thought everything went well during the trial with that team,” the Sebokeng-born midfielder recalled. “I was there for a month and played four out of five games. “They were impressed but I am not sure what happened and why I did not get a contract with them,” Rakhale added.