 Age is nothing but a number. And that’s exactly what it was to madala Philip Dhlamini (69), whose old age didn’t stop him from pursuing a career in law. Already a pensioner, at the age of 65 in 2016, Madala Phillip from Roodepoort, stepped inside the lecture room for the first time as a first-year law student at the University of Limpopo. Four years later, despite all the challenges he faced he graduated and qualified to be a lawyer. He said when he joined the class, the oldest students at the time was 22 years, but he became the oldest at the age of 65 “Then I was joined by one in the 30s and one in the 40s,” he said. Phillip was in the courtroom of the Joburg high court in 2013, he was defending himself as the chairperson of the disciplinary committee of the PAC. He and the committee had resolved that the then president of the movement, Letlapa Mphahlele, be expelled but he launched an urgent application to have the expulsion reversed. “After persuading Judge Frans Kgomo, he recommended that I must go and study law and that it was never too late, and I should not even look at age.” He said after he accepted the challenge, he went to the University of Limpopo and he was turned down. “I challenged the university in the Pretoria high court, we reached an out-of-court agreement which was made the order of the court. “The following year in 2016, I registered and enrolled for an LLB degree.” He added, “But before that, because I had only standard 6, I didn’t have the matric that was required, I was relying on the recognition of prior learning. “In the registration, the university had to apply for permission from the matriculation board, so I was given an exemption to be admitted in 2016.” After spending four years as a full-time student at the university, Phillip finally graduated, virtually because of the COVID-19 pandemic. “For me, there was nothing wrong, but I would have loved to be receiving my degree at the university but because of the coronavirus, I had to accept it as it comes. “I come from a liberation movement, as a soldier I have my discipline, so the virtual graduation was not an issue while it was an issue to the younger ones, because they would love to be on the stage and accept their degrees.” Being an older person in the space full of young people, he said it is one should not impose their morals on the young ones. “Adjust and know that they are at that level don’t try to interfere with their language. Try to be reasonable and open up to be able to help them if they need help." He said his classmates respected him and they were always willing to help him as he would also assist them whenever they came to him seeking help. “There are also young lecturers, with no experience, but don’t bully them, find a way to correct them without embarrassing them in front of the students.” Academically, Philip did well, but he said for the first two years he would fail one subject per semester. “I never looked backward, yes there were challenges, I failed one subject in the first semester, the second semester I failed another subject, but what was more important was that I passed 5 out of 6 and that was a great achievement on my side. “He said as his brain got used to the studying, he ended up passing all the subjects without having to repeat any.” Now Phillip works for Sekati Monyane incorporation in Pretoria. “I work from home, I do a lot of drafting, and one area I’m good at is drafting court papers.”  