SPAR aims to bring back the spark to their athletes during this difficult period by introducing the Spar Women’s Virtual Challenge. Athletes in Mzansi also had a tough time due to the coronavirus pandemic that forced all sporting codes to get cancelled. This resulted in the cancellation of the popular six city SPAR Women’s Challenge races that make up the SPAR Women’s Grand Prix. To ensure women have something to cheer about, Spar have encouraged them to take part in the Virtual Challenge on 26 September. Women of all ages can run or walk any distance between 5km and 10km between six in the morning and six in the evening, then post about their experiences on any platform using the hashtags #BeSunshine or #SPARVirtualChallenge. SPAR Group Marketing Executive Mike Prentice says their aim is to set a world record as part of their celebration to mark 30 years of involvement in women’s road running. He went on: “We want to try set a Guinness world record for the biggest women’s virtual challenge and our target is 30 000 entries. We know that thousands of women look forward to taking part in the SPAR Women’s Challenge races and fun runs each year, so we have decided to run a virtual challenge to give  them something to look forward to and motive to exercise.” Prentice revealed that the Virtual Challenge will assist survivors of Gender-Based Violence (GBV). “Gender Based Violence appears to have worsened during the national lockdown. All money received from entry fees will be used to help survivors,” Said Prentice One of the Virtual Challenge ambassadors and captain of the SPAR Proteas netball team Bongi Msomi also shared the same sentiment. She said: “GBV is a serious problem in South Africa and it is time we send messages to everyone, not just men, that it is not acceptable.” Another ambassador, Rene Kalmer, the first to win three SPAR Grand Prix titles said she will be shuffling than running this time as she is pregnant. She said: “These have been dark days and we all need a little sunshine. It is also time for the athletes to give back to SPAR, who have supported us for the past 30 years.” Although, women from Gauteng, Mpumalanga, Limpopo, Free State, North West and Northern Cape will be able to enter the Virtual Challenge, only limited entries are available in KwaZulu Natal, Western and Eastern Cape. Entry for the Virtual Challenge is R50, and for every entry, SPAR will donate a food parcel to a GBV survivor. Obtain more information on www.sparvirtualchallenge.co.za 