FORMER environmental affairs minister Nomvula Mokonyane has said allegations she took bribes from Bosasa smacked of hatred. The former ANC MP yesterday told the Zondo Commission the claims were aimed at destroying her character. Mokonyane was responding to allegations by former Bosasa chief operating officer, Angelo Agrizzi, that she benefited from a corrupt relationship between the ANC and the company. ALSO READ:THEY CALL ME MISS COVID-19 “The submissions that have led me here today, I find them extremely defamatory. “I find them full of contradictions by someone who’s had ample time and opportunity afforded to him exclusively. “I find that they smack of hatred. I find that they’re very insensitive. I find they seem to be an act of excessive desperation for reasons that are better known by Mr Agrizzi.” Agrizzi told the commission Bosasa boss Gavin Watson had given him instructions to take care of Mokonyane because of her influence in the ANC. Mokonyane said she’d go to Bosasa offices because she had a relationship with the Watsons before she held any political positions and the company supported ANC programmes. Agrizzi claimed that every year Bosasa would deliver 120 cases of cold drinks, four cases of high quality Whiskeys, 40 cases of beer, eight lambs, 12 cases of frozen chicken and beef, among other things, to Mokonyane’s house on Christmas Day. He went on to describe features in the house. He said Bosasa also installed security features at her house. Mokonyane said: “I don’t have the capacity to store these volumes referred to. I have never received anything as Agrizzi indicated.” Asked about the security features, she said they were installed by the state and not Bosasa. She said security at her house was the responsibility of her late husband. However, she said, Bosasa once responded to a call from her husband to have the alarm system checked as it kept going off. She didn’t know if her husband paid Bosasa for the work. She denied Agrizzi had been to her house with her knowledge or in her presence. “He might have got this explanation from somebody who’s been to the house,” she said. Mokonyane said she was offended that Agrizzi had told the commission Bosasa buried her son. “I think Agrizzi hates me. His claims are very disrespectful, insensitive and undermining,” she said.