AMAZULU have decided to keep veteran goalkeeper Moeneeb Josephs, for now. Josephs, whose playing contract expired last month, has signed a short-term deal as an assistant coach until this suspended season is completed at the end of August. “We’ve agreed with Moeneeb that he’ll stay on as assistant coach to Ayanda Dlamini until the completion of this season,” said club’s general manager Lunga Sokhela. “At the end of the season, the club will hold talks with him.” Josephs joined the coastal outfit from Bidvest Wits at the beginning of the last season on a two-year deal as a cover to Siyabonga Mbatha and Neil Boshoff. But late in February, Usuthu announced that coach Jozef Vukušic was given special leave after Usuthu lost 1-0 to Chippa United at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. This came after players went to complain to management about the coach’s tactics and that’s when management felt the former Polokwane City coach should step aside. Josephs was then installed as assistant to caretaker coach Dlamini just before the big clash against Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium early in March. He and Dlamini engineered Usuthu’s shocking victory over log-leaders Chiefs in their first outing, in what proved to be the club’s last game before the season was suspended due to COVID-19, when Bongi Ntuli tucked home the winner. It was a game that was a mismatch as Usuthu were bottom and that win over Amakhosi was the first time in 13 years. For Josephs and Dlamini to prolong their stay at the coastal club, they will have to save Usuthu from the relegation axe as the Durban-based side lies second from bottom, three points ahead of bottom side Black Leopards. Meanwhile, Josephs has seen it all in football. The 40-year-old made his PSL debut in September 1997 when he was 17 years old at the now defunct Seven Stars, against African Wanderers. The Mitchell’s Plain-born goalie has gone on to play for Ajax Cape Town, Wits twice and Orlando Pirates. He is one of a few players who was closing on 500 PSL stats. Along the way, he has won everything on offer locally. He claimed three league titles, three TKOs, three MTN8 and one Nedbank Cup. SunSport has realably learned that Josephs will eventually retire at the end of this season.