KAIZER Chiefs midfielder Kearyn Baccus has shared with his fans what he enjoys doing outside the field of play. The Durban--born midfielder, who joined Amakhosi at the beginning of the season from Melbourne FC, enjoys Australian rules football. Ausie rules is an Australian sport in which two teams of eighteen players face each other on an oval field, often a modified cricket ground. Players are allowed to use any part of their body to move the ball, although it usually involves kicking, handballing and lots of running with the ball. “Outside soccer, I love watching Aussie rules,”  Baccus told his club's website. “I have enormous respect for their player. They can run all day. They are super fit and the game is tremendously fast. It’s incredibly exciting to watch. “When I visit Sydney, I will even occasionally go to the stadium to watch them play. Here in South Africa, however, I try to follow their matches on my iPad.” Baccus is enjoying his first season with Amakhosi. He has managed to feature in 19 matches in all competitions this season, scoring once and providing four assists. Baccus is preparing to complete the season with Amakhosi on a high as they look to end their four season long trophy drought. Chiefs will go into the Biological Safe Environment (BSE) soon ahead of the resumption of the league. Baccus adds that he also enjoys watching previous matches of their opponents ahead of their encounter. “I don’t watch too many games,” he confesses, “however, if we play, for example, Polokwane City, I will always check out a recent fixture from them. I will watch how they play and, of course, I will especially check how their midfielders operate, how they pass, combine with each other and so on. Nothing major, but it’s important to do.” He also enjoys watching movies. "I will check out what is on Netflix, otherwise I just download a movie. Depending on my mood at that specific moment, I will make a choice – usually it will be an action movie or a comedy," added Baccus.“My favourite actor is Denzel Washington, having in particular enjoyed his movies Training Day and Equalizer. When it comes to comedy, I will watch anything that features Adam Sandler.”