When people stocked up and panic buy all sorts of groceries, from tinned food to toilet paper, you also might be wondering how you will handle healthy eating during the next months. Please note that we are not saying now is the ideal time to focus on weight-loss or completely changing your eating habits for the better – for most of us, these times are uncertain and scary. But focusing on food as a pillar of energy and health and not as a crutch for emotions, is a good idea. Here are some tips to navigate eating at home: While the country is in the grips of fear and uncertainty, the last thing you want to add to that is shame about your body and weight. You need to make a shift in your attitude during this time. You want to eat to honour your body and to keep all systems functioning as well as possible, not because you want to emerge from this lockdown looking fabulous. These tips, straight from a dietitian, will help you eat to boost your immune system. Another nutritional goldmine for a healthy body is antioxidants – learn more why these are so important to you, and how you can obtain them. Tell yourself during this time, “I need to eat healthy, balanced meals as much as possible, not because I’m scared of weight-gain, but want to stay healthy in a time when our health can be compromised.” Yes, it’s going to be harder during this time to buy fresh produce daily. But that doesn’t mean you should shun healthy eating immediately. There is evidence that frozen fruit and vegetables can be just as beneficial to you as fresh. Here are quick tips to healthy pantry staples: READ | How to eat healthy on a budget For the first couple of days, lockdown might feel like the beginning of a long weekend for some – but this doesn’t mean that you should eat accordingly. If you shopped ahead, scan your pantry and fridge and plan your meals, at least for the next week. Also try to eat at set times. This will create a sense of normality and will keep you and your family from reaching for biscuits and crisps at random times. Always relied on takeaway meals? Unfortunately, we are denied this convenience during our state of lockdown as takeaway restaurants will be closed and delivery services will not be operating. Now is the time to get creative with what you have on hand. Search for new recipes to try and get the children involved as you prepare a meal from scratch. We are realistic and we know that is easier said than done – especially if your circumstances never allowed for home cooking. Our nutritional experts put together a list of store-bought ready-made meals that are not completely unhealthy – these options might still be available in supermarkets. Or why not use the time to recreate your favourite takeaway treat – but make it healthy? Here are some tips: No idea where to begin? Food24’s guide to healthy recipes is a great way to start. If you tend to stress-eat or eat while your mind is somewhere else, you might find yourself scoffing down food without fully enjoying it. If this is you, these seven tips on eating mindfully is crucial during this time. It’s important to set time aside for eating and to fully enjoy your food without distractions. If you have any nutritional needs during this time, our experts at Nutritional Solutions are consulting online, should you require the help of a registered dietitian. Image credit: iStock Marelize Wilke    https://www.health24.com/Diet-and-nutrition/News/5-tips-for-eating-healthier-during-the-coronavirus-lockdown-20200327