Aries
(Mar 20 - Apr 19) Self:
Taking time to think is not a waste of time but might be your saving grace. You
need to slow down. Home:
Re-connecting with the people you love isn’t only for your sake but also for
theirs. Time is precious. Money:
You’re obsessed with ways to make more and more and more. Is money the be all
and end all?  Taurus
(Apr 20 - May 20) Love:
Yesterday there was a fleeting spark with a complete stranger; are you going to
act on it? Self:
It is unlike you to be in the mood to take a risk but why not. You cannot play
it safe every moment of life! Luck:
Measure the odds. As long as you have some spare cash it should be okay to spin
the wheel.  Gemini
(May 21 - Jun 20) Health:
Your energy levels soar and it might be a great idea to complete outstanding
chores or go for a long walk. Mind:
Don’t allow your mind to wander, your thoughts need discipline and focus. Work:
Occasionally inventiveness is rewarded but this week you’ll gain more from
staying with the formula.  Cancer
(Jun 21 - Jul 22) Love:
You’ve had your eye on somebody for a while and the moment of truth is drawing
nigh. Romance:
What have you got to lose except the possibility of being refused at first?
Take a chance on love. Self:
Perseverance means that you won’t give up after the first round.  Leo
(Jul 23 - Aug 22) Money:
Your close family might be willing to help if you’ve really got yourself stuck
in a corner. Life:
Pride has been the downfall of many great men and women, be careful of the
trap. Self:
Build a deeper bond with family members; allow them to see your vulnerabilities
and fears.  Virgo
(Aug 23 - Sep 22) Self:
Your emotions are the key to your happiness and it’s good to discuss your
deeper feelings. Friends:
A chance meeting with an old friend brings back some good memories. Love:
Single Virgos have the opportunity of making an impression on somebody new. Wear
the new outfit!  Libra
(Sep 23 - Oct 22) Mind:
Decisions, decisions. Unfortunately you can’t have both choices; it’s one or
the other; and it is final. Love:
If you need a diversion from seriousness, your lover can certainly lighten the
mood with some humour today. Self:
Life takes a turn from being quiet and self-contained to being busy, busy,
busy.  Scorpio
(Oct 23 - Nov 21) Family:
You’ll be asked to take the lead and you have no choice because nobody else can
do it. Life:
It isn’t about being brave, it is about being willing to take up the
responsibility that is yours. Self:
Have faith in your own abilities; you are capable of more than you realise.  Sagittarius
(Nov 22 - Dec 21) Life:
If everybody had the same point of view, life would become rather boring and
pointless. Self:
You can make an attempt to say the right thing or maybe you can just be honest
about your feelings. Mind:
Sometimes the harsh words need to be spoken to open doors to new ways of
thinking.  Capricorn
(Dec 22 - Jan 20) Life:
Don’t try to avoid paying your fair share of the bill. That’s not right and you
know it! Self:
Nothing in life is good if it is taken too seriously. Make a point of having
some fun on the weekend. Health:
Be more careful about your health. Instead of being driven by impulse or habit,
find new ways to strengthen your immune system.  Aquarius
(Jan 21 - Feb 18) Life:
It’s a bit odd to for you to follow only your heart but for some reason logic
has fallen by the way-side. Love:
Romance has more than one possibility. Which road to happiness are you going to
choose? Friends:
Don’t rely on advice from an outsider when you know your own mind.  Pisces
(Feb 19 - Mar 19) Life:
Remember that half the fun of life is that you’re not supposed to know all the
answers! Mind:
You are focussing on the smaller details when what you should be doing is
looking at the overall progress. Self:
Useful new information arises slowly in legal and inheritance matters or a
partner’s earnings.