 Eastern
Cape premier Oscar Mabuyane, lawyer advocate Tembeka Ngcukaitobi and King
Buyelekhaya Dalindyebo’s lawyer advocate Dali Mpofu lashed out at Azenathi
Dalindyebo. They
described his decision to challenge his removal as a plan to assault the King
stating that Azenathi is wasting the court's time. "A
court has to send a strong message to people who want to waste court time, to
assault the King". "The
King is older than Azenathi and that should be discouraged" advocate Dali
Mpofu told the Mthatha high court. "The
first applicant should be kicked out of this case". "If
the applicant wants his bread, he must go to the Labour Court or the premier's
office not here in Court". Advocate
Mpofu further blamed Amadlomo Council chaired by Thandisizwe Mtirara for taking
this matter in court. " I am
not criticising what called a Council chaired by Thandisizwe Mtirara but I am
criticising their decision to waste court time". Mpofu described
the case as a platform for Azenathi to insult what he called his father. Advocate
Ngcukaitobi also urged the court to dismiss the case and with costs. "The
Court should dismiss this case and the applicant should pay the court costs
from his pocket not by a state". Azenathi
Dalindyebo’s representative advocate Akhona Bodlani claimed that Azenathi was
never given notice before his acting responsibilities were terminated by the
Eastern Cape premier. Advocate
Bodlani said Azenathi argument is very easy and is that the premier must also
hear, and listen to Azenathi's side first before terminating his acting
responsibilities. "The
matter here is how the review process was conducted by the premier to remove
Azenathi". Advocate
Bodlani told the court that he is very disappointed in how the court conducted
the process. Bodlani
also questioned minister of local governance and traditional affairs Xolile
Nqatha’s decision to take Azenathi's Kingship vehicle. "When
his duties were terminated also his vehicle was taken away by the government,
they demanded the keys by force" Immediately
after that advocate Lulama Ngcukaithobi stood up and made it clear that
"There is no thief in this court". Ngcukaithobi
said the central problem in this is caused by a conflict within those called
AbaThembu royal family division. Azenathi
claimed that he was not notified by the premier's decision to dethrone him. The
AbaThembu Kingdom court judgment is expected on the 23 July 2020. 