Justice Minister Ronald Lamola says the government had been
reluctant to criminalise the non-compliance of wearing masks, but has been left
with no choice due to people's irresponsible behaviour. When the country was first placed under lockdown, the government encouraged the
wearing of masks, but it would now be enforced as part of measures to slow the
spread of Covid-19. But Lamola added the obligation
had been placed on the shoulders of compliance officers of public buildings,
and not on individuals. He made the comments at a media briefing on Monday, following President Cyril
Ramaphosa's address to the nation on Sunday evening. Ramaphosa announced numerous interventions in
the face of rising Covid-19 cases in the country. The sale of alcohol was banned -
again - and a night time curfew was reinstated. The wearing of masks is now
mandatory. Taxis operating at local level are allowed to ferry 100% commuters,
while long-distance taxis have to adhere to a 70% restriction. "At this stage, it's
compulsory, but the obligation and duty have been put on the store managers,
building owners and those responsible for various places that members of the
public congregate or find themselves in," said Lamola. This means those in charge of buildings, at
workplaces, churches, or even responsible for organising funerals, would assume
responsibility for ensuring everyone wore a mask. "It's a decision not taken lightly, but
necessitated by various misdemeanours found that even people in shops defy that
they can't wear a mask and there is nothing that the shop owner can do because
it is not the law," he said. He added there had been instances in the country
where people have been irresponsible by refusing to wear masks, saying it made
it difficult for others and law enforcement officials to enforce. Lamola said they were still dealing with some
aspects of this development at the moment, but there was no difference between
a fine and imprisonment as they both culminated in a criminal offence. "It must be embarrassing to move around
without wearing a mask; it must be cool to move with a mask."  https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/decision-to-criminalise-the-non-wearing-of-masks-not-an-easy-one-lamola-20200713 