THE elections drama at the South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) has taken a new twist. Sascoc’s ongoing elections battle is like a game of chess. It’s all about making your best move as candidates are acquiring the services of the best lawyers in the country to fight each other. Suspended Sascoc acting President Barry Hendricks was cleared of conspiracy through arbitration this week. This means Tennis SA (TSA) board member Ntambi Ravele is ineligible to contest the election, but if her wishes to run for office are not granted, she will take Sascoc to the cleaners. The Sascoc elections were supposed to be held on 30 March, but the fights, dirty tricks, public spats, back-stabbing and investigations have stalled the whole process. Ravele will take Sascoc to the highest court in the land if she is not reinstated. The veteran sports administrator has written a letter to Sascoc to voice her concerns over the whole arbitration process. “I sent a letter to Sascoc and am waiting for their reply. This matter is far from over. If my letter is not correctly answered, it could land on the hands of the minister again,” warned Ravele. But Hendricks won’t be reinstated to his original position, as he still faces a misconduct charge laid by Sascoc.He responded by writing a letter to them to reinstate him or he would seek legal actions. Ravele took her TSA president Gavin Crookes and Hendricks to arbitration for allegedly blocking her Sascoc presidential nominations in February. The conspiracy couldn’t be proven, hence Hendricks has been cleared of the allegations. But Ravele won’t fold her arms on the whole situation. The confusion is going on and on with Hendricks saying that he should be reinstated as Sascoc’s acting vice-president, even though he is facing an internal disciplinary hearing. Hendricks is conflicted in the whole saga, while Athletics SA president Aleck Skhosana, who replaced him at Sascoc, is staying in his position. Sascoc CEO Ravi Govender told SunSport the SA Olympics body would only comment once they are done with their internal process against Hendricks. Said Govender: “We still have an internal investigation of our own against Mr Hendricks that has nothing to do with his arbitration.” Hendricks said he’d been through his worst moment and is happy to have been cleared. “I have intentions to return to work and have written to Sascoc about this. But I’m told I’m still under investigation,” said Hendricks. “What I know is that my suspension is officially lifted.”