THE Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa has
introduced limited passenger rail services as from Wednesday. PRASA spokesman Makhosini Mgitywa said trains resumed
on a limited services. The train operation was suspended in March when the
stage 5 national lockdown regulations was introduced because of the Covid-19
pandemic. "As PRASA we will strictly adhere to the Covid-19
hygiene protocols which include social distancing on platforms and  inside
trains. "The wearing of face masks covering the mouth and
nose will also be strictly enforced." He said in terms of operationally, PRASA will
gradually introduce a limited service national. Mgitywa said in Gauteng operation between
Piennarspoort and Pretoria Station the morning peak service will be between 5am
- 9am while in the afternoon peak service will be between 3pm - 7pm. However in the Western Cape operations between Cape
Town and Retreat Station during morning peak service will be between 5am - 9am,
in  afternoon peak period will be between 3pm - 7pm. According to Mgitywa the Eastern Cape will operate the
East London and Port Elizabeth lines. During morning peak will be between 5am - 8am while
 afternoon peak will be between 3:30pm - 6:40pm. "We are encouraging commuters to arrive at their
stations earlier than usual to accommodate for time for screening and hand
sanitisation on the premises. "No informal traders will be allowed to
operate outside the station gate,  inside the station, on the platforms
and inside the trains." He said there will be no eating or drinking allowed
inside the stations and trains. "Commuters who are exhibiting symptoms associated
with Covid-19 will not be allowed inside the stations and  will be
provided with a holding facility where health authorities will attend to
them," he said. Mgitywa said commuters are urged not to travel if they
are not feeling well they should stay at home and seek medical advice. He said PRASA will deep clean all its operational
trains as well as high-volume areas in the stations on continuous basis. The PRASA spokesman said they are encouraging
commuters to observe the one seat social distance markers inside the train and
the social  distance markings next to the ticket office and at the
platforms at all times.