Actress, Enhle Mbali has tested positive for Covid-19. The seasoned actress took to Instagram to share her status and her life in general in the past three years."The last 3 years have been testing. Emotionally, physically and mentally. I have been through so many life changes and I’m greatful as the universe continues to show me my greatness, even when it was being viciously striped away from me, and none existent finish lines were being drawn on the ground and removed just before I reach them, the spirit of hopelessness would knock at my door reminding me of my unhappiness," part of the post read.The Isibaya actress also wrote about how people have been mistreating her. "People lie in your names sake. They will cheat, mistreat you, allow others to mistreat you only because you give them permission. I also tested positive for covid as careful as I am. They even make fun of me on set," she continued.Enhle said she's re-introducing '20-year-old Mbali""Yesterday was the worst days, I was pretty sure my chest would give in, I gave myself permission to heal and also to ask for help. In that I got so much revelation to my third and final cleansing in my 30s allow me to introduce you to Enhle Mbali the girl I left and forget in her 20s, boo where have you been. Feels great?? let’s get it," said Enhle.Enhle is the second Isibaya actor to test positive for Covid-19. Abdul Khoza, who plays as Qaphela, also tested positive. He announced it on over the weekend. Also read: DJ SHIMZA TO MAKE HISTORY WITH LIVE STREAM! The last 3 years have been testing. Emotionally, physically and mentally. I have been through so many life changes and I’m greatfull as the universe continues to show me my greatness , even when it was being viciously striped away from me, and none existent finish lines were being drawn on the ground and removed just before I reach them, the spirit of hopelessness would knock at my door reminding me of my unhappiness. I had to have some real conversations with myself aon how ,why, I was forgetting me. I found the answers and when I did life began, 2020 was that year for me . People will loose it but this is my best year. Was listening to Jader and understood for the first time how we allow people to treat us the way they do, I have always known I am not a victim and don’t act the part,but now more than ever I understand no one else gives permission but yourself. People lie in your names sake. They will cheat, mistreat you , allow others to mistreat you only because you give them permission. I also tested positive for covid as careful as I am . They even make fun of me on set. Yesterday was the worst days, I was pretty sure my chest would give in , I gave myself permission to heal and also to ask for help . In that I got so much revelation to my third and final cleansing in my 30s allow me to introduce you to Enhle Mbali the girl I left and forget in her 20s , boo where have you been. Feels great?? let’s get it. #EMPRESSENHLE??????????????????????????????????. Sincerely yours Enhle Mbali Mlotshwa A post shared by  Enhle Mbali Mlotshwa (@enhlembali_) on Jul 14, 2020 at 4:09am PDT 