THE mother had left her little baby girl to look for tins she could use to lift their bed higher. But Mamoeletsi Selele (37) from Caleb Motshabi in Mangaung heard her baby cry on Wednesday afternoon and ran back to the shack, where she had left her baby and three other kids aged five, nine and 12. The shack had caught the fire and the older kids had ran outside. The brave mum entered the shack filled with smoke and looked for her baby, Oratilwe. She safely rescued her. The shack was destroyed by the fire and the family is left with nothing. But Mamoeletsi said she was relieved that she did not lose any of her kids. “I had just put a pot of soft porridge on the parrafin stove when I left my three kids in the shack. I was going to look for big tins to lift my bed. The illegal dumping site is just across the street and I knew I would not take a long time. While searching for tins, I heard my baby crying and I quickly went to see what was the problem. My other kids had already ran outside and when I got in the shack I was welcomed by a lot of smoke. I felt dizzy because of the smoke but I didn’t want to get out without my baby. I managed to get to her and ran outside. I’m glad we are alive. The residents tried to put out the fire but it was very strong. By the time fire fighters put out the flames, the parrafin stove was still on its feet and the porridge pot still on top of it. The residents were amazed that my baby survived and they now call her a miracle baby. We’ve lost everything in the fire but I’m grateful that God spared our lives,” Mamoeletsi told SunBuzz. The family is now using a neglected shack nearby as their temporary home. “The owner of the shack left after he got a job outside Bloemfontein. We need clothes, blankets and food. We’ll appreciate any help,” said the unemployed mum. Ward councillor Johannes Majara said he had heard about the family crisis. “As soon as I get back in Bloemfontein from Botshabelo, I will visit the family to see how they could be helped,” said Majara.