Vivacious model, actress and masters student Qiniso Van Damme
has been chosen as The Bachelorette South Africa. At the
same time, entries opened for all the guys keen on sweeping her off her pretty
high heels and winning her heart in the first local season of the global
reality hit show. “Qiniso has
been a fan favourite right from the start and we know for sure that she will
ignite all the passion and excitement that The Bachelorette franchise
is renowned for worldwide,” says M-Net’s Head of Publicity, Lani Lombard. “Our
Queen Qiniso is quirky, sassy, sexy, smart, bold, bubbly, kind, confident,
dynamic, in touch with her emotions and true to herself – the type of woman
that a diverse range of successful men would find irresistible. And the timing
couldn't be better. She has reached a point in her life where she is looking
for someone to settle down with,”. said Lombard But, who
will set Qiniso’s heart aflutter? And, what type of guy should enter? “I’m still
single, so clearly I haven’t found that guy,” M-Net’s first Bachelorette
admits. “I’m really open to meeting all kinds of handsome hunks with beautiful
personalities who think I might be their gal. I want someone who isn’t afraid
to be themselves, is a citizen of the world, proud to be South African and
willing to grow with me. If he can make me laugh, he will definitely score some
extra points. And being tall would be a bonus. But c’mon guys, surprise me.
Don’t be afraid, as long as you’re caring, kind and honest and think we’re a
potential match, I want to meet you and get to know you,”. Before she
entered The Bachelor SA, Qiniso had made a name for herself as a
sought-after model who has featured in several big-brand advertising campaigns.
What many people don’t know about the bubbly millennial is that she is also
quite the intellectual. She is currently completing her MA in Social
Anthropology at the University of Cape Town. Having being born to a Belgian
father and a South African mother, Qiniso is a globe-trotter who loves new
adventures. Some other interesting facts about her: She was named one of
Cosmopolitan magazine’s Next African Female Leaders; she is fluent in four languages
– English, isiZulu, isiSwati and IsiXhosa – has a good grasp of
conversational Spanish and she is learning Afrikaans; her guilty pleasure is
Cinnabon; and the most important thing in her life is her family. Guys who
want to enter The Bachelorette SA should go to the M-Net website to
complete the short entry form. To be part of the show, you have to be over 21
and a South African citizen, or have permanent residency. Entries will
close on 08 August 2020 at 23:59. M-Net is planning to have The Bachelorette SA Season
1 on its schedule early next year, with filming taking place as soon as
possible in 2020.