Lawyers are reporting an increase in divorce applications
now that the lockdown regulations have lifted somewhat and it's easier to
apply.  Parent24 spoke to Shando Theron, a senior partner at Theron
Inc, specialist divorce and matrimonial attorneys in Johannesburg, to find out
more about why this is and how the lockdown has impacted families across South
Africa. Theron tells us that he is often asked about the main cause
of divorce. His response is: "Marriage". On a more serious note, he says he has found that in a
relationship, there are spoken and unspoken rules "Over time, as people change and grow, often the
unspoken rules - and sometimes even the spoken rules - change," he
explains. If both parties fail to recognise and acknowledge these
changes, he says, this will inevitably lead to each of the parties becoming
isolated and feeling that their physical and emotional needs are not being met. Accelerated issues This separation and the feeling of "drifting
apart" often leads to unhappiness and a breach of trust by one of the
parties. He told Parent24 that the questions he is asked most often
these days are: "Has the divorce rate spiked during the lockdown?"
and, "What are the reasons for divorce during this time?" "What I have experienced in my practice is that the
present conditions have accelerated issues that were already putting stress on
a relationship," Theron reveals. "For instance, in practical terms, as people are
spending more time under the same roof, one partner may notice how much time
their partner is spending on social media and upon further investigation, may
confirm their suspicions about the illicit nature of the communication,"
he says. Theron has seen a marked increase in first consultations -
when people want to consider their options about whether or not they should
proceed with a divorce - based on the kind of scenario above. Put in the work Divorce, like marriage, is not something to be entered into
lightly. If the trust has been broken, it can be repaired, provided both
parties are willing to put in the work. "However, I have found that should one of the parties
have lost their respect for the other party, then generally, neither trust nor
love comes back," Theron warns. Covid-19 has caused many of us to rethink our lives and
priorities, but out of uncertain times often comes learning, and this is as
good a time as ever to re-evaluate your relationship, identify its weaknesses,
and work on strengthening it. "You did not get married to get divorced," Theron
says, "so before you decide to pack it in, why not give it another go and
seek the requisite help if needed?"      https://www.parent24.com/family/date-night/a-local-divorce-lawyer-shares-his-experience-of-the-covid-19-lockdown-20200708?_sp=6fadb28e-5cfb-4d13-9d0c-cf0913779e19.1594234292613