THE festive Games are commonly known for dishing out the best of iDiski Yase Kasi, South Africa’s football. Not only that, but they also give coaches from the highest level a chance to scout unearths raw talent. As we have seen, many players came from the dusty street football to Absa Premiership and First Division Clubs. But lately, we have seen them failing to keep up with the PSL standards due to many reasons. One of the challenges that always come up about such players has always been discipline, how they behave of the field. We have seen with so many of them, off the field scandals seeing their professional football career-ending premature.However, some of them like seem to not have the LUCK as the have everything football and discipline like former Chippa United star midfielder Linda Shiba. Here SunSport takes a look at some of the best players who have come from the Kasi games to Absa premiership clubs as well as First Division but struggle to reach their pinnacle at the professional level. Kasi Games, have given South Africa football stars such as Tshepo ”Skhwama” Matete, Sipho ”Sgobe” Moeti, Tumelo ”Maleven” Mogale (all played for Baroka FC), Linda ”Tsiki” Shiba (Chippa United), Jose Garcia (Highlands Park) to mention few. All these talented players got their fair chance of playing in the Absa Premiership, but they could not make it big. Legendary dribbling wizard who had all the Kasi flavour, flair in him and still made it, Mlungisi Professor Ngubane says clubs change these players from what they saw to what they want them to be and it does not work out in most cases. “Transformation from playing ekasi to professional setup is not an easy one,” Ngubane said. “The teams try to change these players and that discourage them, makes them feel like they do not know football. "Even coaches also play a part in killing their confidence by saying Kasi football is mickey mouse football forgetting what they saw from him the first time they spotted the player. “These players need to be given time, look at the likes of (Fortune) Makaringe and (Themba) Zwane, they were given time and look at them now." Let these players do what they know the best no change them you will get the best out of them. Ngubane has also advised players saying they also need to cooperate, not think they are the best thing to ever happened. “Players also need to help themselves change their mentality. They must not have the Kasi mentality and think they know it all.”