THE community of Alexandra could lose the Rotary Sports Grounds that has brought a lot of great memories in their lives for many decades. The dusty fields have been earmarked for a housing project that will temporary accommodate residents of Madala Hostel while the building is being renovated. However, Alexandra Rotary Football Association chairman Mduduzi Mahlambi is concerned that the project will leave their affiliated teams without a venue to play their matches. He stressed that allowing the Department of Human Settlements to erect containers on the fields will kill dreams of many aspiring footballers who want to play in the PSL. Kaizer Chiefs striker Lebogang Manyama, Mpho Makola of Cape Town City and Joseph Molangoane, who recently left Amakhosi, are among many players unearthed at the Rotary Ground. Mahlambi told SunSport that they had a series of meetings with ward councillor Sannie Mavhona without finding any solution. He went on: “The councillor said they have no other alternative space to build than Rotary grounds. Our concern is that they didn’t give us an alternative venue. “They also failed to give us a time frame as to when will they finish the renovations. “What if they don’t finish the project? That’s why we want this matter to be put in writing.” Mahlambi said their teams will also perish if the venue is closed. “We have 30 teams plus 16 Masters clubs and women teams that also use this venue. “Kids around here also use the field to entertain themselves, so where are they going to play if houses are built here? “If we grant them permission without having a solution, this means we will kill our football and dreams of many youngsters who use this ground hoping one day scouts will notice their talent and take them to the PSL.” Mahlambi insists that the project won’t start unless the human settlements department finds them an alternative venue. “During the second meeting they told us that we can utilise one field while they build on the other,” added Mahlambi. “They also suggested we play our matches at the 3 Square pitch and San Kopano Stadium, but they will discuss the issue first with the Local Football Association. “If they can’t get the solution then they should take containers and put them at alternative grounds they suggested. We are not fighting the renovation process as we have also noticed the hostel is not in good condition. The residents also support us as we play behind the hostel” Former Bafana Bafana midfielder Maimane Phiri is also worried that closing the venue will also affect the popular MAP tournament scheduled for October and November. “This issue affects us as well because we host MAP Games at Rotary. We want the hostel residents to stay comfortable, but this is the main field we use to host the tournament. We have up-and-coming youngsters who always look forward to the MAP Games every year. Even the hostel community benefit financially as they sell food during the tournament to feed their families.” Mavhona was not available for comment at the time of going to print.