AUTHOR JK Rowling once famously said “hitting rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I built my life”. This is true about relationships when they take a turn for the worst. And the worst thing a long-term relationship like a marriage can go through is a divorce. Not only does it hurt emotionally, it also hurts financially as most divorcees have to scale their lifestyles down after separation. Some of them move into smaller homes, tone down their spending habits and have to learn how to survive with one salary as opposed to the two they were used to. According to family and divorce lawyer Bertus Preller, there were25 284 divorce forms completed in Mzansi in 2018. In one of the articles shared in his website about rebuilding your finances after divorce, he stated: “Divorce brings major change to nearly every aspect of your life, including your financial stability and future goals. “Without a doubt, your life will be different. But adapting to and even accepting the changes will help you get back on your feet quicker and more successfully. “You’ll now be fully in control of your own financial portfolio, which involves keeping a careful eye on your income and expenses, paying your own accounts, saving for university, if you have children, and planning for the savings and investments you’ll need to enable you to succeed.” SunBuzz spoke to two divorcees about how they coped following their legal separation. Actor and author Sipho Mbele said his divorce was hard because he owned a company with his ex-wife. Explained Sipho: “It was difficult. We stayed in a big house and I had to move to a smaller place. “I had to adjust my budget and give up on certain things, like luxurious cars and exorbitant lifestyle. “Also, the kids were used to a certain lifestyle. All that changed when we divorced. What made it worse was I owned a company with my ex-wife. “We’re both directors of the company and it wasn’t easy, especially financially.” Sipho said writing became his coping mechanism. He’s now the published author of the book, Take It From Me: A Man’s Perspective. “Some people, however, drink and others become reckless,” he said. “For me, I buried my head in reading and writing. I went to church most of the time and spent time alone, trying to figure things out. “This is something I wouldn’t wish on anyone. It was horrible.” Kekeletso Mokoena said her family was her financial and emotional support system after her divorce. Insisted Kekeletso: “This is something I never thought I’d go through, but when it happened I knew I had to tone down on my expenses. “So, when my husband and I divorced I moved back home. For me, besides the fact that I didn’t have two salaries that would maintain my lifestyle anymore, it was also because I needed emotional support from my family. “So, the only thing I did after my divorce was to move from the house that my ex-husband and I were staying in to my parents’ house. “Although divorce was a horrible experience, it wasn’t that bad because I was with my family and they supported me both financially and emotionally.” Bertus Preller shares the following financial tips for divorcees