SINCE Covid-19 started spreading in Mzansi, there has been a lot of changes that people have had to adjust to. There are new, safer ways to do things. But some people still find themselves confused about some of the new regulations.One example is funeral proceedings, especially for people who die from coronavirus. Resident Thabani Mkhize (34) said the strict measures put in place for the burials of Covid-19 positive people are harsh, especially as most people want to hold night vigils before burying a loved one. He said when a family member dies, it’s a very hard and emotional period. So on the day of the funeral, family and friends get an opportunity to see and say their final goodbyes. But due to the strict Covid-19 regulations, that can’t be done. “I think the government should ease the regulations a bit. As South Africans it’s not easy to hold a short funeral service. A lot of people are dying and eventually not everyone will be adhering to these regulations,” he said. Another resident, who asked not to be named, said they’ve been told that coffins must be covered with a plastic wrap and they’ve seen that happening at funerals of ordinary residents but not with the well-known people who are in top positions in government. “Also they are not taken from the mortuary and straight to the cemetery. So that’s why we find ourselves confused,” said the resident.Another resident said the ANC spokesman, Ricardo Mthembu’s coffin wasn’t wrapped with plastic. He died of Covid-19 complications recently. “That left a lot of us shocked because we understand that everyone must adhere to the regulations. This showed that those who are in top positions don’t comply with the regulations,” said the resident. Mthembu’s family spokesman Khanyisani Shandu said: “The body was wrapped with plastic and put into five body bags before it was put into the coffin.”He said even Mthembu’s children didn’t get a chance to see their father. According to the guidelines by the National Institute for Communicable Diseases together with the Department of Health, the body of a person who died of a confirmed Covid-19 should be cremated. Where cremation is not possible, the body shall be placed in a leak proof triple body bag. The first two bags shall be transparent and sealed, while the third one shall be non-transparent and unsealed.Under no circumstances shall the human remains be directly handled, whether for aesthetic, hygiene preparations, cultural or religious reasons. The human remains may not be embalmed or viewed by breaking the seals of first two bags but by opening the third bag. In all cases, the remains should not be kept in households for a vigil or any purpose but be kept in designated health facility mortuary premises and directly transported from designated health facility mortuary straight to the place of burial or cremation or the home on the day of burial/cremation.