Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) members from across the Eastern Cape took to the streets of Mthatha on Friday marching against alleged fraud and corruption in the OR Tambo District municipality. The march started at Mthatha CBD to OR Tambo district municipality head office's in Savoy. The march follows after allegations of more   than R170 million which was paid to companies that did not done any job and an over R3 million which was allegedly looted from the COVID19 door to door awareness campaign. The EFF is calling on MEC of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs, Xolile Nqatha to immediately suspend all officials who are implicated and fire the suspended municipal manager Owen Hlazo. Addressing the EFF members outside the municipal offices, the provincial chairperson Yazini Tetyana urged to COGTA to make sure all those he called "thieves" must immediately vacate their offices. " We don't have honorable's leaders we only have thieves, people who are taking poor people money and we are not going to submit the memorandum to them instead we'll give it to COPTA".  Mlamli Makhetha who is the EFF provincial secretary told reporters that they already visited water site in Mqanduli and no job have been done. Makhetha said the Council were not aware of the over R3 million which was paid to the companies that conducted door to door campaigns. He said as EFF are demanding that both the R170 million and the over R3 Million must be investigated equally. EFF handed the memorandum to COGTA and they give them 30 working days to respond to the memorandum The memorandum was received by COGTA officials deputy director Makhosi Gogwana and  district   co-ordinator Lily Notyalwa  at the OR Tambo region.Meanwhile OR Tambo municipality mayor Thokozile Sokhanyile told media that as municipality they welcome the ongoing investigation by Eastern Cape Hawks which started a week ago. Last weekend hawks raided the municipality offices and private homes of those implicated and they confiscated computers and Cellphone's.