SO confident is Highlands Park striker Peter Shalulile that the Absa Premiership will resume at the weekend that he has set himself a target of 18 goals and win the Lesley Manyathela Golden Boot. The PSL suspended the season in March due to the outbreak of coronavirus. But despite all the infighting between the PSL and SA Football Association (Safa) that has delayed the restart of the Premiership and GladAfrica Championship, Shalulile is optimistic that clubs will get the green light for a restart date after today’s PSL Board of Governors (BoG) meeting. The Highlands striker is hoping to slot in six more goals in the Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba’s remaining six league fixtures to bring his Premiership tally for the season to 18. The Namibian international was in fine form before the season was suspended in March. So far Shalulile has netted 12 goals equal with Bradley Grobler (SuperSport United) and Bongi Ntuli (AmaZulu), but two less than current leading scorer and Orlando Pirates striker Gabadinho Mhango. “It is every striker’s dream to complete the season as leading scorer,” said Shalulile. “My aim is to score 18 goals this season. If I can reach that target I will say I had a good season. Let’s see if 18 goals will be enough or I can go more than that target. I aim to work hard for the team.” The 27-year-old star who has been linked with moves to Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns says he is happy at Highlands. “I am having the time of my life at Highlands, under coach Owen Da Gama,“ said Shalulile. “I am not thinking about anything except to help my team. I am hoping I can continue with the good form that I have had before Covid-19 happened.” Shalulile also stated he also aims to help the Tembisa-based side finish the season within the top eight bracket. Highlands are currently eighth on the log with 31 points. And Shalulile knows that it won’t be easy as teams that are below them are also fighting for a MTN8 spot next season. “It won’t be easy as all teams are fighting for their goals,” he explained. “Some teams are fighting for the league title, some relegation and some top eight. But we will be ready when the league resumes as we cannot afford to fail to qualify for the top eight.” Shalulile said it is good to be back at training with the rest of his teammates after spending almost three months training on his own, with each player working from home alone. “We can’t wait for the season to resume,” said the Windhoek born player. “It is good to be back at training and we are working hard to be fit. The excitement of playing again is fantastic. It was not easy to work from home alone but we understood as the situation was beyond our control.”