THE sale of Bidvest Wits has not only left coach Gavin Hunt, general manager George Mogotsi unemployed and players frustrated about their future, but experienced stadium security official Rodgers Chonco has been left jobless too. The suspension of football in South Africa due to the Covid-19 outbreak in March left stadium security personnel without an income in the last three months, and there’s still no sign when football will return. On Saturday, the SA Football Association (Safa) and Fifa accredited referee, Victor Hlungwani donated food parcels to the impoverished security guards in Diepkloof, Soweto. Among them was Chonco who has been a security official at football stadiums for more than 20 years. He said the sale of Wits has made things worse for him. “Life has been tough for us without football,” said the 65-year-old. “Indications are that life would still be the same when football returns because there are no guarantees, except that we will be jobless. “There will be no fans at the venues which means no job for us. What makes things worse for me is that I was working at the Bidvest Stadium in Milpark under the Bidvest Group that sponsored the club.” He continued: “Now with news that the team has been sold, it is another headache for me, and at my age (65) I cannot say I will look for another job somewhere. I don’t know what will happen now. I have been working here for a very long time.” Chonco appreciates Hlungwani for not forgetting them during these tough times. He heaped praise on Hlungwani: “We are really grateful for what Victor has done for us. He knows and understands our struggle. He knows most of us were only getting paid by being at the stadium. “Thanks to him and his partners who are part of this initiative, what we got from them will go along way.” Hlungwani said what made him to come up with this initiative to help the needy to security personnel stems from an article he read where one of the securities poured his heart out. “The title of that article was ‘Without football I’m nothing, coronavirus has crippled my life’,” that statement really touched his heart. “I immediately started engaging with my group called Phushi Passion to say let us do something for our security personnel and they embraced the idea and started contributing. “Today we were able to give them something to cheer about. We wanted to do more but when you rely on donations then the little that you can get will make you happy.” Hlungwani works for Rand Water as a water quality facilitator and has been engaged in helping the needy since Covid-19 started.