The South African
National Editors’ Forum (SANEF) is launching a relief fund for journalists who
have lost their livelihoods as a direct result of the COVID-19 national
disaster. The Social
Justice Initiative (SJI) is acting as a fiscal host for the fund and will be
playing an oversight role to ensure that all funds are fairly and transparently
distributed. SANEF
chairperson Mahlatse Mahlase said: “In making the announcement today, we want
to express our warm gratitude to MTN SA for their contribution of R500 000 to start
the fund and for their further commitment to lobby other corporates to
contribute”. To process
the applications, SANEF has set up a team that includes media stalwarts
Mathatha Tsedu and Joe Thloloe, Wandile Fana from the Association of
Independent Publishers (AIP), and Melody Emmett from the freelancers’
association (SAFREA). Anlo
Financial Solutions, a financial services company will assist with processing. Executive
Corporate Affairs at MTN South Africa, Jacqui O’Sullivan, said all South
Africans owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to the reporters and editors who
have braved harsh conditions every day to provide invaluable information that
is helping save lives. “In MTN’s
view, it is now imperative that the private sector steps in to offer financial
assistance to ensure quality reporting standards can be maintained across
digital, broadcast, and print media platforms. “To ensure
communication channels remain open and the public gets the information it can
trust, MTN is proud to partner with SANEF to begin offering financial support
and aid through a targeted relief fund for journalists.” However,
she added that this is just the first step and “far more” needs to be done,
which is why MTN is encouraging all large corporates, companies in supply
chains, clients, and individuals who can, to step up and help by contributing
to this fund. The purpose
of the funding is to assist those in dire need with a small donation to
purchase necessities like food and clothing. Only freelance, contract or
permanently employed journalists who have been retrenched or had their
contracts cancelled since the implementation of the national lockdown on 26
March 2020, will be eligible to apply. This
announcement fulfills the promise we made to establish a fund – a promise we made
when we launched our “COVID19 Impact on Journalism” Report in June 2020. The report
points to the devastation that COVID has wreaked on the industry – particularly
the print media with the closure of two magazine publishers and 80 small print
publications operating across the country, leading to the loss of over 700
journalist jobs. The report
pointed to the fact that freelancers had been particularly badly impacted and
that 60% of their members had lost almost 70% of their income – and that some
had lost 80% to 100%.