THE coronavirus outbreak has denied Mzansi’s fast rising junior bantamweight star Ricardo “Magic Man” Malajika an opportunity to shine on his international debut. The youngster was expected to pull out all the stops against vastly experienced Filipino Jonas Sultan, but their bout was aborted. The Golden Gloves event, on which they were billed, was cancelled a week before it was due to take place along with four other tournaments sanctioned by Boxing South Africa due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Malajika and the well-travelled Sultan were scheduled to square up against each other for the International Boxing Federation (IBF) Intercontinental junior bantamweight belt. This would have been Malajika’s biggest outing to date. However, the former amateur star is hoping another big opportunity will come knocking on his door once the Covid-19 has been contained. “This was an opportunity I have been praying for since I started boxing. I was elated to get a shot at the IBF title. It’s every boxer’s dream to fight for one of the four major sanctioning bodies,” said Malajika. “The coronavirus outbreak has taken that opportunity away (this time), but not for good though. I’m hoping and praying to get it once everything has settled. My job is to be ready every time a fight opportunity arrives,” he said. Local boxing pundits criticised the unbeaten prospect’s camp for agreeing to lock horns with a seasoned campaigner such as Sultan. They believed he was being thrown into the deep end too soon. However, the brave 21-year-old boxing sensation saw nothing wrong with him being matched with tough opponents. He said in order to be a great fighter, one needs to meet the best. “I have to line them up in order for me to be a champion,” said Malajika. “I cannot say I’m ready for big guns of my division but one thing for sure I’m ready for whoever they put in front of me.” Malajika, the reigning African Boxing Union (ABU) junior bantamweight champion, is yet to taste defeat after six outings. Only one fight went the distance. The talented fighter said he is putting the country in his prayers during this difficult time. “I pray that South Africa conquers this Covid-19 epidemic. God has a cure for everything,” he added.