POLOKWANE City defender Ayanda Nkili is optimistic his side will avoid relegation, come end of season. The lanky player says they will prove in their remaining six matches that finishing within the top five in the Absa Premiership last season was not a fluke. Rise and Shine are third bottom on the league table, tied with AmaZulu and provincial rivals Baroka FC on 23 points. The teams are three points ahead of bottom side Black Leopards. Said Nkili: “We are always confident that we will avoid relegation. We put ourselves in this situation and we will get out of it to retain our PSL status. I have never doubted our ability because we have quality players capable of achieving anything.” The 29-year-old player says they did everything right to swing matches in their favour but lady luck seems to have deserted them. “Last season we finished in fifth position and it was not a fluke because we worked hard for it. Nothing changed this time except that luck was not on our side. There are many games that we lost in a row and it affected us mentally. “We were getting back to winning ways when the season was stopped due to coronavirus. We know what we need to improve when the season resumes.” The former Stellenbosch FC player insists they don’t have any pressure having few matches to play with the axe hovering above their heads. “There is no pressure because it was there in our first match, during game 15 and 20 it was the same, so even match 26 we will take it the same way for 90 minutes with determination.” Nkili says coach Clinton Larsen and other technical staff members have done a lot during lockdown to keep them fit via video sessions. “The technical team has played their role to ensure we understand what we are doing at home. They have meetings twice a day and we give them feedback on what we do. They push us and follow up on everything which shows they are there for us. “They don’t want us to switch off mentally due to a lot of things happening in the country associated with the pandemic.”