WE must prepare to live with the deadly coronavirus for a year
or even more. That’s the warning from President Cyril Ramaphosa in his
weekly newsletter, saying while there was still much about the pandemic that
was unknown, experts now agree that the virus will remain a threat to global
public health for some time. “We must therefore be prepared to continue to live with the
coronavirus among us for a year or even more. We must be prepared for a new
reality in which the fight against COVID-19 becomes part of our daily
existence. “Our success in overcoming the coronavirus will ultimately
be determined by the changes we make in our behaviour. “Even after lockdown – especially after lockdown – we will
still need to observe social distancing, wear face masks, wash hands regularly,
and avoid contact with other people. We will need to re-organise workplaces,
schools, universities, colleges and other public places to limit transmission,”
wrote Ramaphosa. He said people should start adapting to new ways of doing
things, such as worshipping, socialising, exercising and meeting to minimize
the spread of the deadly virus That is a reality that countries across the world are having
to confront. Even in those countries that have started easing their
restrictions, they are doing so tentatively and with extreme caution. As is the case here in Mzansi, many countries were
implementing extensive stimulus packages to strengthen their respective health
care sectors, support ailing industries and workers and provide relief to
vulnerable households. “Like us, they have had to heed calls for economic activity
to resume. Like our citizens, their populations are restive and frustrated with
the curtailment of personal freedoms. “At the same time, health experts around the globe are
warning of a ‘second wave’ of infections as public life resumes. A number of
countries including Germany, Iran and China have seen a rise in new infections
since they relaxed certain restrictions,” he said. Ramaphosa said Mzansi, like many other countries, can and
must expect infections to rise as more people return to work. This is a reality
that people must accept, prepare for it and adapt to it. “The next phase of our national response is as much about
continuity as it is about change or innovation. We will step up our intensive
screening, testing and case management programme. We will introduce new
measures to make contact tracing more effective. We will need to implement mass
sanitisation of workplaces, public transport and other spaces. “Since the nationwide lockdown began, most South Africans
have observed the regulations that are in place for their own health and
safety. They have made an informed decision to do so, understanding it is
necessary for their own lives and for the lives of those around them,” he said. The president said as the restrictions on economic activity
and daily life are eased, it will be important that people maintain that firm
sense of personal responsibility. And everything that people did, in every
sphere of life, they should take care of their health and that of others. He said every individual, organizations and institutions
will continue to carry the responsibility of fighting the pandemic. Ramaphosa said I mposing a nation-wide lockdown gave the
country a strategic advantage and afforded the government valuable time to
prepare the health system and put in place containment measures. This also helped to slow transmission and saved lives. “The transition to the next phase of the coronavirus
response, that of recovery, will be more difficult than the present one. The
risk of infection outbreaks will increase. The demands on our clinics and
hospitals and medical personnel will grow. “That is why easing the lockdown restrictions must not
result in careless behaviour by individuals or reckless practices by businesses
keen to resume activity at the cost of human health,” he said. He added that virus crisis will pass but for as long as it
remained a threat to the lives of people, everybody must remain vigilant,
diligent and responsible. “Now, more than ever, it is upon the conduct of each that depends
the fate of all,” he said.