OVER the years, boxing has proven to be an addictive sport, with fighters making a U-turn to the ring after calling it a day. The latest boxer tempted to step in the ring once more is former World Boxing Organisation (WBO) cruiserweight world champion Enzo Maccarinelli. His desire to make a 50th career bout came after American heavyweight boxing legends Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield and James Toney sent fight fans into a frenzy by revealing they are considering making a ring return in exhibition bouts. Tyson and Holyfield will make their comeback in aid of charity. However, Mzansi boxing legend Dingaan “The Rose of Soweto” Thobela said their return could be motivated by both financial gain and love of the game. “I think their comeback is inspired by both factors. Anyway after work every employee needs to get paid why it should be different when it come to us boxers,” laughed Thobela. “Boxers never get enough of the ring, even myself I’m still tempted to make a comeback every time I see fighters trading leather. Boxing habits are hard to let go,” he said. Thobela, a former World Boxing Association (WBA) and World Boxing Council (WBC) champion came out of retirement at 40 to face Soon Botes. “Any retired fighter who wants to make a ring return must go for it. But for health reasons that person must go through an extensive medical check-up. (Heavyweight) George Foreman is a good example, he returned after 10 years and become the second oldest boxer to win a world title after Bernard Hopkins,” he said. However, the former International Boxing Federation title holder Vuyani “The Beast” Bungu does not sing the same tune as Thobela. He said for boxers like Tyson and Holyfield, a comeback could wipe all the legacy they built during their fighting days. “For me, it is not a good idea for them to return to top flight boxing, but if they only do exhibition fights, it is a big yes from me. Age is against them and in their last fights, you could see the reflexes were no longer there and they ended up being punching bags in the heavyweight division, losing to nobodies,” said Bungu. Bungu, who defended the IBF crown 13 times, added that it does not matter how hard you train, age will always be against you.