STELLENBOSCH FC coach Steve Barker has a soft spot for clubless striker Thabo Mnyamane! SuperSport United opted not to renew Mnyamane’s contract after his five-year spell was marred by injuries. The Sebokeng-born forward is now looking for a new home and he is hoping that his mentor Steve Barker will come to his rescue. The 27-year-old joined University of Pretoria under the guidance of Barker in the 2013-14 season. Barker went to watch the talented goal poacher at the University of North West in Mahikeng during the Varsity Football competition in 2013 and he was impressed with what he saw from the lanky forward. Mnyamane made his debut for AmaTuks in February 2014 and two years later he was sold to Matsatsantsa a Pitori, where he won a couple of trophies. Barker is like a father to Mnyamane and the pair are close and communicate regularly. The coach gave Mnyamane his big break in top flight football, and he expects him to revive his ailing career. Barker is willing to help him to get back on track. He said that Mnyamane would fit in at any team in the PSL and that he would be welcomed with open arms, if he decides to team up with him again. “He would fit at any team to be honest. We don’t have many left footed players in the PSL and in Thabo we have a clever player, who is an all-rounder and can score goals. I don’t mind signing him again as I’m fond of him and know exactly what he can deliver on the pitch. If he is open to joining us, yes, we will sign him,” said Barker. But a lot has gone wrong for Mnyamane in the last two seasons as he battled with injuries. “It’s difficult for me to say what has really gone wrong with Thabo as I have not been seeing him daily before lockdown started. I believe he has been troubled by injuries that affected him from reaching his full potential. But I still think he is still a quality footballer and he has got a lot to add to the PSL,” said Barker. Barker said that he gave his players a strict training programme to follow and gets regular updates of their training on a weekly basis. “Obviously the players are bored at home as they desperately want to play football again,” said Barker. Stellies occupy 11th position with 27 points from 24 matches before the league was forced to halt its proceedings due to coronavirus in March. But the Premiership newcomers are on track to retain their PSL status.