 Higher
Education, Science and Technology Minister Blade Nzimande outlined the
government's plans on Saturday to allow students back on campuses. Among some
of the major announcements were that National Student Financial Aid Scheme
(NSFAS) students would receive 10GB free data from June through to August; all
students and staff members returning to campuses will be screened upon entry;
and one third of students will be allowed back on campuses and in residences
under Level 3 of the lockdown. Universities Currently,
final-year students in programmes requiring clinical training, particularly in
medicine, have been returning since mid-May. All other students have to study
through digital and other means until they can return. Minister of
Higher Education Blade Nzimande told reporters on Saturday that they have done
all they can to ensure that students are able to get their materials and get
online. Under Level
3, a maximum of 33% of students will be allowed back on campuses and in
residences - as long as they can been accommodated in line with health and
safety protocols. President
Cyril Ramaphosa previously said most of the country should have reached Level 3
by the end of May. The
students who will be allowed back under Level 3 should be in their final year
and must require access to laboratories, technical equipment, data,
connectivity and access to residence as well as private accommodation. Postgraduate
students who require laboratory equipment and other technical equipment to
undertake their studies may also return. | UCT reveals
first group of students who will be allowed back, but no dates confirmed yet  Students in
all years of study that require clinical training in their programmes can also
go back. Universities can also decide to allow back students to residences who
may face "extreme difficulties" in learning at home. Once Level
3 is announced, students will be given a period of two to three weeks from the
announcement date to return back to their campuses. Institutions will issue
permits to identified students to allow for their travel. Only a third of
students will be allowed back in residences under Level 3. Students
will be screened for Covid-19 symptoms at campus entrances. Once the
country reaches Level 2, two-thirds of the student population will be allowed
back. First-year students in all undergraduate programmes will be allowed back
as well as students in all years of study who require laboratory and technical
equipment to complete the academic year. Students in
all years of study who require practical placements, experiential learning or
workplace-based learning to complete the academic year will also be allowed
back - provided the workplaces and platforms are open and prepared. Two-thirds
of residences may be occupied during Level 2. Only at
Level 1, will all students return. TVET
returns Technical
and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) students will return by specific
dates, but if their campuses are in areas that are still on Level 4 during that
time - they will remain closed. These
are the return date for engineering students: N6 &
N3: 10 June N5 &
N2: 15 June N4 &
N1: 22 June For
business studies students: N6: 25 June N5: 29 June N4: 06 July National
Certificate (Vocational) Level 4: 13 July Level 3: 20
July Level 2: 27
July All
lecturers need to return by 8 June. CET
colleges Students
registered for General Education and Training Certificate, Senior Certificate
and National Occupational Certificates at Community Education and Training
colleges need to return by 17 June. Exam dates have been postpone to next year
to enable them to complete the 2020 academic year. NSFAS
students Nzimande
announced all NSFAS students, including Funza Lushaka teaching bursary
students, would receive 10GB daytime and 20GB nighttime data for three months,
starting from 1 June until the end of August. This thanks
to a new deal with cellphone service providers which secured "very
favourable rates". He said
these students should register their cellphone numbers with their respective
institutions, and they shoud not change their SIM cards during this period. Nzimande
added the government was not in a position to subsidise data to students who
fall within the so-called "missing middle" category - those who did
not qualify for NSFAS bursaries, but came from households who might have been
hit hard by the pandemic. "We,
however, appeal to [cellphone companies] to work with institutions to also
offer affordable packages to such students." He said the
government was working towards an affordable higher education loan scheme
involving the private sector. An
agreement with the SA Revenue Service has been concluded to provide the NSFAS
access to the latest tax data to validate the household income of applicants. The NSFAS
will now also be able to include other income, such as investment and rental,
in its applications assessment. "This will
greatly assist towards the finalisation of outstanding appeals," Nzimande
added. SOURCE:
NEWS24