THE cash-strapped South African Football Association (Safa) is more facing financial woes. This as their five-year contract with the South African Airways (SAA) that expires next year might not be renewed. The state-owned airline signed a sponsorship deal to fly the men’s senior national team (Bafana Bafana) in 2016. The decision whether or not the contract will be extended will be made in October. Despite the outbreak of coronavirus that has ground almost all airlines globally, SAA has been having problems of their own. It has seriously rippled business and the country to the recession. SAA spokesperson, Tlali Tlali, said: “As the lockdown grading was adjusted downward to level 4 in South Africa from 1 May, the regulations do not currently provide for the resumption of flights in the domestic market. “The aviation industry, like many other sectors, has been severely impacted by the outbreak of the coronavirus. “SAA, like many other domestic and global airlines, has also suffered negative effects of the COVID-19, which resulted in the grounding of its fleet (save for the charter flights) when the country went into lockdown. “The airline has not been able to generate significant revenue to fully cover all of its costs,” Tlali said. “Revenue lost during this time runs into multiples of millions of rands.” When the two organisations merged, Safa was said to be saving about R15 million to R25 million on flight costs for Bafana. At this moment in time, the company is crisis. Two months ago, bubefore the lockdown, siness rescue practitioners gave the airline a notice that it’ll retrench its employees. SAA has been struggling to keep its planes in the air and as a result, government is mooting to shut it down and launch a completely new airline. On its relationship with Safa, they said: “The contract provides for an arrangement when any of the signatories may initiate engagements with the SAA aimed at determining whether or not there’s interest to continue with the relationship. “These provisions are in line with the conventions regulating conduct between parties when handling matters of this nature. “Based on our contract, both parties have an option to invoke such provisions from October onward. “We’re not there yet.”