THE Eastern Cape provincial police commissioner, Lieutenant General
Liziwe Ntshinga has self-isolated after testing positive for Covid-19. She received her diagnosis this past weekend after
voluntarily undergoing a test despite being asymptomatic, which means she did
not show any symptoms.  Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana ,said ,"Following the news
of her diagnosis, the Provincial Commissioner made her results known to the
SAPS management team, personnel as well as close contacts. The protocols and
directives in place to contain and manage COVID-19 within the organization were
immediately implemented. These included the decontamination of the Provincial
Office at Zwelitsha today and that close contacts are tested and quarantined if
tested positive," he said.  In the meantime, contingency plans have been put in place to
ensure that the services rendered from the Eastern Cape Provincial Office are
not been disrupted.  The Provincial Commissioner Ntshinga therefore takes this
opportunity to inform the people of the Eastern Cape that she is in high
spirits and good health. She is encouraging all people to continue to practice
social distancing, wear their masks or recommended PPE, stay in their homes and
be safe as this virus has proven to have no boundaries.  The national commissioner  General Khehla  Sithole  has wished Lieutenant-General Ntshinga a
speedy recovery.  “I want to firstly applaud the bravery of the Provincial
Commissioner in disclosing her diagnosis to the public during this unprecedented
period .I also take this opportunity to wish her and all members infected or  affected by this virus a speedy recovery and encourage
them all to stay safe in the fight against crime”, added General Sithole.  As a precautionary measure, the department in collaboration
with other relevant role- players including the Department of Health have
embarked on a process to trace all those who may have had close contact with
the Lieutenant -General Ntshinga, in order to undergo the necessary screening
and testing processes.