BIDVEST WITS midfielder Cole Alexander believes the Clever Boys can cause the biggest upset of the 2019-20 Absa Premiership season and clinch the title right under the nose of favourites Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns. He said they are still in the Premiership title race and for that reason, he is keen for the Absa Premiership to be completed and to “see how it ends”. South Africans can expect a photo finish. Being at the summit of the log table does not make Chiefs champions already, as they still have eight more games to play for to lift the title. The Premier Soccer League (PSL) suspended the Premiership and GladAfrica Championship in March due to the outbreak of the deadly coronavirus. And with Mzansi on lockdown, there has been no decision from authorities as to whether the season will resume or not. Chiefs lead the way with 48 points from 22 matches, four points ahead of second-placed Sundowns but the defending champions have a match in hand over Amakhosi, while Wits are in sixth place with 38 points from 21 matches. Alexander, who also played for Ajax Cape Town, SuperSport United and Polokwane City said: “I am in favour of finishing the season behind closed doors. There is a lot to lose for many teams in the country if the league is not concluded.” Wits are due to play Chiefs twice in the league. “We still had the chance to win the league title ourselves. Imagine if we beat Chiefs twice in those two matches. That would definitely boost our chances and increase our level of confidence,” he said. Alexander suggests that the league must adopt the MDC MultiChoice format and play their remaining matches in a festival format. “It would be better if all the players stay in one hotel, get tested there and play in the same stadium. “Maybe that will be a better idea. I would like to see the season completed on the field of play, not in the boardroom,” stated Alexander. The Mitchells Plain-born Alexander still has a soft spot for his former team Ajax. The talented midfielder is praying the season will not be declared null and void, for the sake of his former employers. The Urban Warriors are cruising at the top of the Championship with a healthy lead of seven points with six games to go before the end of season. Before the season was halted because of the outbreak of Covid-19 in March, Ajax were on top with 48 points seven points ahead of second place Swallows FC from the same number of games. A worried Alexander asked: “What will happen to Ajax if the season is not concluded?”