THERE’S a serious threat of local football clubs going out of business. Former Orlando Pirates coach and one of the owners of Cape Umoya United, Roger de Sa, is already worried about their bread and butter post the coronavirus crisis. De Sa said if the Premier Soccer League (PSL) were to stop paying the clubs’ monthly grants, only a few would survive. The PSL grant money of R2 million goes to each of the 16 Absa Premiership clubs, while the other 16 GladAfrica Championship clubs receive R500 000 each. According to SunSport sources, the PSL have promised to pay grants until the end of June, but if the domestic league doesn’t resume beyond that period, uncertainty will prevail. This comes as COVID-19 saw both the PSL leagues, Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship, suspended indefinitely, in March. The PSL Execcutive Committee met on Thursday to map the way forward but nothing came out of it. The number of clubs in the PSL rely on monthly grants, and De Sa reckons if the grants were stopped, there will be serious consequences. “We’re pretty much aided by the grants. All the clubs are working according to the grants,” said De Sa, whose players have had to take salary cuts. “I think for 90% of the clubs, the grants are the biggest source of income. But we’re going to wait and see.” Post COVID-19, De Sa said the football industry would have to change the style of operation.and some clubs would go more youth then buying players. “I hate to say this, but going back to normal, whatever normal is, I don’t know, in due time or in the next 18 months, will be a cautious period for most clubs,” said De Sa, who has won the Nedbank Cup and the MTN8 in his coaching career. “There’ll be a lot less sponsorships. We’ll be going through recession worldwide, companies are going to hold back and are not going to give away money. “Crowds are going to dwindle. We’re not going to get gate-takings. I think the best bet will be TV rights money. “But don’t forget TV rights also earn from advertising.”