HIP-HOP star Reason and showbiz personality LootLove’s dreamy relationship has come to the end of the road. Asked for comment yesterday, the exes confirmed the break-up. Both Reason and LootLove confirmed the break-up to Sunday Sun yesterday. Said LootLove (real name Luthando Shosha): “Sizwe and I have separated, but we continue to partner gracefully in raising our beautiful kids.” But she dispelled the cheating allegations. “With regards to him cheating on me during my pregnancy when I was in Port Elizabeth, this is neither true nor factual,” she said. “I didn’t travel to Port Elizabeth during my pregnancy, as travelling was prohibited quite early because it was a high-risk pregnancy.” She also addressed allegations that her relationship was abusive. Insisted Lootlove: “Our relationship’s never been physical.” In his account, Reason (real name Sizwe Moeketsi) said: “Yes, it’s true we’ve separated. “We genuinely would’ve preferred privacy in this regard because of our children and families as this is a sensitive matter. “So, with that said, I’d appreciate it if you could respect our privacy.” According to informants, thebreak-up was long overdue. The source said the couple was experiencing problems even before being pregnant with twins. Asserted the informant: “There were rumours that Reason was doing mischievous things. “So, they held on until they gave birth, but there were a lot of insecurities that would lead to them fighting. “Around October, when they were shooting their SilkourOnLifecontent, there was tension between them,” said the mole. Although Reason tried extremely hard to keep his cool, LootLove couldn’t pretend or try to hide her feelings.” LootLove, a co-host of Metro FM’s Weekend Breakfastwith MoG and Bujy show, also has a show at SilkourOnLife. So does Reason. Early this year, Reason got himself a place in Bryanston, north of Jozi, while LootLove lives with the kids. Reason and LootLove were what most would label “social media A couple goals”. They’d post pictures of each other on social media with beautiful captions. But the couple has since deleted those photos on Instagram and no longer follow each other. ALL good things come to an end. Relationships go through trials and tribulation and unfortunate for famous people they too are not immune to that. This is also the case with Reason and LootLove. The two are no longer a couple and even living in separate places. Both Reason and LootLove real name Luthando Shosha confirmed the break up to Sunday Sun yesterday. “Sizwe and I have separated, however, we continue to partner gracefully in raising our beautiful kids,” she said. However, she denied that the break up was as a results of cheating allegations. “With regards to him cheating on me during my pregnancy when I was in Port Elizabeth, this is neither true nor factual. I didn’t travel to Port Elizabeth during my pregnancy as travelling was prohibited quite early in the pregnancy as it was a high risk pregnancy,” said LootLove. She also address the rumours that their relationship abusive. “Our relationship has never been physical,” she said. Reason said: “Yes, it’s true we have separated. We genuinely would have preferred privacy in this regard because of our children and families as this is a sensitive matter. So with that said, I would appreciate it if you could respect our privacy,” he said. “If there was a couple that knew how to fake it till they make it was these two,” said the source. Sunday Sun source said this alleged break-up was long overdue, even before they became pregnant they were having difficulties. The source said things started to change and revealed when they were expecting their twins. “There were rumours that Reason was doing mischievous things. But they held it through until they gave birth but there were a lot of insecurities that will lead them to fight again,” he said. Last year around October when they were shooting their Silkour Onlife content there was always a tension between, even though Reason tried to keep his cool LootLove couldn’t pretend or try to hide her expressions,” said the source. LootLove who is the co-host of Metro FM’s weekend breakfast with MoG and Bujy has a show at Silkour OnLife, same as Reason. Early this year, Reason got himself a place in Brynston and LootLove is living by herself and the kids. Reason and LootLove were what most would label social media a couple goals. They would post each other on social media with a beautiful caption but now all of that is no more. The couple deleted snaps of them together on Instagram and do not follow each other anymore. The source said it was awkward around March when LootLove hosted her birthday because Reason was acting like a stranger and didn’t seat near his baby mama.