IT is at times like this that football clubs feel the pinch of not having a sound financial backing. Undeniably, the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic is being felt by many, if not all football clubs around the globe. In the PSL, it is only three to six clubs that can sustain themselves during the lockdown period, with or without the monthly League grants. The same can’t be said of the smaller clubs, who have limited to no revenue streams. Clubs in the lower GladAfrica Championship are even worse. God forbid, many teams will face total collapse should the national lockdown be extended beyond winter. As it is, Jomo Cosmos can’t pay their players full salaries. They are certainly not the only ones. Yet one can’t help but wonder how different the situation would be, if football clubs had various sources of revenue like the rugby and cricket clubs, who aren’t as hard hit financially. The Cheetahs in Bloemfontein are definitely not facing financial ruin as Bloemfontein Celtic and Free State Stars are. The Cell C Sharks certainly have less worries, thanks to the partnership with the cellphone network company. But it was the Cheetahs and partners Toyota South Africa TV advert that attracted my attention. The car makers are among a plethora of sponsors behind the Free State rugby team with the current deal running until 2022. The deal includes the title sponsorship of the Cheetahs Pro14, Currie Cup, junior teams as well as the academy. According to the sponsors, the partnership has allowed the Cheetahs to compete at the highest level, win a trophy, host test matches, and also make a “seamless move from playing in the Super Rugby to the northern hemisphere”. But here is my reason for singling out the car company. With a high demand of their products (according to data from Lightstone Auto) in the Free State, Toyota are one of the few car makers raking in sales for bakkies in the province. And it would not be far-fetched to suggest this could have influenced the symbiotic relationship with the Cheetahs. However, various surveys show that Celtic is the fourth most supported team in the country after the PSL’s “big three”. The same motor company makes hundred of millions in annual turnovers through the taxi industry, a business patronised mostly by black Africans. The sales of the popular Quantum mini buses probably make up more than a quarter of all vehicles registered in the province. It’s a thriving business. And it owes its success to the thousands of commuters, who rely on taxis for transport daily. The same commuters make up the large Siwelele fan base. Now, it is no secret that football commands the biggest share of the multi-billion sports industry and is attractive as a product because it reaches the majority of Mzansi. Football clubs have become big commercial brands and sponsorship is now a vehicle for enhancing brands by tapping into the passion of supporters, publicity, awareness and an increasing market share. As PSL chairman Irvin Khoza would brag, football coverage is only rivalled by the 24-hour news channels in the country. Celtic participate in the Absa Premiership, a league lauded as the best on the continent in terms of coverage, production and commercial value. They play in excess of 38 games, including league and cup competitions, over a course of 10 months. So, this begs the question: What makes the Cheetahs... and the Sharks more attractive to the corporate world than Celtic, Golden Arrows and Maritzburg United? Why is it that Toyota finds the Cheetahs, who aren’t quite the world beaters, more appealing than the Siwelele brand? Football clubs, too, deserve more than a piece of the sponsorship cake. on Twitter @Kgomotsso