DETECTIVES working at Maritime house in Durban CBD said they want to be tested for Covid-19. This is after one of the detectives where 18 are working tested positive for Covid-19. It is alleged that only five were taken by management to go and test while the rest of them were told to arrange testing on their own. One of the detectives who asked not to be named told Daily Sun that their colleague got the results that he was positive on Saturday. "Then five people were taken by the office to go and test. The rest of us were left out. We are worried because we have also been in contact with the colleague who tested positive," said the detective. The detective said they have held meetings in one boardroom with this colleague who tested positive therefore they believe that all of them should test and quarantine. Another detective said after the five were taken for testing and quarantine, the rest of them were told to arrange by themselves how they will get tested. "We also want our management to arrange for us to get tested. They want us to test at private doctors. We don't understand why we are being left out but we also work in the same building," said the detective. The detective also revealed that they have been told by their superiors not to reveal that there is a case of Covid-19 in their building. "We are told to hide this but yet we don't get assisted," said the worker. The SAPS national spokesman Vinshu Naidoo confirmed that a constable at the Maritime house had teated positive for the Covid-19 virus which resulted in a second member, a Warrant officer also testing positive because of being  contact to the Constable. "As the members in the detective branch have now been placed under self-isolation isolation waiting for screening and testing to be finalized," said Naidoo. He said the work environment is being decontaminated as well. "In the meantime contingency plans are being put in place to ensure that service delivery in that environment is not hampered," said Naidoo.