WHAT’S in the surname? The Mazibukos may have not proved to be successful at international level, but they have certainly made a mark in the domestic league and it is one of the traditional clans that have appeared the most in our football. GOODMAN MAZIBUKO The epitome of hard work. That’s how many would describe Goodman during his playing days. Mazibuko played 239 matches for Free State Stars before going on to join Orlando Pirates where he spent a season, arriving with new coach Roy Barreto after Stars closed shop back in 2002. A born leader, Mazibuko would go on to represent Moroka Swallows on 397 occasions and earned five international caps before retiring in 2009. They don’t make them like Goodman anymore. CLEMENT MAZIBUKO He boasts two league titles. But there is no doubt Mazibuko would have contributed more to the success of Mamelodi Sundowns were it not for the niggling injuries. The talented midfielder mesmerised with his skills and is still remembered fondly by the Brazilians faithful. Mazibuko spent four years with Sundowns but it was at Bush Bucks where he first made his mark, earning the first of his eight Bafana Bafana caps while playing for the Eastern Cape side. He also had a stint in Russia. WELCOME “MSHINI” MAZIBUKO African Wanderers is remembered mostly for the exciting trio of Siyabonga Nomvethe, Phumlani Mkhize and Sibusiso Zuma. But “Mshini” can proudly name himself among the greats of Wanderers, having made his mark during his seven-year spell. He earned two Bafana caps and also turned out for Manning Rangers for two seasons. SIBUSISO “TSO” MAZIBUKO He turned professional when he signed with Moroka Swallows, having being spotted at KwaMahlobo Games. But Sibusiso made his mark at Pirates, being the cog in the attacking machine which boasted the likes of Benedict Vilakazi and the late Lesley Manyathela. A pacy player with great dribbling abilities, Mazibuko also had a stint with AmaZulu and was capped at the national Under 23 level. MLUNGISI MAZIBUKO As an active player, Mlungisi still has an opportunity to etch his name in the history books. The Chippa United goalkeeper got his big break with Maritzburg United aged 19 back in 2013. But it hasn’t been all smooth sailing for him, the goalie switching between the ABC Motsepe League and the GladAfrica Championship, before arriving at the Chilli Boys.