SPORTS Minister Nathi Mthethwa on Saturday clarified that all professional contact sporting codes, including football and rugby, can return to training fields, but under very strict health regulations laid out in the new Level-3 lockdown, starting on Monday but with no spectators. He further alerted all non-contact sport bodies that they have under 14 days after the publication of directions of the return of non-contact sport, to guarantee him in the form of affidavits relating to the testing of all officials before resumption for training and matches. Non-contact sport has been cleared to train and compete while contact sporting codes have only been allowed to return to training. The minister said he must be informed within two weeks after the resumption of sport directives are gazzeted. Addressing the media on Saturday Mthethwa said all sport bodies and professional clubs must ensure athletes and their support staff be subjected to quarantine for 14 days pending the test results. "All sport bodies and professional clubs must develop and implement policies and procedures for workforce contact tracing following employee Covid-19 test," the minister said. "Only determined non-contact professional sport may resume matches after compliance with all provisions. Only determined sport codes where professional athletes may resume training after compliance with all provisions of these directions." He said transportation of all athletes, players, support staff must comply with transport directions issued by minister of transport Fikile Mbalula. On the testing, screening of players and support staff, Mthethwa said they will be tested before resumption of training and matches. He emphasised that athletes and support staff testing positive of Covid-19 will not be allowed to train, or even participate in events. Journalist and television crew, including radio commentators, were not left confused too as the minister said they must under temperature screening before entering the stadium. "Any person with suspected high temperature may not be allowed to enter the venue or stadium," Mthethwa said. "Resumption of non-contact sport matches and professional athletes training may not be allowed in areas declared as hot-spot by the Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize." He added that all stadiums, sports ground, field, dressing rooms and others facilities within the precinct of the stadium must be sanitised before any resumption of matches and training. More importantly,