Kaizer Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp admits he is mulling over a change of style for his side when football resumes, despite the team sitting on top of the Absa Premiership table. The AmaKhosi hold a four-point advantage over second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns, though they have played a game more than their closest rivals. Middendorp has used the pause in the season due to the coronavirus pandemic to look back at where he can improve the side, having also had discussions with a number of contacts overseas, including former Chiefs and Bafana Bafana star Bradley Carnell, who is currently assistant coach at New York Red Bulls. “We have lost games that we were not meant to lose. We have analysed what the opponent has seen in us and, accordingly, we have been looking at variations of our game-plan going into our next match,” he told his club’s website. “For example, at times we achieved 80 per cent of ball possession, but this didn’t always result in a positive result. So maybe we should look at having 60 per cent of ball possession and use that time better to create the possibility of winning the match. “In my discussions with Carnell about systems, he shared some of the dynamics they experienced. For example, when you play in a certain way, the opponents will at some stage understand your system, which means that you are forced to change. “You always need to be able to adapt as a team to new circumstances. I found these discussions interesting because as a leading team in the league, most teams started to understand our play, and hence we had to start varying our approach.” Middendorp says his side may need to be more flexible in their approach in future. “Modern-day football requires flexibility. Remember, in the Soweto Derby we played Reeve Frosler on the left and many people got a shock, despite not knowing that we wanted him to give us variation and different options. “We work with the players to be flexible, and the team as a whole must also be flexible. I rate flexibility highly with the players, the ability to adapt to different roles and circumstances. “Because of all these discussions with the team and seeing how the guys pick it up, we believe that we are on course to achieve the goals we have set for ourselves.”