Rapper, music producer and lyricist Nasty C is having a great 2020. While many artists are not having a great year due to the coronavirus restrictions, he seems to be doing well. From signing an international record deal with Def Jam, releasing music internationally, world class collaborations with big brands, acting role on Netflix and now an opportunity to be the keynote speaker at this year's Midem Digital Edition has presented itself. He has been invited as a keynote speaker alongside internationally acclaimed rapper and music producer T.I. The two have been tipped to speak in an exclusive and unique event on 3 June about their creative relationship as an illustrative example of the global nature of hip-hop today. ALSO READ:NASTY C SCORES A NETFLIX ROLE! The two giants of their genre will explore the significance of US hip-hop artists supporting and collaborating with other major hip-hop artists around the world. The keynote will be also the occasion to debate how brands could step up and do for hip-hop, and music in general, what they have always done for sports, given music has just as much global and universal reach and appeal as sport, just without the equivalent of an Olympics as a branding platform. Midem director Alexandre Deniot welcomes this addition to the Midem Digital Edition programme, saying: “We’re delighted to have a chance to welcome stars like T.I. and Nasty C to our event. Insights into their collaborative creative process will be invaluable to our community, especially the emerging artists joining us, who will surely be inspired by this session. It’s vital for us all right now to be sharing best practices and any other tips that can nurture the careers of those entering the industry. ALSO READ:JUB-JUB IS OUT FOR REVENGE! "Exploring the value of collaborations between hip-hop and brands will also be hugely inspiring to both the artist and brand communities, especially as a reflection of how these partnerships can cross continental borders, building relationships between the world’s high potential, growing markets.” ABOUT NASTY C Nsikayesizwe David Junior Ngcobo, more popularly known as Nasty C, is the voice of his generation. The multi-award winning South African rapper originates from Durban, and has been dubbed “The Coolest Kid In Africa.” Recently signed to a joint venture deal between Def Jam Records and Universal Music Africa, the 23-year-old rapper is now prepping for the release of his third album, Zulu Man With Some Power. He has been the most streamed South African artist on Apple Music for four years in a row. With over 120 million streams, Nasty C’s sophomore effort, Strings And Bling, was the most streamed South African and African album on the platform in Sub-Saharan Africa.  The album spawned three multi-platinum singles – King, Jungle and the radio smash, SMA – as well as the platinum single, Strings And Bling. A further 14 songs from this album were certified gold. Having toured Africa, Asia, Europe, Australia and North America, and brought his own live performance property, the Ivyson Tour, to Kenya, Zimbabwe, Namibia and beyond, Nasty C has always sought to make the globe even smaller through his music. https://www.instagram.com/nasty_csa https://www.facebook.com/nastyczzle https://twitter.com/nasty_csa     