IN the past two seasons, some Absa Premiership clubs had a busy transfer period strengthening their squads with new faces. The additions have led to a slight improvement in performance for some clubs while others did not benefit from their signings. Most of the new signing have failed to live up to expectations and that has seen teams terminating contracts of players who have not made the grade. However, others remain with their respective teams with a hope of getting a chance to play and prove their worth. Here we look at some of the signings who have not lived up to expectations in the PSL based on their performance and their potential. Soweto giants, Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates are some of the teams that seem to have not benefited from some of their recent transfers. James Kotei - Kaizer Chiefs The Ghanaian midfielder left Chiefs without making a single competitive appearance despite being regarded as one of their top signings before the season started. However, it looks like he was never good enough for the club as he couldn’t do enough to convince Amakhosi coach Ernst Middendorp that he deserves a spot in the starting line-up. Lazalous Kambole - Kaizer Chiefs The highly rated Zambian attacker has found it difficult to crack it in Mzansi. He joined Amakhosi in July last year from Zesco United. In his 12 appearances, the player is yet to find the back of the net in the PSL. His fellow countryman who made a name for himself at Chiefs Collins Mbesuma has offered him some advice that he must not put himself under unnecessary pressure. Siphelele Ntshangase - Kaizer Chiefs Ntshangase joined Amakhosi in a much publicised move two seasons ago and he is yet to shine in the Black and Gold colours. The midfield wizard’s performance has drastically dropped since he joined from Baroka FC and he is battling with game time. His contract will end at the end of June. Austin Muwowo - Orlando Pirates Muwowo hasn’t had the best of times since joining the Buccaneers from Nkana FC. He is struggling to break into the club’s match day squads — and this makes him one of the transfer flops for this season as his two league appearances don’t exceed 18 minutes combined. Joris Dells - Orlando Pirates The French goalkeeper got into the Pirates fans bad books in his first three games donning the Black and White colours. In four starts, he conceded 11 goals and he could not keep one clean sheet. Siphesihle Ndlovu - Orlando Pirates The former PSL Young Player of the Season has been deployed in several positions, including central midfield and right-wing, he has struggled to be the same player he was at Maritzburg when he won Midfielder of the Season. Thabo Qalinge - SuperSport United He joined SuperSport in August last year after being released by Pirates. Qalinge’s contract with SuperSport expires at the end of the current campaign. He has not been effective as has only managed 82 minutes of football since he joined the club. Tendai Ndoro - Highlands Park When he joined Highlands in 2018 Ndoro was expected to solve their goal scoring problems. However, injuries has derailed that. This season the Zimbabwean born striker has only managed to make 14 appearances in all competitions, scoring only two goals and providing one assist.