AFRIFORUM laid a corruption charge after a company with close links to Gauteng MEC for Education Panyaza Lesufi was allegedly awarded an unlawful state contract. The civil rights organisation AfriForum laid a charge of corruption at the Wierdabrug police station in Centurion on Tuesday. According to AfriForum CEO, Kallie Kriel, this followed the Gauteng government awarding an unlawful contract to the IT Company, In2IT, with which Lesufi has close links. Kriel said In2IT signed a three-year sponsorship agreement with the Moroka Swallows soccer club on 17 July 2019. "Lesufi is the club’s president. Hardly nine months later, the Gauteng Department of Finance and E-government awarded In2IT a tender worth R30 million without following the tender process and before the Minister of Communication could approve the suspension of the tender process," he said. He said the tender was awarded to In2IT within 24 hours after government had requested tenders. Thereafter, Treasury raised its dissatisfaction with the process that was followed to award the tender. According to Kriel, they cannot afford the plundering of taxpayers’ money through corrupt tender processes, especially during the Covid-19 crisis. He argued that unlawful tenders should be opposed, especially those in which the names of senior politicians like Lesufi are mentioned. According to him, Lesufi never denied in his reaction to the tender debacle that he had known about this tender. He pointed out that Lesufi’s decision that Swallows had to terminate the sponsorship was taken only after the unlawfulness of the tender award to In2IT had come to light, which is an admission that the tender process had indeed been unlawful. “If Lesufi’s association with In2IT wasn’t unlawful, why else then would he terminate his soccer club’s relations with the company the moment that questions about the tender started surfacing? “Another In2IT director, Memme Maria Siyo, is employed by the State Security Agency according to recent records. “Government’s code of conduct prohibits any state official from doing business with government,” said Kriel. He said he hopes that a comprehensive police investigation will shed more light on the serious questions that arose about the tender that was awarded to In2IT and that those who acted unlawfully are brought to book. On the other hand, Lesufi's spokesman, Steven Mabona, said the MEC Lesufi doesn’t have time for clowns and calls upon AfriForum to stop being obsessed with him.