HIGHLANDS Park boss Brad Kaftel says they are very much interested in keeping veteran midfielder Musa Nyatama in their ensemble. The Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba said they will do whatever it takes to renew the contract of the former Orlando Pirates work-horse. Nyatama joined the Tembisa-based outfit in February on a six-month deal and made his debut in their 2-0 Absa Premiership win over Bloemfontein Celtic. This was after he terminated his contract with Pirates due to lack of game time, having played just seven matches since the start of the season, and thought it was time to move on. Even though Nyatama played only 90 minutes in two appearances for Highlands before the season was halted due to coronavirus, he seems to have done enough to warrant a new deal. Kaftel believes the 32-year-old has a vital role to play in coach Owen Da Gama’s side next season. He denied that Nyatama will follow Tendai Ndoro, whose contract was terminated due to financial difficulties the club has endured as a result of the lockdown. “That’s (releasing Nyatama) not accurate,” Kaftel argues. “We definitely want to keep Musa. We will have a meeting with him to negotiate a new deal when everything is back to normal.” However, the future of Nyatama’s teammate Reneilwe Letsholonyane with the club seems uncertain. Kaftel could not guarantee whether they will retain the 37-year-old’s services or not in the new season. Letsholonyane joined Highlands in September last year after he parted ways with SuperSport United at the end of 2018-19 season. The former Kaizer Chiefs player has played 14 matches in all competition for Siyabangena/Siyabahlaba. His last appearance on the pitch was a 45 minutes cameo appearance on 19 February when Highlands drew 2-2 with Bidvest Wits away. “On Yeye, we will see if we’ll engage him (about contract) or not.” Kaftel is hopeful that their title sponsor Jonsson Workwear will continue to support the team financially when the season resumes. The work clothing company has stopped paying the club since their brand is no longer visible since the PSL season was halted.