Despite the threat paused by coronavirus, residents from Philippi Browns farm took to the streets protesting their councillor. Captain Sakhiwe Dulungana who from Nyanga cop shop in charge of Browns Farm told residents to go home because virus doesn’t respect anyone, and even cops are dying. “As police coronavirus is killing us, the virus is now everywhere even among us as cops. I get very worried when I see people gathered like this because it takes only one person to infect over 50 people. He ordered the group of over 100 people to disperse and allow their leaders to fix their grievances than to gather and risk contracting coronavirus. He took the time explain that the country is already struggling to deal with the high volumes of coronavirus cases. “Hospitals are full,it hurts to see you residents gathered like this, that’s why am telling you all to disperse. We will fix these issues with the leaders, we can arrange a meeting with the leaders so that we fix this issue in an amicable way and in a health environment,” said the captain. Dulungana said for cops to deal with crowds pose even more danger than when they deal with individuals at their cop shops. He said if cops are infected it may lead to disruptions of service deliveries and residents should disperse and allow cops to leave. “If I continue being with you here, if I get infected it means all other cops will get the virus as well. We don’t want a situation where all of us are admitted at the hospital and have the hospital shutdown. Who will look after the kasi, I understand you all have your concerns but there are ways to deal with such issues not this gathering,” added captain Dulungana. On Thursday last week, SAPS management released a statement highlighting that two cops have since died since the beginning o flockdown. A Warrant Officer died from the virus in April in KwaZuluNatal and a Captain died in Eastern Cape on Monday last week. National Commissioner of Police General Khehla John Sitole praised the two deceased officers as brave and exemplary. “On behalf of the entire SAPS family, I would like to personally pay tribute to the two members who placed their lives on the line to ensure that the people of South Africa are protected against crime as well as against this virus,”said Sitole. The deceased officers had served in Police for over 25 years. The Warrant Officer who was 55 years at the time of his death had joined Police in 1993. The other deceased had been in service since 1991. In the past two months several police stations have been closed after cops have tested positive. Since the beginning of lockdown, 370 members have tested positive with most of those cases in the Western Cape. So far 55 members have recovered from the virus.