W
  hen it comes to our parents, no one ever wants to even think about them as sexy beings. It’s so much better to pretend we were dropped from the sky by a stork. Have you ever looked into old family albums during this lockdown and seen how sexy, charming and virile your parents once were during their youth? I saw a picture of the young version that was mum, all young and glowing, and recalled so many memories of my youth when I learned beauty and style from her. In one picture she is wearing a 60s style peach mini-dress, white, long thigh high boots and spots a big Afro. She’s so beautiful her 70s style icons Bubbles Mpondo and Cynthia Shange don’t even come close. The picture was taken before I was even an idea in her mind, when she lived her life to the full. As I leafed through the album, memories from my childhood leapt from these pages. In one picture my mum’s wearing a beautiful romantic cream dress, her make-up is flawless and she oozes class and style. My first taste of a beautifully lingering perfume came from watching her dress up to go to work or a family wedding or party. I was fascinated by her big Afro wig, always glistening with glycerine and the red lipstick she would apply last to finish off her outfit. I knew she was off to one of those parties where young children weren’t allowed with a waft of a certain scent, and a certain shade of red on her lips. A young brat, I’d try to spoil her mission of going out by standing at the gate balling my eyes out, holding tightly to the gate. My flimsy attempt at derailing her would sometimes be met with a sweet hug and a promise to bring me sweets when she came back. When her mood was dark, I’d get a smack on my behind and told to go back into the house. She was a real girl’s girl in her time, who used to do her own hair and beautiful nails every Sunday as she played her favourite records in the background. Of course, as life’s more harsher responsibilities took hold, she did her nails less and I eventually got to know her as just my mum. Most of us attribute our first sense of style to influences from our uncles and aunts. I guess it’s because we can view and relate to them differently than our parents. I had two aunts who were trendsetters of note and one uncle who loved his dikota. The first aunt I’m referring to is my mum’s younger sister. She had a classy fashion sense and carried her two-piece outfit like a royal. She’d rock the jacket and skirt with feminine blouses and each suit had matching high heels. Her fanciness brought sunshine when she walked into the room. My other aunt was actually my grand-aunt but her fashion sense was three decades younger than her age. While her peers wore drab seshweshwe dresses, she’d rock macarena block high heels, a dress with a pop of colour and big mirror sunnies. She was a true style pioneer that one. She broke all the matchy-matchy rules by adding an eccentric twist to all her outfits. She wore what she liked and damned any fashion convention. Here’s to all the fashion mavericks from our families, who inspired us with their style. May we be them and may we always light up their torches.