    THE SWEET
smell fills the air in a shack! One would
think people are eating fruits to boost their immune system since the outbreak
of Covid-19. But the
pineapple isn't being eaten, in fact, it is being brewed to make booze. The
traditional brew made of pineapples has become popular since the banning of
alcohol as part of the lockdown regulations. The SunTeam
visited a brewer who is making a fortune out of the sale of the wine. The wine is
in demand that the brewer has even hired someone to help him with brewing. But for one
to get their hands on the brew, you have to know the brewer or someone who
knows him. For fear of
being caught by authorities, brewers only sell to people they know. The brewer who
wished not to be named said the brew is simple to make and very profitable. "The
wine is made of pineapples, bread, sugar, and yeast, very cheap ingredients and
it only takes a day for the wine to ferment," he said. He said he
has to be very careful about whom he sells to and who sees his brewing. "My
girlfriend locks the shack with a chain and goes to our neighbours to keep
watch, while my helper and I are working. “I sell
only to less than 20 people I know but I'm aware that most of the time those people
are buying for others," he said. He said the
price of beer on the black market has helped him.  "One
is beer illegally sold for R50 since the lockdown, I sell a 2 litre bottle of
wine for R20, I get the majority customers plus it takes one 2 litre bottle for
one to get drunk on pineapple wine while it'll take several beers for one to
get drunk from a normal beer," he said. He said the
brew has changed his life. "I'm
unemployed I lived on piece jobs but since brewing beer, my life has changed. I
make a thousand or more a day, I just wish all the shops were open so that I
can get everything that I ever wanted and couldn't afford," he said.  He said his
location helps him to avoid the attention of authorities. "I'm
in a squatter camp, most roads are passages. It is hard for authorities to
patrol here and it helps with the business. “I also
don't allow customers to hang around here, it’s a takeaway business," he
said. One
customer said he had already developed a liking for the booze.  "I
like the taste and it is cheap, I think even if they can lift the ban on
alcohol, I will continue drinking pineapple wine," he said. But the
brewer is worried that level 3 of the lockdown will make him poor again. 