Hip hop extraordinaire Riky Rick is proud of the diversity of the African continent and would like to see more collaborations. This marks the final week of African Month as recognised by the African Union, and King Kotini as he is affectionately known told the SunTeam that he would like to see more musicians from the mother continent embrace the diversity of sound and imagery. “I’d really like to see more collaborations from talent on the continent. We have a wealth of flavour and style that I don't believe everyone is aware of. I'd love to see more people engage with the diversity of sound and imagery that exists so we're able to show our future generations what is possible and the lengths we can achieve as people,” he says. Keeping the cards close to his chest, the rapper whose real name is Rikhado Makhado said new music was still in the kitchen and he is coping well under lockdown. “We're coping pretty well. It's given us time to connect as a family and to see the kid's growth and personalities develop more closely.” ALSO READ:SJAVA DUMPS AMBITIOUZ RECORDS! He added that he is using the time under lockdown to reflect and think about business. “I am using the time to reflect. Thinking about how to foolproof the business and it's offering to be relevant even in difficult times. There have been challenges, but I have kept an open mind and tried to implement agile solutions to fit the time.” He also urged fan to stream and download music as this can help contributions to the solidarity fund to help needy communities. @brandsouthafrica challenged @djmaphorisa @kabelomotha_ @rouge_rapper @youngstacpt @tresorofficial @shashaofficial1 @dee_koala @rikyrickworld to do something positive together during this lockdown. We will get through this #TheAfricaWeWant #PlayYourPartSA A post shared by  Rikhado "Riky Rick" Makhado (@rikyrickworld) on May 24, 2020 at 9:30am PDT   “Check it out on all major streaming sites and let's stick together and make a difference. Wear a mask and adhere to social distancing.”   