FORMER Kaizer Chiefs player "Ace" Mbuthu was destined for the stars and was touted to become one of Mzansi's most famous midfielders. But together with Jabu "Shuffle" Mahlangu, they were notorious for partying and drinking...hence their careers did not flourish as expected. In 2001 May, just as Chiefs were gunning for the league title, the duo absconded on the eve of an important match, resulting in Chiefs losing the game 1-0 against Free State Stars - Amakhosi eventually lost the league race. This is the famous article on the Chiefs website at that time in 2001: "Influential Kaizer Chiefs midfielders Jabu Pule and Patrick Mbuthu are in trouble with the club after playing a disappearing act ahead of their crucial Premier League match against Free State Stars at Ellis Park. Chiefs huffed and puffed until they were beaten 1-0 by Stars without the two former national under-23 players who, according to coach Muhsin Ertugral, disappeared without trace. A raging Ertugral said after the match that the two stars had also skipped training on several occasions without good explanation and that they would have to account for their actions on their return. Chiefs ran like a car without an engine as they made a painful return to the scene of the tragedy, which claimed over 40 lives last month. The “Glamour Boys” lacked spark and a sense of urgency as they battled to string passes together. Strikers Luke Petros and Siyabonga Nomvete occasionally had to go deep into the midfield to collect the ball. Modern coaches normally say a game of football is not about individuals but it was clear on the night that the absence of Pule and Mbuthu tempered with the rhythm of the team. The two have been inspirational in the past couple of matches and now they could find themselves on the sidelines for the remainder of the season. “I am sick and tired of their lack of discipline,” Ertugral exploded as he tried to give the lowdown of the match. “The game is not about individuals but their absence upset our plans and I cannot tolerate this nonsense anymore.” News about deteriorating discipline in the camp could have perhaps never reached members of the fourth estate had the outcome been otherwise. “People must know that these two boys are ill-disciplined and their attitude is very bad. We are at a very crucial stage in the title race and we need to pull together. The level of discipline must also raise.” Chiefs moved one place down to the fifth spot with four games to go and in all fairness, look to have aborted their plans of winning the league following this outcome. But the Premire League campaign has never been short of surprises this season and a miracle could be their last bet.