THE National Soccer League (NSL) Board of Governors (BoG) will hold a crucial virtual conference on Thursday to give an indication on the way forward as it aims to conclude the 2019-20 Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship campaigns, respectively. According to SunSport informants, the meeting on Thursday will include officials from government in Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa, as well as the Departments of Health Minister Zweli Mkhize, and representatives from all the 32 member clubs. The PSL will get feedback from their Task Team appointed in March to formulate plans to restart the season, which could include games being played in sanitised, neutral venues over a series of weeks and players housed in isolation at hotels. The PSL hopes to engage with Mthethwa on Thursday to understand his and also outline what measures they are able to put in place. Mthethwa has made it clear that the PSL must work together with the SA Football Association (Safa) and expects them to speak in "one voice" as they plan for the return of football. All PSL matches were suspended due to the outbreak of coronavirus. The country was placed on lockdown Level 5 at the end of March which was reduced to Level 4 last Friday. The Task Team, which includes PSL officials and those from government, was appointed by PSL chairman Irvin Khoza at the PSL’s Board of Governors meeting in March, where he confirmed the suspension of both the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship. Khoza said in that meeting they hope to conclude their programmes on 30 June. “Yes, they’ll be a meeting on Thursday. On what it’ll be about, I have no idea, because I haven’t seen the minutes,” said PSL COO Professor Ronnie Schloss. Just like Absa, the GladAfrica Group who sponsor of the second tier, have backed the PSL to conclude the season when it is safe to do so. “There’s no pressure from us as a sponsor. We’ll take guidance from the PSL on Thursday,” said group spokesperson Tiyani Rikhotso. Fifa recently issued a statement saying players whose contract ends on 30 June and those who have signed pre-contracts, should remain with their current clubs until the season is finished. This has yet to be implemented but it will be discussed at the meeting. Also the health minister’s representatives will give their recommendations and guidelines to the PSL to follow if and when the season does resumes. However, Safa last week said local football can only resume once the country’s restrictions of Covid-19 goes to Level 1. 