Cooperative
Governance Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma has told the National Coronavirus
Command Council (NCCC) that the sale of tobacco and alcohol should continue to
be banned until the country reaches Level 1 of the lockdown. News24
was reliably told that Dlamini-Zuma was supported by Home Affairs Minister
Aaron Motsoaledi when she told the NCCC this week that she believed it would be
too much of a health risk to allow the sale of cigarettes and alcohol on 1 June
when the country is expected to go to Level 3 of the nationwide lockdown. This
prompted a debate in the meeting, chaired by President Cyril Ramaphosa, with no
resolution on the matter. A
high-ranking insider with intimate knowledge of the meeting said Dlamini-Zuma
had come prepared with academic papers that argued against the sale of tobacco
and alcohol during the Covid-19 pandemic, citing health risks. President
Cyril Ramaphosa has rubbished claims that there is any agenda from government
in the banning of tobacco products during the Covid-19 Level 4 national
lockdown. This
is despite an agreement that government would lift the restrictions on the sale
of tobacco under Level 3. Those
who opposed the proposal led by Dlamini-Zuma argued that a pandemic was not the
time to make policy decisions, as both the tobacco and alcohol industries were
not banned – they were simply regulated. 'There
is no finality' A
reliable insider said that even Health Minister Zweli Mkhize, who initially
supported the ban, seemed to have come to terms with the fact that cigarettes
and alcohol should be allowed with strict conditions under Level 3. There
was no decision on the matter, the source said. "The
discussion goes on and on and there is no finality," the insider said. This
is not the first time the NCCC has heard lively discussions around the ban on
tobacco and alcohol. An announcement by Ramaphosa to allow the sale of those
products under Level 4 was rescinded days later after vehement opposition led
by Dlamini-Zuma. The
Fair Trade Independent Tobacco Association has challenged government’s decision
in court, and the Presidency and Dlamini-Zuma have until next Tuesday to
provide the record of the decision and the reasons why tobacco was banned in
the first place. Dlamini-Zuma’s
spokesperson Mlungisi Mtshali said he could not comment on matters currently
before the NCCC. Efforts
to get comment from Motsoaledi were also unsuccessful. This will be added
should News24 receive it. Hairdressers
and restaurants The
NCCC has also heard arguments calling for the reopening of hairdressers and
salons under Level 3.  It
was argued that women, who are the majority in that industry, were at risk of
losing their livelihoods. More
than 8 000 people have made inputs to government calling for the reopening of
salons and hairdressers. While
the matter is still unresolved, it is understood that there seemed to be an
indication that there would be "enhanced regulations" if salons were
to reopen. Another
point of contention before the NCCC is the opening of restaurants under strict
"protocols". While
takeaways and drive-thrus will be open under Level 3, there is a contention
that sit-down restaurants should be open. The
NCCC finally agreed that there would be limited domestic air travel under Level
3, with hotels and licenced accommodation allowed to operate to assist
businesses. This too would come with strict conditions. What
is allowed The
NCCC's members seemed to be in agreement that all manufacturing, mining,
agriculture, forestry and fisheries would be opened under Level 3. All
retail would also be opened, with some restrictions. It was further agreed that
the construction industry would be reopened and that all other supporting jobs
would also be allowed. The
maritime industry is expected to reopen, with the exception of cruises. Sources
told News24 that there was uncertainty whether the risk-adjusted approach of
having different districts in different levels would be effective in the metros
around the country. "We
said people will just drive to another district for what they can't get under
Level 4," a second source noted. It
was argued that having districts close by on different alert levels would be
difficult to enforce. Earlier
this week, Gauteng Premier David Makhura said Gauteng as a whole would move to
Level 3 and would not move between levels of the lockdown in a disjointed
manner. The
technical support team of the NCCC, known as Natjoints, is expected to finalise
this in the coming days. Mkhize’s
plan for the next phase of the government’s response to curbing the spread of
Covid-19 includes a ward-based response, which will see people being employed
to enforce mask wearing and social distancing, while others would screen people
in wards across the country. The
NCCC is expected to meet again next Tuesday and, in the meantime, the agreed
upon regulations are being finalised by the relevant departments. SOURCE:
NEWS24