A VIDEO showing a man in handcuffs dancing and singing near a police van has caused a stir. This is after it appeared that the police from Koppies, Free State, made the man sing a sacred song from an initiation school while he was handcuffed. The video resurfaced on Facebook recently but police said the incident happened in December 2018. This was the man was bust for cellphone theft and drunkenness. He confessed to the police that the person who stole the cellphone was at the initiation school. That’s when the cops took him there and made him sing. Stebu Teboho posted the video on Facebook on 14 May and many expressed anger at the cops. A cop can be heard instructing the handcuffed suspect. The marked police van from Koppies visible policing unit can be seen next to the suspect, who called out for initiates in the open field. Pejay Mabote said: “The cop is a stupid, an idiot.” Cuterider Majozi said: “Haibo, this stupid cop thinks this is funny.” “The SAPS is disrespectful towards our cultural practices that are done in private,” said Osama Letimile. Lehlohonolo Tsotetsi said the incident left Basotho as those without a secret practice of culture. “You won’t see this happening in Ndebele culture.” Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele confirmed that they were aware of the video. Makhele told Daily Sun: “The incident occurred during December 2018 and was publicised on social media in January last year. Apparently this person appearing in the video was arrested for theft of a cellphone and drunkenness. He allegedly confessed to the arresting cops that the person who stole the cellphone was at the initiation school. “On arrival at the vicinity of the initiation school, he told the police that nobody will come out unless he sings and dances as he was doing. After the singing was done according to the culture of the initiates, one person appeared to hear what the police were saying,” said Makhele. “A case of cellphone theft was withdrawn against him as the complainant was a close relative. An internal investigation started last year against the cops and is continuing.”