FOOTBALL fans see him as their star at Mamelodi Sundowns... His family regards to him as their pride and caring man of God. At church they know him as a humble and peace loving congregant. Members of his Foundation can attest that he has a soft spot for the needy and shares his wealth. But Nathaniel “Master-S” Sete, a 23-year-old Human Movement Science student with the University of North West Potchefstroom campus, regards Tiyani “Shuga” Mabunda as his older brother, mentor and role model. The Sundowns midfielder has touched many hearts and has gone at full length when he nurtured Sete from the age 12 until today where he is a Tawana FC Juniors coach for the Under-13 and U-17s at the university team. According to Sete, Mabunda is his spiritual brother and has been walking over his footsteps as he grows to become a footballer that he’s always wanted to be. Sete hails from Zebediela in Limpopo, but he grew up in Oudtshoorn, a small dorpie in the Klein Karoo in Western Cape. That was before he moved to Lotus Gardens, Tshwane with his family. He met Mabunda whilst still a pupil at Jopie Fourie Primary School in Salvokop, Pretoria where they bonded while the Bafana Bafana midfielder was the U-13 coach for the school. “He took me under his wing as his younger brother and I was part of his foundation,” the Luthern Church member tells SunSport. “I went to varsity and I was playing for Tawana FC as a left-back. “I’d like to thank him for being a brother. He took me with my family and motivated me. He’s taught me to fear and worship God. He’s always there for me whenever I need him. “We all need guidance to make a difference. I took it from him and now I help other kids to push as well to be footballers.” Sete is currently a final year student at Pukke which he joined from Rosina Sedibane Sports School, and he plans on continuing with his studies next year by getting an Honours degree in Biokinetics or Physiotherapy. Mabunda says he sees life differently to other people. “I believe God has called me to be a solution, a helping hand to those who are less fortunate,” said Mabunda, while appreciating the compliments from Sete. Added Mabunda: “I coached him while I was still at Tshwane University of Technology (TUT) when I coached 13-year-olds. I was 19 years old at the time and he was 12, now he’s 23.” Lately Mabunda has been donating food parcels to stranded communities during this Covid-19 disaster period. “This is the time to think about those in need. I have people who were strangers to me before but now they have become close to me. “The people at my church, Sundowns, supporters have now become my family. I have a very large family that I love, it is only by God’s grace to assist each other. “People who make ends meet by selling food at schools and there is no income for them. “I am grateful to have helped families that we have located via the Tiyani Mabunda Foundation through the little that we have.” He said he has been the running the foundation from his own pocket for the past five years but “the project is now becoming very big and we welcome anyone who is willing to help in changing the lives of our people”. They have recently partnered with Gift Global Initiative, an organisation from the US as “we embark on venturing into other countries in the continent and all over the globe”. “This is an assignment from God to bring happiness,” said the beloved Sundowns midfielder. “I share what I have. God blesses certain individuals to help others.” Other projects that Mabunda’s Foundation helps with annually include assisting about 35 orphanages in Limpopo, helping the Nelspruit SAPS to curb crime and various prison projects to help rehabilitate inmates. “God will keep on providing for us to continue touching many lives. There is a saying that ‘if you continue seeking more you won’t get enough, but when you give more, then you will never run out’. “We will continue to give and hope God will help and we will never run out of our plans, and the ability to assist the communities at large.” Back to Sete, Mabunda prides himself that he took him while still in primary school and now is a top student at the university. He reveals: “They built Tawana under my supervision. He’s become an influential figure at varsity and a solution to the community. I assist them financially where needs be, it is their project. Just to make sure the vision continues. This is how we will live in a better nation and better world.”