Another Mpumalanga ANC MPL member has been implicated in a food parcel scandal.  The incident was captured on a video which is currently shared on social media.   A voice of a man can be heard on the video, where he is making allegations that food meant for the poor is delivered at Mkhatshwa's premises.  The man can be heard saying: "It's very clear, there is a truck, there's EPWP people, these people are out of order. They are taking food that is meant for people for themselves and their comrades."  The person further zooms in to show people wearing orange clothes at the back of the truck loading food in wheelbarrows.  Last month, ANC MPL Jeaneth Thabethe was also accused of stealing food from the poor after a SASSA truck was seen delivering food parcels at her house.  Mpumalanga EFF leader, Collen Sedibe said the incident clearly shows that ANC members don't listen.  "They are using this Covid-19 to campaign and steal instead of helping the people. They are defying the president's call that no politician should be involved in the delivering of food. We want to warn them that we know how they operate, and we will continue to monitor them under this Lockdown," he said.  Daily Sun contacted Vusi Mkhatshwa who said the food parcels delivered at his place were  not from SASSA.  "We are working very hard to assist our people during these trying times and bring the relief that they need. We try by all means to ask for donations from businesspeople to come in and assist," he said.  Mkhatshwa said the reason the food parcels were delivered at his place is because the constituency office was burnt during a service delivery protest.  "The only secured place with security is in my house. The people who donated the food requested to store the food at my house because there's security and there won't be any break-in,” he said.  Mpumalanga ANC Chief Whip Fidel Mlombo confirmed they have seen the video that is circulating.  "We have been trying to get hold of the comrade, I tried to call him today, but I couldn't get hold of him. Obviously, the process in the ANC is that we will call the comrade and ask him to provide his side of the story and after he has provided his side of the story, we will conduct our own investigations,” he said.  Mlombo said it was in the position of the provincial government that politicians must not deliver food parcels.   