   FROM the outside, the house looks like a good family
home with a huge yard. But on Thursday, the Hawks managed to expose what has
been happening inside the house back yard in Bloemspruit, Mangaung. Eight people were arrested after it was discovered
that the place has been used as a drug lab. Dagga to the value of more than R2 million was
confiscated. The police, Road and Transport MEC Sam Mashinini visited the house
in the plot area and he was shocked to see the plantation on Friday. He said he was hoping that the law will take its
course on those who were arrested. He was accompanied by Hawks officials and Free State
police commissioner Lieutenant-General Baile Motswenyane. There was dagga almost every part of the land in the
yard with some more inside the rooms and some hanging like biltongs on the
ceiling. The area was filled with dagga smell and there were
also machines to compress the dagga in the place Mashinini said: "I am happy that there are
arrested suspects and I hope the law will take its course. I am happy that the
community helped the police and that shows that we need each other to fight
crime. It is illegal to deal with dagga in South Africa. The relevant
departments will know what to with this place." Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said
Motswenyane visited a scene in Bloemspruit with the Bloemfontein Tactical
Response Team offering support to Crime Intelligence and Hawks followed
Intelligence-driven information on an alleged drug lab in the Bloemspruit area. "The units working together surprised eight
suspects busy hanging dagga at a smallholding. “Dagga plants and dagga refinery rooms were
discovered. It is estimated that dagga worth more than R2Million was found and
eight suspects aged between 22 and 52 were arrested and charged with dealing in
dagga. The case is investigated by the DPCI," said Makhele. Free State Hawks spokeswoman Lynda Steyn said the raid
and the arrests happened on the morning of Wednesday. Steyn told Daily Sun: "Eight suspects including a
woman were arrested after a search warrant was issued. The house belongs to the
52-year-old suspect. No cash was seized at the scene." The suspects are expected to appear before the
Bloemfontein Magistrate Court on Monday to answer on their charge of dealing in
dagga.