THE only thing that workers needed was to get answers from their employer but they ended up in jail. A group of unhappy workers from Shell Ultra City service station in Estcourt south of KZN decided to gather at their work place and demand answers from the employer today. This is because they didn't get their salaries for the month of April. The angry workers said they were supposed to get their monthly income on Thursday and when they didn't get it they inquired with their employer. They claim that their employer told them that he doesn't have money to pay them. But the workers said they were shocked when on Thursday night they heard that there were new people working at the service station. They told Daily Sun that they don't understand how people were employed while there was no money to pay them. They said today they gathered at the work place and demanded to see the employer so that he could explain to them how people were employed and working while they were told that there is no money.  One of the workers who asked not to be named said they are really confused about the whole thing. "We were told that there is no money so where the money to pay those that are now working come from," said the worker. Another worker said the employer must explain to them how other people got hired while they were still waiting for their salaries. "While we were waiting for the employer, cops came and arrested all of us," said. The workers said they don't understand why they were arrested because they didn't damage anything but they were just waiting for the employer to come to them," said the worker. SAPS National spokesman  Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo confirmed that Estcourt police arrested 41 suspects aged between 20 and 32 for contravening the Disaster Management Act. "They allegedly went to the service station management at the Shell Ultra City demanding their salaries," said Naicker. He said they were informed to return on Monday but they refused and remained at the service station. He said no damages were reported and no injuries were sustained. Daily Sun contacted their employer Thuthuka Makhanya and he didn't answer his cellphone. He then sent a text message saying that he can't answer the call. He asked to be sent an e-mail or WhatsApp. A WhatsApp message was sent to him, he read it but he didn't respond to the questions asked.