SWALLOWS FC coach Brandon Truter has described youngster Given Thibedi as “one of the best midfielders in the country” with all the attributes to succeed at the highest level. Thibedi is currently on loan at GladAfrica Championship promotion contenders Swallows from Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs until the end of season. When fit, the 22-year-old has been the first name in Truter’s starting X1, such has been his importance to the Dube Birds this season. He has played 19 out of 24 league matches for Swallows, scoring three goals to help them mount a challenge for the title and automatic promotion to the Absa Premiership. Truter insists that Thibedi has a bright future, if managed well. “The boy has got all the attributes that make a great midfielder,” Truter said. “He is a good passer of the ball, has great control, can play his game under pressure and has brilliant shooting ability. “Gift has very good awareness. He knows where he’s located on the field just about all the time and knows where his teammates are located. “He’s technically gifted and his vision makes him stand out from his peers. “He is one of the players I’ve been really impressed with since I joined the team. He’s definitely one of the best young players I have worked with.” Thibedi is already touted as a good long term replacement for George Maluleka at Chiefs, with the 31-year-old on his way to join Mamelodi Sundowns on a free transfer. Truter also believes Thibedi can step into those shoes in the near future, if give the opportunity. But he insists that he should not be rushed. “I hear a lot of people talking about him potentially replacing George (Maluleka). I think he has what it takes but you know, they shouldn’t put him under that much pressure,” added Truter. “He is developing well and is on his way to being a top, top player. If he gets the opportunity at Chiefs, I have no doubt that he will grab it with both hands. “But they should also be patient with him. I know it’s difficult to be patient at a club like that where instant success is demanded. ‘I think this season has been a big one for him personally, because I have seen him grow into more of a complete player. He’s not there yet, but it’s only a matter of time.”