WORKERS at the Great North Transport said since they were dumped by the company, things haven’t been easy for them. More than 70 workers claim the company lied to them when they sold a route to a new company, saying they’ll also be absorbed. They said they felt betrayed after serving the company with loyalty for many years. According to the workers, things started changing last year in October when they were told the company had sold its operational route of Mpumalanga to subcontractor Myboet Transport. Speaking to Daily Sun, a 53-year-old man said he worked for Great North Transport for almost 30 years but today he’s jobless and struggles to provide for his family. “We’re being sent from pillar to post by the new owner who has nothing to offer us. Our families are suffering and everyday we wonder where our next meal will come from, especially during this difficult time where the country is faced with Covid-19,” he said. He said the sacking of staff included drivers, technical services, bus washers, mechanics and office workers. “We served the company with loyalty but at the end they betrayed us,” he told Daily Sun. “The Great North Transport management confirmed that it sold the Mpumalanga operational route to Myboet Transport, who would take us in. But later the new bus company boss dumped us. Our families are starving as he refuses to provide us even with forms to claim for the UIF.” Another worker (47) said she has nothing to feed her family after the company dumped them. Great North Transport spokesman Patrick Monkoe said: “Subcontracting of the route in Mpumalanga which involved the transfer of Great North Transport employees was done in terms of section 197 of the Labour Relations Act, following thorough consultations with all pertinent stakeholders. “Any concerns that the employees have should be addressed with the new employer thorough the necessary process.” Daily Sun also contacted Myboet Transport spokesman Lucky Zitha, who said they haven’t dumped any of the workers as they are contracted to Great North Transport for the period of two years. “Our buses have stopped operating due to lockdown which has restricted us but as soon as the restriction regulations are lifted, we will resume with our operation accordingly. About the UIF, we have also processed their claims which are still pending,” said Zitha.