LIFE in the quarantine zone has been a bit tough for Bafana Bafana players who have been in isolation upon their arrival from Europe. But for the trio of Percy Tau, Bongani Zungu and Lebogang Phiri, the regular supply of bread and coleslaw at the facility is the least of their worries. They are set to exit the site this week, having gone through the mandatory tests to ensure they haven’t carried the deadly virus with from Europe. With football on standstill worldwide, overseas-based players have finally been able to fly back home and be with families under lockdown. “It’s good to be back home. But life in quarantine is tough without sushi and the other stuff athletes are used to consuming. We’ve had to readjust,” Zungu said in jest. “I know Mr President (Cyril Ramaphosa) is doing his best for the citizens under difficult conditions. I’m grateful that I’m being fed. But I can’t wait to be home.” As per the quarantine rules, the trio have not been able to interact in the facility, but they have been catching up through their phones, talking about future overseas moves. Zungu still has a year to run on his contract with French side Amiens SC, who have since been relegated to Ligue 2, after the leagues in France were cancelled. The 28-year-old would not be drawn on his future plans, but SunSport understands offers have been flooding in for the Bafana midfielder. Tau is faced with a different dynamic, unsure of where he will be playing his football once the pandemic gets controlled. The Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder is currently on loan at Belgium side Club Brugge, having spent his first season with Saint Gilloise in the lower Belgian league. He won his first league title in Europe after Brugge were declared winners of the Belgian Pro League. But it remains unclear where he will be playing next season, while also trying to meet the requirements to make his bow in the English Premiership. Phiri is set to leave Ligue 2 side Guingamp in the new season, with the German Bundesliga his likely destination.