Five cops have been temporarily closed in Western Cape
over suspected COVID-19 since yesterday. This takes the number of
affected cop shops to nine in April and May alone. Cops spokesperson in the
province Brigadier Novela Potelwa confirmed the developments and stated that
cops are now working at alternative venues. The affected cop shops are
Milnerton, Wynberg, Langa, Bredasdorp and Struisbaai. “Milnerton police station
relocated its community service centre operations to a building to next to the
station due to a COVID-19 related case. The decontamination of the building is
undertaken in terms of COVID-19 protocols. They are expected to return to the
station building on Sunday evening. Members who have been in contact with the
infected case are undergoing the required screening/testing and are
quarantined,” said Potelwa. At Wynberg police station the services cops moved
back into their building this morning after station building was decontaminated
due to a COVID-19 related matter. Langa cop shop is operating from a separate
building on the premises due to a COVID-19 related case.  Potelwa said the two cop shops in the
Overberg region are to be contaminated soon. “Bredasdorp and Struisbaai police
stations have relocated operations of their respective community service
centres due to COVID-19 related matters affecting the two stations. The
decontamination process of the two station buildings is scheduled to start
immediately in line with COVID-19 protocols(48 hours),” she said. Struisbaai is
now operating from the municipal building while Bredasdorp will use  Thusong Centre. “Members from the two stations who came in contact with
the infected case/s  will undergo the
necessary screening and/or testing,” she added. Last month the Cape Town
Central, Philippi East, Athlone and Hermanus cop shops had to close their doors
after cops tested positive. While briefing the Portfolio Committee on Police
earlier this week Major General Leon Rabie said 103 cops tested positive
through out the country. He said 2917 cops were tested, 1795 found negative and
103 positive while over 1000 cops were quarantined.