Music duo and twin sisters Anele and Neliswa Mxakaza are back in the arms of their first love – music. The pair have released a brand new single, Take Me Back. Anele and Neliswa first rose to fame as contestants on Idols SA in 2013, and they’re now called Amali. Speaking to SunBuzz, Anele said: “Take me back is a song that talks about the good old days. “We want people to reminisce about things they miss the most and remember people they might have lost in the past. It’s all about that special happy place.” The Durban-born sisters said their new stage name Amali, which means hope in Swahili, was given to them by their manager Luyolo Beku. They decided to go with it because it represents them well. “Throughout our journey we’ve encountered a lot of hardships, but we never lost hope that things would work out one day. “And that’s what we want to give to the African child and the rest of the world. We’ll be telling a story through our music, which can heal people.” The 25-year-old sisters said being back in the music industry was hard for them because of their past. “It’s been tough for us. Many people doubted us because of our past,” said Neliswa. “The things they heard about us made them reluctant to work with us. “But we believe all of that happened because it was not our time. “No matter how hard we tried to come back to the music scene, things just kept falling apart.” They said their journey after Idols SA wasn’t an easy one because things didn’t go as smoothly as they expected them to. “We thought things were going to be smooth but they weren’t,” said Anele. “We started realising the music industry is a different world from IdolsSA. “You’re no longer in a talent show with ready fans, but out in the jungle where you have to hustle hard for recognition and respect.” Their fans can expect a full album soon, but they will first release a lot of singles until they have created an appetite for the market to hold. “By God’s grace an album is coming soon and we can’t wait for it,” said Anele. “We’ve already worked on five songs with one of our producers, Nhlonipho Dlamini.” Their new single is available on all digital platforms.