THE PSL has served as a turf for some fierce tug-of-war battles for sought-after players in local football. Siphelele Mthembu might be the high profile subject, but he is definitely not the only player to have been caught in between the chequebook wars. SunSport picks five players: SIPHELELE MTHEMBU He debuted for Kaizer Chiefs in the high-profile friendly against Manchester United back in 2008. But the very next season, “Shaka Zulu” found himself in the rival colours of Orlando Pirates. The tug-of-war between the two sides, regarding the registration of Mthembu, resulted in the league’s DRC ruling in favour of the Buccaneers. It would take six months for Mthembu to officially join Amakhosi. ARTHUR ZWANE The legacy of Zwane at Kaizer Chiefs is undisputed. But things could have well turned out differently for the nippy winger, had he signed with Pirates at the turn of the millennium. Zwane became a subject of a tug-of-war between the Soweto giants, following his sizzling stint with Tembisa Classic. Both clubs claimed his signature and it would take an exchange deal, which involved the late Lesley Manyathela, for Zwane to seal a dream move to Amakhosi. LESLEY MANYATHELA The late marksman was hot property when Amakhosi came knocking at his village in Musina. His future seemed sealed and he had his jersey printed at Naturena Village. But when he woke up, Manyathela was a Pirates player, as a result of a tug-of-war. This had followed talks between the Soweto giants, which resulted in an exchange deal involving Zwane. ERIC MATHOHO It seemed the joke would be on Chiefs when they unveiled a mannequin instead of Eric Mathoho as they showed off their new recruits for the 2012-13 season. Negotiations were still underway between Amakhosi and Bloemfontein Celtic over the defender’s transfer. But the Soweto giants were confident they would beat Sundowns to their target. So eager were Brazilians to sign Mathoho that they sent a delegation to his family in Thohoyandou. But it seemed the wiry-framed defender had already made up his mind. And as they say, the rest was history. NYIKO MOBBIE In the case of Mobbie, it wasn’t just Sundowns and Pirates fighting to snap him. Two agents were quietly slugging it out behind the scenes, both claiming to represent him. Rush Hour Sports Management’s Ratshibvumo Mulovhedzi locked horns with Mike Makaab of ProSport International over the player. But Mobbie ended up signing with the Tshwane giants.