BANYANA Banyana defender Bambanani Mbane has taken to life in the Belarusian Women’s Football Championship like a duck to water. The 30-year-old, who has played three matches for her new side Dinamo-BSUPC, opened her goal account with a hat-tick in her side’s 10-0 win over Bostor on Sunday. Mbane joined the Minsk club during their winter transfer window and was handed the number 13 jersey, same as what she wears in the national team. She is the only South African in Belarus after the departure of Banyana Banyana duo Rachel Sebati and Letago Modiba, who have now found a new home in Turkey. They both play for ALG Spor. The Belarusian soccer league is one of the leagues in the world that was never stopped due to Covid-19. Her national team coach Desiree Ellis has not been surprised by Mbane’s fast start in Belarus, despite this being her first time playing abroad. “Bambanani is one of the most hard working players I know,” said Ellis. “We have been talking after every match. She is doing well and I’m not surprised because that’s just the type of person she is, determined to succeed. “It has been her dream to play abroad and at some point she thought it wouldn’t happen, but she kept pushing for it. “She has seen a lot of her Banyana teammates go abroad and succeed, and she really wanted the challenge as well. I’m happy for her. She deserves it. “Her progress over there, just like the other girls in the other European leagues, will inspire the next generation of Banyana players.” Mbane is the only South African player to have kicked a ball since the coronavirus pandemic gripped the world and halted sporting events. She is one of a number of Banyana stars currently plying their trade abroad along with the likes of Refiloe Jane (Italy), Thembi Kgatlana (Portugal), Linda Motlhalo (Sweden), Regina Mogolola (Serbia), Zanele Nhlapo (Albania), Rachel Sebati and Letago Modiba (both Turkey), Amogelang Motau (USA) and Ode Fulutudilu (Finland). “She is fortunate because she is the only one who has seen any action since the start of the pandemic,” added Ellis. “Obviously, other leagues have decided to cancel their seasons and others are still in the process of returning. “I believe we have to get back to the field soon when it’s safe for everyone. At the end of the day, human lives are more important than anything. So it’s important to ensure that we don’t endanger any lives once football returns in most parts of the world.”