Timing is everything. Allow me to take you to church for a bit. One of the wisdom books of the Bible, Ecclesiastes chapter 3 verse 1 beautifully says: "There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under the heavens." This verse touches an important aspect of time, which is something one must consider when they want to introduce their partner/s to their children. According to child psychology, children need time to adjust to their parents’ split or new found love, and it can take a year or two for them to get over anger, sadness, and other emotions. If you introduce your children to someone who you are dating casually, this may complicate their adjustment to especially if the matter has divorce to it. Psychologists also advise that a minimum of 6 months should be enough time for you to consider introducing your new partner to your kids. During this time, it is also important to consider quality or quantity. We often get sucked into the lavish gifts and social excitement that comes with a relationship. We need to be able to see beyond the material things as children force us to think about the future. Ii is also advised that you invite your children’s feedback for ideas about how and when they meet your new partner for the first time. If you’ve been dating someone for a while and feel relatively confident that you are heading toward commitment, talk to your children and explain that you are dating someone who you care about and that you’d like to introduce to them. Ask them if they have any questions. Keep the first meeting short and low key. Going to a restaurant or neutral spot for the first meeting is best. Ask your kids where they’d like to go and don’t invite your partner’s children to join you on the first few visits. Lastly, another important consideration when introducing your kids to a new love interest is their age. Younger children (under age 10) may feel confused, angry, or sad because they tend to be possessive of their parents. Renowned researcher Constance Ahrons, Ph. D, who conducted a 20-year study of children of divorce, concluded that most children find their parent’s courtship behaviours confusing and strange. To conclude, time, constant consultation with your children and the future of the relationship should be top of the agenda.   