Oris Mnisi It seems it doesn’t matter how many times the public is warned about investing in pyramid schemes because they continue to gamble with their hard earned cash anyway. This time, about 200 people were scammed thousands of money after investing in a pyramid scheme called Senusis Holdings (Pty) Ltd. It is alleged the owners have now closed shop and ran away with thousands from locals. On Thursday, locals had gathered at the offices in Acornhoek, Thulamahashe and Mkhuhlu hoping to claim back their money. But frustrated workers told them the boss had vanished into thin air since last Thursday with no trace. One of the residents Tebogo Seale (38) said her mother had also invested R60 000 and she was promised a profit amounting to R6000 every month. Oupa Mashego (50) a father of five, said he had invested R7000 last month. “I used the money that my wife saved from her salary as a domestic worker after realising I could get back a huge profit to assist my family since I’m currently jobless. I was promised I would get back R50 000 in the next six months,” he said. “I am still shocked after hearing the police were looking for the owners of this company.” Innocentia Muller (46) said she also invested R7000 on the first week of May for R50 000 profit in the next six months. “I was shocked seeing people with police at the premises on Wednesday saying the boss was on the run with our money.” Sun Team tried to get hold of the scheme management for a comment, but the attempts failed. "Our bosses had a meeting with a cop from Acornhoek and when the cop left, they quickly left too without saying a word. Later the Hawks arrived looking for them, but they were nowhere to be found,” said one of the staff members who asked not to be named. Police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi confirmed cases of fraud have been opened against pyramid investment scheme owners who are at large with undisclosed amount of cash from the people. “We appeal to all people who are victim to this, to report the matter at their nearest police stations or call Acornhoek police branch Commander Colonel Albert Manzini on 082 469 1031," said Hlathi.