HLENGIWE Gumbi is confined to her bed and unable to walk after she was hit by a car on 1 March. She said maybe she would be recovering well if it wasn’t for negligent nurses and doctors at RK Khan Hospital in Durban. Hlengiwe (38) from KwaNdengezi in Durban said she was walking on the pavement when suddenly, a car veered off the road and hit her. “I was rushed to RK Khan Hospital. But the nurses who attended to me didn’t do a gratifying job. My condition became worse.” She claimed doctors didn’t do a thorough check-up and they discharged her the same day. “I went back home but I couldn’t sleep as I was feeling pains. Blood started coming out of my mouth. My sister took me to a private doctor, who advised her to take me back to hospital.” Her sister Nokuthula Gumbi (35) said they admitted her to RK Khan. “They then took her to Inkosi Albert Luthuli Central Hosital, where it was discovered she had internal injuries and her spinal cord was affected. She was sent back to RK Khan, admitted for two weeks and then discharged.” Nokuthula said during Hlengiwe’s two weeks in hospital, there was nothing much they did for her. “She can’t walk. She is always sleeping. We don’t know what to do now.”  She said they bald the hospital because if they had attended to Hlengiwe in the first place, she might have received proper help and her condition wouldn’t have been worse. Captain Nqobile Gwala said a case of reckless and negligent driving was being investigated and once the investigation has been completed, it will be taken to court for a decision.  KZN health spokesman Ntokozo Maphisa said: “The department made efforts to contact the patient to address her concerns. But she could not be reached on her cellphone.” He said the department encourages people to immediately approach either the facility’s public relations officer, matron or manager if there are any concerns. But Hlengiwe said her cellphone hasn’t been switched off and no one from the hospital tried to call her or her sister as she registered her sister’s phone at the hospital.