THE SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) hope to finalise the arbitration of Ntambi Ravele, Gavin Crookes and Barry Hendricks before the end of the month. The trio attended their hearing on Wednesday, and will know their fate in the next few days. Ravele, a board member of Tennis SA (TSA), took TSA president Crookes and now suspended Sascoc acting president Hendricks to arbitration alleging political interference. Hendricks and Crooks are alleged to have blocked Ravele’s presidential candidacy in February. Ravele wrote a series of letters to Minister of Sports, Arts and Recreation Nathi Mthethwa to intervene. An independent advocate was then appointed to investigate her complaints and referred the matter for arbitration. Sascoc acting CEO Ravi Govender confirmed the trio attended the hearing on Wednesday. Said Govender: “Yes, I can confirm the arbitration process has started and we’re making progress. “We hope to put this matter to bed before the end of the month. It’s an independent process and, as Sascoc, we are not interfering with the whole process. “It’s still unfolding, and we want to allow the law to take its course.” Hendricks is facing another Sascoc investigation, for apparently abusing his powers as the head of the organisation. “Hendricks’ investigation is an internal matter and has nothing to do with the outcome of the arbitration process that he is attending,” said Govender. “While he is attending his arbitration, we are also busy with his internal process,” explained Govender. Cecilia Molokwane of Netball South Africa and Aleck Skhosana of Athletics SA were cleared to contest the Sascoc presidential elections last month after they took the SA Olympic body to arbitration. The Sascoc elections were supposed to have taken place on 28 March but were postponed.because of the outbreak of COVID-19 and the arbitration of Molokwane and Skhosana. “Sascoc will announce a new date for the elections because we want free and fair elections.” We are not in a position to say what will happen until the outcome of the arbitration,” Before her arbitration kicked off, Ravele vowed that she will take Sascoc to the highest court in the world, if she is not allowed to contest the Sascoc elections because she feels that she has been unfairly treated in the elections process. “Once the arbitration has been concluded, Govender insisted everything will be above board during the elections process.