IT’S claimed to be a miracle oil that chases away evil spirits and heals from the inside. Now thugs even used grinders to get through the casing of Eskom transformers at substations to get to the oil. The substation that supplies electricity to overhead train lines at Angelo in Boksburg, Ekurhuleni, is the latest target. The SunTeam saw oil spilled on the ground and found out a 340ml can of oil goes for R100 or more. On Monday, a security company was hired to guard the substation after two men sustained serious burns as they were stealing oil and cables from the substation on Sunday. Constable Ntsako Ledwaba of Boksburg East cop shop said perpetrators were stealing oil and cables from the substation. The mineral oil in the transformer is used for cooling. Daniel Sithole (40), originally from Mozambique, claimed sangomas used it to chase away evil spirits. “South Africans are aware of this, but people use it in some African countries,” he said. Alberto Nyunga (29) agreed it chased away evil spirits. But Thomas Mokone (34) said people believed in fantasies. “People rely on trains to go to work. This has to stop.” A sangoma in the squatter camp said he bought the oil to mix with muthi. “The oil chases tokoloshes and other evil spirits. It can also be mixed with other muthi for good luck,” he said. Sangoma Mahambangedlela from Wattville, Ekurhuleni, said she uses it to cleanse people who have bad luck. “We even buy it at the Faraday muthi centre in Joburg. We don’t know where they get it from. But it’s not right that people damage the infrastructure because residents will suffer blackouts.” Dr Sello Ntsoko condemned the practice. “We have received reports from patients who have suffered burns. The oil’s effect has not been scientifically proven.” Eskom spokesman Sikonathi Mantshantsha said they’ve seen an increase of theft and vandalism to infrastructure. “We urge communities to help us curb this practice.” He said they’ve increased security patrols to bring criminals to book.