DARK days lie ahead for football agents as they predict less commissions. Unanimously, they say there will be less commission on agents fees through the sale of players from one club to another. This comes as the whole world is battling to contain the COVID-19 pandemic that has seriously had a huge impact on clubs’ cash flows. This has led to the Premier Soccer League PSL to suspend indefinitely both its league in March - Absa Premiership an GladAfrica Championship due to the virus. With the Premier Soccer League suspended, clubs are counting their losses on sponsorships, gate takings and hospitality. And when things are clear and football resumes, the consensus is that the whole focus on clubs will be to put strategies in place to recoup the losses. Agent Jazzman Mahlakgane, who made his name when he was a representative of Teko Modise, Siphiwe Tshabalala, and currently represents Themba Zwane, agrees the pandemic has affected everyone. “We’re not affected differently from others. We’re all in the same boat,” The problem we are facing now are the problems others are facing,” Mahlakgane said. “It’ll be worse if the season is postponed or held. If that’s the case, I’m not so sure clubs will be signing players under which conditions.” Sizwe Ntshangase, who is Sifiso Hlanti’s agent, said as a representative, he is fearing the worst. “We’ve been suffering, but with this coronavirus pandemic, it is going to get worse and more difficult,” he said. “We used to speculate that this transfer window would be busy, but it was not to be. Sometimes, it only gets busy during those major last-minute major signings. “If you’ve noticed, the busy transfer windows are long gone, when Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs were buying players, SuperSport United winning three league titles on the trot and afterwards sell players, Bidvest Wits buying and selling.” But Ntshangase reckons things could still change. “But this will also depend on you, as an agent, on what do you have. If you can have top five players, then that means you’ll be busy. But if you don’t, then you won’t be busy.”