THEY are the PSL golden oldies and some are probably looking to hang up their boots at the end of the season. But it appears the likes of Siyabonga Nomvethe (42) Thabiso Semenya (37) and Moeneeb Josephs (39) will be robbed of their swan song by the Covid-19 outbreak. Already, veteran midfielder Letladi Madubanya has called it a day after announcing his retirement from football a couple of weeks ago. SunSport reporter takes a look at some of the Premier Soccer League (PSL) players who are in the twilight of their careers and might go out with a whimper instead of a bang if they are to retire at the end of the season. Siyabonga Nomvethe After not getting much game time, Nomvethe could reconsider his decision and go for retirement. Bhele, as he is affectionately known, came out of retirement to join GladAfrica Championship side Uthongathi FC alongside Thanduyise Khuboni in January. With the league being suspended by the coronavirus he did not get a chance to play in the second round. However, it is not yet clear if the Bafana Bafana legend will hang on for another season. Moeneeb Josephs The veteran AmaZulu goalkeeper/assistant coach is the longest-serving player in the Absa Premiership. He is one of the oldest players registered in the PSL this season. He will turn 40 on 19 May. Last season the former Orlando Pirates goalkeeper made only six appearances. He last played at the end of August. In February he was appointed to back up Ayanda Dlamini as assistant coach after the removal of coach Jozef Vukusic who was placed on special leave, and could continue with coaching as he admitted that is what he wants to do. Rooi Mahamutsa The 37-year-old defender is currently with Ajax Cape Town in the GladAfrica Championship. He joined Ajax in January to bolster the club in their promotion case. He penned down a short six month deal after spending the first round of the season without a club. Thabo Nthethe Before joining TS Galaxy in the Championship, Nthethe had been without a club since leaving Chippa United in 2019. Like Nomvethe, the Bloemfontein-born player has not featured much for Galaxy. Jabulani Maluleke Mavotja (38) as he is known, remains one of the most consistent players in the Premiership. His coach at Polokwane City, Clinton Larsen believes that his captain still has what it takes and he can play until the age of 50. However, Larsen said the technical team will have to be careful when playing him. In one of his interviews with SunSport, Mavotja, who has two league titles he won wonwith SuperSport United in 2009-10 and 2010-01, said he is not considering retiring yet. Other players who matured with age and are still going strong include Thabiso Semenya (37), Reneilwe Letsholonyane (37), Bevan Fransman (36), Elias Pelembe (36), Morgan Gould (37), Greg Etafia (37).