FOR the longest time, the Joint Liaison Committee (JLC) has remained dysfunctional and existed merely in name. This has been a result of years of bruising battles, frosty relations and animosity between Safa and its special member, PSL. But the crisis facing football as a result of the Covid-19 outbreak, appears to have given the committee, which is made of officials from the two organisations, renewed vitality. From the endless club-versus-country sagas to PSL’s reluctance to release players for anything other than official Fifa-sanctioned international fixtures, the two football bodies have seldom seen eye to eye (The two could well be in the middle of bloody war over the release of players for the Tokyo Olympics). And this has largely been to the detriment of football... the grass suffers when two elephants fight. Safa invariably found themselves running to “big brother” Fifa to get the PSL to toe the line on various issues. It is a battle which left Thulas Nxesi befuddled when, then a sports minister, attempted to resolve the lifelong impasse through government legislative options, ostensibly at the behest of Safa. Soon Nxesi realised the regular circuses in cabinet were nothing compared to the challenges facing football in the country. It is, however, encouraging to see the two organisations set aside egos and join forces for the benefit of football in these trying times. The JLC met this week to look into the possibility of the country resuming with football activities. They have even appointed a task team to study the health risks involved. The final report will be handed to Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa, who has pleaded with the organisations to work together and come up with a single position for government to consider. I’m well aware that the pretentious smiles and elbow greetings between JLC members may well have been smoke and mirrors. I bet you not too many people know how to pretend quite like football officials and politicians. But still, local football could well reap some benefits from the coronavirus crisis, and that is unity being forged between two warring football controlling bodies. The task team, made up of medical doctors and CEOs from both sides, will report back to the committee in 14 days. Only then, we will all have a clearer indication of when exactly football activity can restart. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso