The dedicated Eastern Cape cops forgot about criminals
for few minutes and turned to midwives in Baviaanskloof. They helped a young mother to deliver her baby after an
ambulance took long to arrive. Colonel Sibongile Soci said, "On Wednesday morning,
at about 1:40am, the acting Station Commander of  Baviaanskloof cop shop Warrant Officer Heidi
Kroutz received a call that a pregnant woman, Raymene de Villiers (22) from
Damsedrift farm in Baviaanskloof was bleeding. The officer called the ambulance
services in Willowmore but was informed that both the ambulances were out. She
then contacted the Community Service Centre and informed them to advise the
family to take the woman to hospital with their private transport." But the family could not find any transport. At around 3:30am she was again informed that the woman
was experiencing labour pains and the ambulance was still unavailable. As a concerned police officer, Kroutz decided to go to
the Community Service Centre to make alternate arrangements for medical
assistance. She was then informed that an ambulance will be
despatched to the farm. As this is a rural area and the time was certainly a
major factor at this time, W/O Kroutz, knowing that it is about 87 kms from Willowmore
decided to personally go out to Damesdrift the farm. She was accompanied by Constable Goodwill Brandt from the
Community Service Centre. "On arrival at the house she found the heavily
pregnant woman on the bed writhing in pain and another older lady sitting on
another bed. She examined the pregnant woman and found that she was in advanced
labour. She knew that she must act and prepare herself to deliver the baby who
was ready to enter the world not a minute later. The contractions were severe and
been a mother herself, W/O Kroutz knew it’s time for delivery. As this was the
woman’s first child,  W/O Kroutz managed
to calm the woman and guided her through every step of the delivery while at
the same time encouraging her.  What
seemed liked hours of pain were forgotten when the tiny screams were heard just
as the paramedics arrived. They just separated the mother and baby by cutting
the umbilical cord. The brave and exhausted Warrant Officer cleaned and wrapped
the baby girl before handing her to the paramedics who took mom and baby to the
hospital. Due to a perfect delivery, they were discharged the following
day," said Soci. Provincial Commissioner, Lieutenant General Liziwe Ntshinga
applauded the cops. “The actions of these members is a true reflection of
altruism.  W/O Kroutz and Const Brandt
sacrificed their time and didn’t think of themselves instead they put the
welfare of others before their own. Their actions are commendable and I am
proud and honoured to have such dedicated members in this Province who never
hesitates to help in any situation and will even go beyond their call of
duty."   