SOME couples are lucky to be in lockdown together, while others were caught off guard and found themselves separated by the pandemic. We had a chat with sexpert, Dr Eve, about how to make your relationship work, regardless of the lockdown regulations. Many people have expressed mixed emotions about not coping with the distance. One man made headlines when he was caught trying to sneak his lover from one province into another. Dr Eve said there’s no need to be frustrated and try to break the rules, as other couples apart are finding new ways of flirting, communicating and making love. “Using tech to talk for longer periods than they might haveface-to-face, this brings another level of what is called “hyper personal intimacy”, a deeper level of sharing and disclosing.” This allows for a sexual longing that is very erotic as it requires sharing what one really likes sexually and even showing. But she was quick to caution couples to be aware and set boundaries and allow no recording of any sexting, to avoid trending for all the wrong reasons. “But being apart can add more conflict, especially in couples who have a highly conflictual relationship, due to jealousy, one partner being anxious generally.” Dr Eve said these couples should learn what each needs, as in how often they want to communicate, how much alone time each one requires without the other one harassing or adding pressure. “It’s a challenge not knowing what your partner is doing when you’re away from them when there are trust issues or past infidelity,” said the doctor. Sunday Sun spoke to a few men, who are on the verge of ending their relationships because they can’t deal with the pressure from partners who feel neglected. Dr Eve said not so fast, try sexting, by using only emojis, . But consent should be asked before sending pictures with agreements that they won’t be shared.) For more information on Dr Eve’s sexting tips, email dreve@dreve.co.za or visit www.dreve.co.za “But seriously they have to know this may happen”. She said texting can be just descriptions of what they like; for example “I love the way you touch my breasts... it would be even nicer for me if you added this is in or rather did this ... “ “I think it is such an important issue, it is all about safety and security, trust and values between a couple.. for both couples locked down together and apart”, she said. She said use this time to assess whether you have the same values, how much do you both value personal and communal safety and security?