THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) and the country’s controlling body the SA Football Association (Safa) will have crunch talks today when they meet in a joint liaison committee (JLC) meeting at Safa House to discuss when the current season can be finalised. This comes after experts from the ministry of health submitted their recommendations to the PSL and Safa to consider before football can resume. “We were involved in terms of providing technical information,” said the department’s Popo Maja. “But it is now the sport organisations that will be talking as we have done our part in giving them recommendations. I can’t go into details about the recommendations. It’ll now be dealt with by Safa, PSL and the department of sports.” The PSL suspended the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship in March due to the coronavirus outbreak. Fifa, the world football controlling body, indicated that leagues around the world must obtain permission from their respective governments before they can resume. The JLC is chaired by Safa president Danny Jordaan, and includes Safa vice-presidents together with members from the PSL. It does not include government departments. They will now deliberate over the recommendations from the health department to formulate a way forward, and then report back to Sports Minister sports, Nathi Mthethwa, to get permission for local football to restart. It’ll be interesting to see what comes out of today’s meeting as the two organisations have been at each other’s throats since football was suspended on 16 March. However, Mthethwa organised a meeting between Jordaan and PSL chairman Irvin Khoza recently in order for the two bodies to work together during this crisis for the good of the game.Khoza said in March they hoped to finish their programme on 30 June.New Safa acting CEO Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe, whose association have made it clear that local football can only resume when lockdown restrictions are at Level 1, said: “After the meeting (on Tuesday), the PSL and Safa will then agree on how to address the government (ministry of sport).”