 Can't get to your barber? There is no need to shave your beard just yet! With FINO Man you can keep your beard looking good and well maintained even without shaving and trimming. Here are some Tips to achieve a healthy and moisturised beard 01 – Patience Having a healthy beard doesn’t happen overnight. It takes patience, care and good grooming.  02 – Keep your Beard Fresh and Clean Though beard oils and balms work wonders, they could end up being ineffective if the beard is not washed properly. It is important to keep your beard hygienically clean, Make sure to use a face wash designed for use on beards. This ensures that the beard and the skin beneath it stay clean and healthy without getting dry and flaky. A good wash removes dust and other dirt that may make the beard itch or smell. When washing, soak the facial hairs and the skin in the wash and gently massage to remove the sticky dirt. Rinse with warm to cold water and gently towel dry. This helps avoid breaking the weak hair strands. Routine beard washing gives your beard a fresh feel and smell and encourages a stronger beard. FINO MAN Gel Face Wash – R75.002  03 Caring for your Skin underneath your Beard If you find your skin beneath your beard is starting to become sensitive, dry and itchy, then you can definitely benefit from using a treatment mask. If you have a beard on the fuller side and wondering how to get underneath there, not to worry! Apply the mask over your beard ensuring contact with the skin and rinse with cool to warm water after the recommended time.  04 – Shaping and Styling the Beard When your beard becomes longer and trimming is not an option. It can be hard to control and style the beard. Your beard may not look as groomed as you would like it to be. Using beard oil can be the right solution to tame and shape your grown beard. Beard Oils made from natural ingredients gives a light hold and keep your beard well shaped and styled, while maintaining a natural look. A part from being a perfect beard controller, beard oil is also a source of nourishment for facial hair – allowing you to care for your beard. 05 – Beard Oil Give your beard necessary attention and you will be rewarded with a healthy, well moisturised beard. Without attention yoiur beard may actually irretate your skin and also look, feel and smell unattractive. The skin under the beard can ecome dry and also may be hiding ingrown hairs. This causes the skin to become itchy and red. The dry skin flakes may show on the beard and resemble beard dandruff. The beard hairs can also become dry and brittle. Remeddying this requires moisture, a good cleaning and regular brushing. Regualr washing with FINO Man Face and Beard Wash is the fisrt step to grooming your beard. Use this soap free gel daily morning and evening and make sure to rinse well.  Follow up with FINO Man non-greasy Beard Oil. The beard oil should be evenly applied from the base to the edge of the longest hair strand to keep both the skin nad the beard moisturized. Natural beard oils are more than just moisturizers as they nourish and soften the beard making healthy and shining at all times.  Daily application of beard oil also provides nutrients and minerals that trigger beard growth giving you a thick and long stranded beard. FINO MAN Beard Grooming and shaving Oil – R75.00   06 – Combing Your Beard  After a couple of months of beard growth you can start with regular combing/brushing. This keeps the beard neat and encourages hair strands to grow in the same direction. It also removes any loose strands as well as some of the superficial dust.   The above tips will assist with keeping your beard looking good and well maintained even without shaving and trimming.  Now you can get FINO MAN delivered to your Door! Visit our newly launched Online Store. Bump free skin is just a click away!    