By Luvuyo Mehlwana Four East London police officers in the Eastern Cape have been arrested for business robbery. An integration of intelligence led team comprising the Anti-Corruption Investigators and Directorate for Priority Crime Investigations, pounced on the four police officers attached to K9 Unit on Sunday following a business robbery incident which was reported to have taken place on Wednesday the 29th April at Business Premises in Fleet Street. Provincial police spokesman Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana said the suspects’ cellphones as well as a sum of R10 000 cash were seized as part of the ongoing investigations. "Preliminary investigation suggested that the four constables had visited the business premises in Fleet Street as part of their work and following a fabricated allegation of sale of alcohol," he said.  "It is alleged that on entering the premises, in full police uniform, they handcuffed the owner and led him to a point in his house where they conducted a search. They later threatened to charge and detain him for keeping a large amount of money in the business premises and for this, they extorted an undisclosed amount of money in order to save himself from detention." Later on an armed robbery was reported in the same business premises allegedly by eight unknown male suspects, three of whom were dressed in police uniform. Kinana said that during the incident, an undisclosed amount of cash was taken. The investigation also revealed that the suspects had demanded a bribe and further threatened to arrest the owner for money laundering. "In the early hours of Sunday, the Anti-Corruption Team in concert with DPCI conducted an operation which included searches in the houses of the suspects. About four suspects were interrogated and in the process, a sum of R10 000 cash including their cellphones were seized as part of the ongoing investigations. "The suspects, aged between 25 and 35 have been charged for aggravated Robberies, corruption, Kidnapping and defeating the ends of Justice. They appeared in the East London Magistrate Court on Monday and are appearing again today for a formal bail hearing. Investigation continues and more arrests are expected," said Kinana. Provincial Commissioner, Lieutenant General Liziwe Ntshinga following the arrest of four constables said “The system is ready to flush-out all those who render themselves irrelevant in our calling to serve and protect our communities with dignity, professionalism and ethical conduct." "The police is not a habitat for criminal elements masquerading as loyal police officials. Therefore, the long arm of the law must take its course. We are not apologetic about our stand in this regard," she said