All nationals, who have been repatriated by the South African government, have been advised that if they wish to return abroad, they can do that after the lockdown is lifted at their own cost. This was said by the Minister of International Relations and Cooperation, Naledi Pandor, during a media briefing on Thursday. She said it was important to note that whilst the government is facilitating the return of their nationals, should they wish to return abroad after the lockdown is lifted, the government will bear no cost thereof. Pandor was giving an update on the repatriation of stranded South African citizens abroad. She said her department has facilitated the repatriation of 5 239 South Africans stranded abroad. She said the number was more than the initial 3 637 people who had requested repatriation. "We implemented this process to assist our nationals who were in distress, they included, those stranded at airports, students who were asked to evacuate their places of residence as many countries were implementing their lockdowns, the elderly and those who needed medical attention," she said. Pando said the process of repatriation was not easy, given the various restrictions implemented by countries across the world. She said the process involved a lot of negotiations with multiple stakeholders, which explains why they couldn’t repatriate some as speedily as they wished. "To properly coordinate this process, my department established a Command Centre, which operates 24 hours a day to help those who were unable to reach our missions abroad," she said. The Minister said the repatriation of South Africans was a humanitarian mission that is coordinated by the National Joint Operational and Intelligence Structure (NATJOINTS) with the guidance of the National Coronavirus Command Council (NCCC), chaired by the President. She said South Africans abroad requiring repatriation have been encouraged to contact their embassies to enable the department to assess the demand in each country. "In the coming days and weeks, we are going to continue bringing our nationals home. “This will include from the United States of America, Russia, Vietnam, India, Qatar, and the United Kingdom, etc. "The Department is aware of many other South Africans who remain stranded abroad and continues to appeal for their patience as we explore and negotiate ways of bringing them back home," she said.