AL-Imdaad Foundation with Platinum Cash and Carry gave food parcels to mothers in Karlien Park informal settlement near Rustenburg on Sunday. As part of celebrating Mother's Day. Most people who live at this informal settlement survive by temporary jobs. The lockdown has made it difficult for them to feed their families. Annah Morake (49) said that she was very happy, "I appreciate the help are receiving. Life has changed for the many of us here. Surviving without any income is hard. And Since it is lockdown and we can't go anywhere, it's even harder." She said they appreciated anything. "Nothing is small for us because we don't go to bed angry." Rachael Mompati said the food parcels will help them. Since we are not working its difficult to survive. I am grateful to God for this kind people who think about us in this time. May God bless them. AL-Imdaad foundation Chairman Farouk Saloojee said they are always taking care of the needy . Giving is part of their beliefs as the Muslim community. He said they have been helping out in this community since lockdown started and with the lockdown, they know that times are touch and that food parcles can go a long way. "We have donated masks, gloves, beds and over 2000 food parcels." "Today we are here again, to give ours mothers something to eat as we celebrate Mother's Day. Mothers play an important role in our society," he said. He also acknowledged the people in this community for their patience and cooperation as they have been adhering to the President's call. "We understand is not easy. But they have been listening to the government the and following regulations." Arif Shaikh, owner of Platinum Cash and Carry in Mogwase said that they were trying to assist in every way they could to help poor community during the lockdown. "Platinum Cash and Carry has donated food parcels in many communities around Rustenburg." "We are trying. This is not the government's fight alone. Together we can help stop the spread of COVID-19," he added. 