PITSO Mosimane is still over the moon with the new bumper four-year contract he has penned with Mamelodi Sundowns. The deal means he could complete a decade as coach of the Brazilians and extend his record as the longest-serving coach in local football. But things could well have turned out differently for “Jingles”, had he not recorded some of the era-defining victories over the course of seven years. Here are five of Mosimane’s significant wins: Just days into his new job, Mosimane faced what seemed a mammoth task of fixing the mess left by Johan Neeskens and guide the star-studded, yet underachieving Brazilians out of Absa Premiership relegation danger. Victories over University of Pretoria, Moroka Swallows and Platinum Stars ensured the team finished in ninth spot. That would be the start to four league title successes. Beating Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates remains an ambition for any coach in the PSL. One can only imagine how sweet the 2015 Knockout final win over Amakhosi tasted for Mosimane. One could say it was sweeter than his first cup success with SuperSport United back in 2005. It was unthinkable that knives could be out for Mosimane after he delivered the league and Nedbank Cup in two-and-half years. But winning every game is non-negotiable at big clubs and so, Jingles travelled to Potchefstroom in September 2015 for a league fixture with Jomo Cosmos under immense pressure as some called for his sacking. Needless to say Downs went on to win the league with a whopping 71 points. “How many coaches?” Seven international coaches came and left without delivering what club boss Patrice Motsepe craved for... Champions League glory. And so, as the story goes, Mosimane not only delivered where his predecessors failed with the Champions League. He also added the Caf Super Cup, the two titles which rank among his biggest achievements as a coach so far. Yes, he could not bring the second Champions League star, but thrashing Al Ahly 5-0 in the 2018/-9 quarter-finals remains the biggest and most memorable win in Mosimane’s career. The Egyptian mummy sat right on top of the pyramid that day. But significantly, the win ensured Mosimane widespread acclaim on the continent where he is now revered.