THE future of South African athletics looks bright as there are a number of athletes on their way up from whom much is expected. Here is a look at a few youngsters who have the world at their feet. SINESIPHO DAMBILE The 200m sensation has taken the junior sprint world by storm, in particular the 200m with a best of 20.32sec. He has caught the eye with his breath-taking displays and has been tipped to be one of the best in the near future. “My spirit keeps me going, I want to be the best while focusing on my studies on the other side,” the soft-spoken young man told SABC. Dambile’s breakthrough came in 2019 when he ran his career best time and made himself a force to be reckoned with. “It was a good time, but I realised later in the year, I think, at the African Championships, that I can go better than that. But it was too late for me because I had to go for the world relays in Japan to show the seniors that I am the future and I will also be the best in the world. “I wanted to show the world that I am here, I’m one of the youngsters. As you know the likes of Clarence Munyai and Akani Simbine started here as well but look where they are today, I am taking notes from them and also looking forward. The Olympic Games is the big one for me, it will change my future.” LYTHE PILLAY The South Africa 400m junior champion is another rare talent on the rise. He had an injury ravaged 2019 but still managed to come out on top with his dream still intact. Perhaps his biggest advantage is the good and calm head on his shoulders. Pillay looks up to the likes of Wayde Van Niekerk and Akani Simbine but hopes to surpass their incredible achievements. “You never know what comes your way in the future but of course one thing I know that will stick with me forever is my work ethic. I will continue to work hard,” said Pillay. “I plan on doing the best I can, but I can’t say this is where I will be in ten years. My dream is the world record.” KYLE BLIGNAUT The 21-year-old World Junior Shot-Put champion of 2018 is a goal driven young man who has the Tokyo Olympic Games in his sights. He is determined to transition into a senior athlete with ease, having proven to be a world beater at junior level. Blignaut had a plan to approach the Olympic Games which were initially scheduled for this year. However, he will have to change his plans with the Games now set to take place next year due to the Covid-19 outbreak. Nevertheless, Blignaut believes he can adjust well enough. “That’s not a problem for SA athletes, we don’t have a lot of competitions anyway. I don’t think the lack of competition before the Games will be much of a problem,” he said.