The sudden halt of the PSL due to the deadly Coronavirus pandemic might have hampered some player’s momentum, but Kaizer Chiefs striker Lazalous Kambole is certainly not one of them. The 26-year-old Zambian International was having a season to forget, struggling to make an impact for his new club. Since making the switch from Zambian giants Zesco United, Kambole has failed to find the back of the net for Amakhosi in 12 appearances in all competitions. And the Amakhosi faithful, who were expecting big things from their new man when he joined, were beginning to get a little impatient with him. Although his general play has been promising, this is usually not enough at a club as big as Chiefs where players are expected to hit the ground running. But the Covid-19 enforced break in the season, is something that could prove to be a blessing in disguise for Kambole as it offers him time to reflect. He will be determined to return a different player when the season resumes having had time to get back to the drawing board. He is currently training as hard as he possibly can even under the lockdown regulations to ensure he is in the best shape when he returns. He has admitted, however, that it has not been easy. “I am doing well under the circumstances we find ourselves in,” Kambole told his club’s official website. “I don’t think anyone can claim to be happy in this period. What I can say is that I am working hard to be strong. “Training alone is not enough to keep match fit, however, it is important to stay physically and mentally fit under guidance of the trainers. When we get allowed to get back to the pitch, we will catch up with ball work and take it one step at the time.” Kambole says the lockdown has taken its toll on him as he misses the feeling of playing in front of supporters in the different stadia in the country. He is also one of many PSL foreign players who are without their families during this difficult time which makes things even more difficult. But he remains positive. “It was a shock and difficult at the beginning to be in lockdown, but now I’m trying to cope. It remains difficult but with the kind of support that we receive from the Club, I am confident that together we will survive this difficult time. Remember football is our career, now we can’t play matches which is causing us anxiety.” 