Even though the country is in crisis, some people want salons to be part of essential services while some think salons should be the least of Mzansi's problems. Certain individuals and Beauty therapists think salons are very important and should be opened during this national lockdown. According to Nomasonto Mngwevu who's been a  beauty therapist for seven years, salons have been practicing safety precautions even before the Covid-19 pandemic. She said hairstylists and everyone who works at salons have been using gloves and always have sanitizers at their disposal. "I don't understand why the president won't let salons open. I think the government should look at how salons have been operating and make a decision based on what they see," she said. Nomasonto also told Daily Sun that if government is afraid of social distancing, the procedure of setting up appointments can be implemented in all salons. "Beauty therapists work with appointments all the time. They can at least limit the number of people coming in per day, not completely closing down them down. Let's also keep the crisis of job loses in mind," she said. Beauty therapist, Moipano Mokhali said beauty therapy goes beyond beautifying an individual. She said it's therapy and makes people feel great about themselves. "Some people even become depressed when they don't have their desired look. Salons always practice hygiene and it's nothing the government should worry about about. Lockdown won't end anytime soon and salons should be opened," said Moipone. Andile Nonyana said his afro and beard do not look cute anymore. He also said he doesn't understand why salons are not among essential services. "Staying home doesn't mean that we have to look unattractive please," said Andile. Samukelo Khumalo said she's tired of going to work looking like a mess. She emphasized that salons should be classified as essential. "We all know when when a person looks good, they feel good. Please allow them to go back to work. We really need them," she said. Teddy Shongwe said she's been home but she's tired of feeling like she's carrying a bush on her head, her dreadlocks need urgent attention. "My hair needs to breath and I need to show it off. Salons are essential, please do the right thing Mr president," she said. Meanwhile, the law is being enforced in all parts of Mzansi and those who're not complying will face. SEE POST BELOW: 