SUPERSPORT UNITED CEO, Stan Mathews, finally confirmed at the weekend that Thabo Qalinge and Thabo Mnyamane will be free agents at the end of the season. Mathews ended speculation over the duo’s future when he confirmed Matsatsantsa a Pitori wouldn’t exercise the option to renew their contracts, together with left-back Ndivhuwo Ravhuhali. Qalinge played only 82 minutes in five matches in all competitions this season while Mnyamane had a mere 79 minutes on the pitch in three league games. The last time Qalinge had a run was on 19 January, when he played only 10 minutes as SuperSport lost 2-1 to Tshwane rivals Mamelodi Sundowns in an Absa Premiership match. On the other hand, Mnyamane lasted for nine minutes the last time he kicked a ball, when Matsatsantsa beat Chippa United 1-0 in a league match on 21 December. Having signed Stellenbosch winger Iqraam Rayners on a pre-contract, Mathews emphasised they have enough cover on both the left and right flanks, where Qalinge and Mnyamane operate. “Qalinge and Mnyamane have options on their contracts, but we haven’t exercised them which means they’ll be free agents at the end of the season. “We signed Rayners from Stellenbosch and haven’t made any moves for players. Qalinge is a good young lad, but we didn’t see enough of him. “He was unlucky with injuries in the beginning, and when he settled in he only came on as a substitute. “There was nothing much from Ravhuhali. “Mnyamane had a run with injuries in the last two years.” Mathews said Qalinge and Mnyamane had stiff competition from Guily Manziba, Ghampani Lungu and Evans Rusike to break into coach Kaitano Tembo’s starting line-up. He went on: “Manziba can play either on the right or left flank. We brought in a foreign citizen as we didn’t get enough locally. We also have Lungu and Rusike. “With Rayners, who can also play both flanks coming in, it would have been difficult for them to break into the team.” Mathews revealed the forced break due to the coronavirus pandemic gave Tembo enough time to assess footage of players they intend signing ahead of the new season. “We know which players we want and the break gave our analyst and Kaitano more time to watch each player closely in about 24 games. “They collected more data studying players from the PSL and other foreign leagues.” Mathews is confident Tembo will help them finish the season within the top four.