Being a
mom is probably the toughest job in the world. Moms are nutritionists,
healthcare experts, homeschoolers, workers, cleaners,  comforters,
advice-givers and coaches. This year has been particularly tough and mothers
have borne the brunt of lockdown. In 2020, more than ever, our moms need
to be made to feel extra special. Finding a way to make this happen is going to
be harder than ever.  Mothers-day.co.za is here to help you with thoughtful ideas for mom, even in
lockdown. Now in its third year, mothers-day.co.za also returns with an even
bigger prize up for grabs,  valued at over R100 000! A lineup
of big brands have come on board to support mothers-day.co.za, including Warwick Wine Estate,  Travelstart, UCOOK, Freedom
of Movement, NOMU, SweepSouth and Orms. Visitors to the website stand the chance of winning a
variety of products and gifts from the brands valued at over R100, 000, as well
as gain valuable tips, insights and information to help with gifting and
spoiling South African moms, this Mother’s Day.  #TheFirstLady
prize package includes: ·  
      Cleaning vouchers from SweepSouth
valued at R12 000! ·  
      A shopping spree from Freedom of Movement valued at
R12 000! ·  
      Supper is sorted with UCOOK
vouchers for a year valued at R12 000! ·  
      Stock your pantry monthly with NOMU treats for a year valued at R12 000! ·  
      Delicious First Lady Wines from Warwick for a year valued at R15 000! ·  
      What about that holiday? Travelstart is giving the #FirstLady
7 dreamy days in Mauritius valued at R40 000! ·  
      And… to make sure those memories last a lifetime, Orms is gifting a FUJIFILM X-T100
camera + XC15-45mm Lens, valued at over R10 000!  In
addition, this year Mothers-day.co.za
has also adopted Orange Babies. It is
a South African NGO that helps support women in vulnerable communities to take
care of young children and babies that are infected with HIV/AIDS and have
either become orphans or whose parents are too sick to take care of them.
Mothers-day.co.za has chosen to highlight and support the Orange Babies Yabonga project
where these women open up their own homes and support the children.  Now
there’s no excuse, get online today on Mothers-day.co.za
- and plan the perfect thank you for Mom. Click here to watch video.