 THE coronavirus has sent the world into a tailspin. Many industries across the world have had to shut down to adhere to lockdown regulations that were implemented by governments in order to fight the virus. Jaguar Land Rover has today released the first Range Rover made under new social distancing. Jaguar Land Rover Executive Director, Manufacturing Grant McPherson said: “Seeing the first Range Rover come off our line today is a defining moment for Jaguar Land Rover, for all of us who work for the company and the many businesses in our supply chain. "It marks the end of our temporary shutdown and signals the beginning of a return to normality. But, of course, this is a new normal. “People will be experiencing many emotions, ranging from worry about hygiene to relief at being able to return to work and excitement at seeing colleagues again.  "The health and wellbeing of our employees has been our primary concern in the build-up to this point. Throughout the coming months, I know that as a team we will do all we can to ‘stay safe. Be kind. Stay well’.” In addition to new measures onsite, colleagues will be asked to take additional actions before returning to work.  These include completing an online clinical questionnaire, signing up to a health and wellbeing charter, and monitoring their temperature at home before each shift. Jaguar Land Rover’s Chief Medical Officer Dr Steve Iley said: “We have been going through unprecedented times and my thoughts are with everyone who has been impacted by Covid-19, as well as with the healthcare professionals, whose role fighting the coronavirus is appreciated around the world. “Clearly the health, safety and wellbeing of the Jaguar Land Rover family is our primary concern. We have developed the most effective protocol and guidelines so that our people feel reassured about coming back to the workplace. “Our measures are based on extensive medical and operational review, including lessons learned from our teams in China and Slovakia. We continue to monitor the Covid-19 situation, following the guidance of all relevant authorities in the markets in which we operate, and will adapt quickly as that guidance changes.” Production of Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles has also resumed this week at Nitra (Slovakia) and Graz (Austria). Last week the team at the Engine Manufacturing Centre in Wolverhampton (UK) began building Ingenium engines again to enable the gradual return to vehicle production. Manufacturing will resume at Halewood (UK) on 8 June, starting with one shift. Small pockets of business-critical activity are taking place at Castle Bromwich as Jaguar Land Rover prepares for new model year introductions. 