SOUTH Africa Under-23 national team coach David Notoane has admitted that he faces a pleasant selection headache ahead of next year’s Olympic Games. Notoane had already started the selection process for his squad before the outbreak of the coronavirus. And all that was halted when the IOC and the Japanese government decided to postpone the Games which were due to start this July. The Games have now been rescheduled for 23 July to 8 August 2021. Fifa, the world football controlling body have extended the age limit for the men’s football tournament from Under-23 players to 24. The amended rule retains the original stipulation regarding teams being based around players born on or after 1 January 1997, but given the Olympics’ move to 2021, this now means older players will be allowed to participate. It means players eligible for the intended under-23 tournament in 2020 can still play in Japan at age 24 next year. Notoane believes he has enough players in his pool that are capable of representing the country with pride. “In my preliminary squad, I had almost 80 players on the list and all those are different generations,” Notoane said. “Remember when I announced the preliminary squad it was ‘future Bafana Bafana players’ so in any case, we will be good.” With that being said, Notoane is aware of the young talent that keeps on raising their hands such as Bongokuhle Hlongwane (19) of Maritzburg United who was not drafted in the preliminary squad. Notoane also insisted that players will be selected on merit also confirming that there could be changes from the squad he selected early this year. He added: “We must leave this thing of selecting players because of their status, big names who cannot win us anything. This one period is exciting for me, we will need to have the best players.” The 16 men’s teams that qualified for the Games can each also select three over-age players. Notoane had already selected the likes of Percy Tau as part of his allowed overaged players. Now it remains to be seen if there would be any changes next year when he selects the final squad.