“I AM sitting at home comfortably with my sweetheart and daughter Laiza (7),” this is how Highlands Park striker Tendai Ndloro is spending the Covid-19 forced football break. Though busy with Owen Da Gama’s training programme while at home, Ndoro has made a controversial statement saying the Absa Premiership must be cut short and the trophy handed over to log leaders Kaizer Chiefs. Much as there has been a debate on the matter, whether the season must resume or should just be ended, Ndoro’s pick of the easy way out for Chiefs and already those within the top eight bracket, will not earn him friends. Football fans have been divided across the country toying around with options – whether to cut the season short, hand the trophy and the R15 million over to Chiefs, or to continue with the season after Covid-19 and go for play-offs – all those suggestions will be driven by the containment of Covid-19. “Look at where we are now. The President (Cyril Ramaphosa) said the coronavirus peak is yet to come, so we might as well end this thing and give the trophy to Chiefs,” Ndoro said, without mincing words. “We are talking about people’s lives now. Forget football and look more into saving lives. It hurts me the most watching in the news every day about people dying of this pandemic. “What is important should be human life first. It’s not nice my brother. This thing (coronavirus) is not going away anytime soon. We must just protect ourselves. Football is a contact sport and even if you can play behind closed doors, that would still pose serious threats. “There is nothing that we can do except to give up and acknowledge Chiefs as winners.” Ndoro has not been a regular in Da Gama’s team but he can be lethal when given an opportunity. When asked to rate his performance during this season, the Zimbabwean was reluctant to give a clearer answer. “If I was playing regularly then I would be telling a different story. Like every player, we all want to play. But there is nothing that I can say now. We all need to play, but only coaches know and have the power,” he said.