VETERAN poet, writer Joseph Motlhasedi Ntsime well-known as
JM Ntsime will be buried on Saturday at Legkraal cemetery in Moruleng outside
Rustenburg, North West Ntsime died peacefully on Sunday at his home in Moruleng
surrounded by his family, JM Ntsime was a retired teacher. The author in Setswana Literature he wrote books such as
Lerato ke eng Se se jeleng rra, Pelo e ja serati, Kobo E ntsho, Matlhotlhapelo,
Matlhasedi amongst many others. Ntsime was a family man, a father to seven children, nine
grandchildren, and one grand-grandchild. He was the 10th child of 11 children. Speaking to Daily Sun his third child, Kabelo Ntsime (58)
said his father was a humble man who valued education. He was very religious, a leader in the church, many people
thought he was a pastor by how he preached said Kabelo "He loved writing and reading so much that even in his
last days he would buy different newspapers very day though he didn't have the
strength to read them. Kabelo said that his father was a quiet man and full of
humility. Ntsime respected people regardless of who or what they did,
conversations with ordinary people came effortlessly to him. "He could help even on days he didn’t feel well. When
learners came to seek assistance with assignments, he would never send them
back because he was not well. He always tried his best to help especially when
it came to education." "Physically you could tell he was old, but his mind was
still sharper than ever,” he said. The family is not puzzled about how this pandemic will affect
the funeral because their father was very quiet and enjoyed his peace. The fact that we are forced by lockdown to send him off
without a huge gathering is something he could have loved, a blessing in
disguise indeed," explained Kabelo. Added that Ntsime was a non-smoker, didn't drink alcohol at
all, this time somehow reflects who he was. "We will miss a lot of things about him. All our
memories of him are full of laugher. He liked making jokes. It was fun being
around and we learned a lot. Work ethic and humility are values we will take
from him" Kabelo said they will adhere to the lockdown regulations. “We
will not take any chances. My father was respected, and we will respect the law
in his honour." 