POLOKWANE City striker Charlton Mashumba says Rise and Shine fans will see the best of him when the Absa Premiership season re-opens after the coronavirus crisis. The Premiership and GladAfrica Championship have been suspended due to the outbreak of Covid-19. The 27-year-old has been one of the key players for coach Clinton Larsen this season, despite the Limpopo-based side entrenched in the relegation zone. But the Zimbabwean international, who has netted six goals this season, said City fans have not yet seen the best from him. “I am happy with my performance but I believe I could have done better,” said Mashumba. “But the only problem I have is the position of the team. I think we could have done much better. But we are going to give our lives for this club when we the season resumes. “As for me, I am pleased with my contribution but I believe I will do much better. “It’s tough now to train alone because of the lockdown. But I am doing the best at home and I feel fine. All you have to do is to be professional and work as hard as you can using what you have to stay fit.” The former star of GladAfrica Championship side Jomo Cosmos, who joined City in 2018 from Ezenkosi, believes City could have been in a better position if Larsen was placed in charge earlier. The 49-year-old Durban-born coach replaced the sacked Zlatko Krmpotic in December. “I like Larsen very much,” explained Mashumba. “Larsen is a good coach who knows how to get the best out of players. He (Larsen) is a very fair and straight forward coach who wants us to give our best at all the time. “Since he took over the team, we have been playing good football and I think we were unlucky in matches we lost or drew. “I also think if he took over the team earlier we could have been talking a different story regarding the position we are in. “I think we could have been fighting for a top eight position like last season.” Mashumba said those who think City will be playing in the Championship next season will eat humble pie, come end of the season. City are currently 14th on the log with 23 points – the same as Baroka FC and AmaZulu, with six matches remaining. They are only three points ahead of the bottom side and their Limpopo rivals Black Leopards.