HIGHLANDS Park boss Sinky Mnisi is delighted that the Ekurhuleni Municipality has continued to deliver on its promise to help reconstruct Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa. The Tembisa-based side have enjoyed support at the 10 000 capacity venue for the past six years, and have turned it into their slaughterhouse. But the management almost moved the team from their loyal fans as the stadium was not up to PSL standards, and the club sought support from Mayor Mzwandile Masina’s municipality. The municipality has so far played a crucial role to ensure the club continue to entertain the community of Tembisa by repairing the floodlights, renovated the VIP plus media suites and paved the area where the broadcast TV trucks park. Said Mnisi: “I think after so many cries it’s important to thank the people, the mayor (Mzwandile Masina) and a very special lady Zanele Katembo, who has taken over as an HOD (at Department of Sports Arts and Culture). She promised that this issue will be dealt with and she definitely delivered. “I would like to thank all stakeholders of Ekurhuleni involved in upgrading the venue. The paving is done, the trucks can park and more of our games will now get televised.” Mnisi revealed that the next phase of the project is the extension of the perimeter wall, renovation of the main grand stand and also shelter it, and installation of seats. However, the club’s shareholder could not reveal how much money was spent or allocated for the entire project. Said Mnisi: “The project will go step-by-step as per priority. I am just disappointed that the coronavirus has halted the work. But this is the start of many good things that are coming to this facility like putting proper seats for people to enjoy the game. Within a year or two,you will see a different Makhulong Stadium. “As a team that has been loyal to the municipality, there is no bigger match that has been taken out of Ekurhuleni, we have always played our games in Tembisa and we appreciate their effort in helping the people. “They normally say bring football to the people and not take it away. We will always remain in Makhulong and that’s where we belong.”