BEING a captain is more than just about wearing the armband, it’s about leadership on and off the field, and inspiring your teammates to go the extra mile. Since the formation of the Premier Soccer League in the 1996/1997 season, several captains led their teams into the history books. Here are our five top captains, who wrote their names into their teams’ hall of fame:and played for their teams’ badges. Michael Manzini – Mamelodi Sundowns Manzini was not the one to shout at his teammates. He simply led the way and they followed. The ex-footballer spent his entire career at Downs and captained one of the most talented teams in the history of the PSL. He wore the armband when the nine-time Premiership champions started their league dominance and became the first team to win three league titles in a row. He also represented Bafana Bafana and is, without a doubt, a Brazilians legend.He was forever reliable and unsung hero in the Brazilians teams. He played over 250 matches and won lots of trophies at the Tshwane-based giants. Lucky Lekgwathi – Orlando Pirates Lekgwathi played more than 300 matches for the Buccaneers. He scored a couple of goals and played a huge role to motivate the team to win trophies. He led Bucs to a back-to-back treble, and it was not an easy feat to captain one of the most talented squads in the league at the time. Lekgwathi’s contribution and hard work for the team won’t go unnoticed. For many years, he was the pillar of the Soweto giants.Since he hanged up his boots the club is yet to pick up a trophy. The tough talking defender was the epitome of what Bucs stand for. Edries Burton – Santos Burton’s famous number 23 jersey number was subsequently retired to honour the club’s legend. Burton led from the front and will forever be remembered for his outstanding leadership qualities on the field of play. Santos, nicknamed the People’s Team, were perceived as a small team in the PSL. But with Burton and his never-say-die attitude, he led them to the Bob Save Superbowl title in 2000, followed by the Premiership title in 2001. He later captained the Cape Town-based outfit to the top eight and Absa Cup, now known as the Nedbank Cup. Ricardo Katza – SuperSport United The retired tough-as-teak defender was the heartbeat of SuperSport United. Katza lifted all Matsantsantsa a Pitori’s three league titles and served with distinction. He was not one to talk, but did most of his talking on the field.He won’t just be remembered as someone, who led the Tshwane-based giants to many trophies, but he inspired many youngsters to dare to dream. Neil Tovey – Kaizer Chiefs Captain Fantastic. There are many words to describe Tovey and his type of leadership. HTovey was an inspiration to the club and country. Most will remember him as the first captain to lift the Africa Cup of Nations with Bafana Bafana on home soil in 1996. Tovey also gave his all for the Soweto giants. He often popped in goals and defended like his life depended on it. He won countless trophies with Amakhosi. and he showed the youngsters that one can play the game for a long time when they are disciplined.