FORMER South African Under-20 coach Thabo Senong is on a mission to improve his new side, the Lesotho national team. The Pimville-born mentor, who had a successful stint with Amajita helping them qualify for two Fifa World Cups and two Africa Cup of Nations tournaments, wants to replicate that success with Lesotho. And he believes the key to improving the Likuena outfit will be exporting more of their players to Mzansi’s top tier, the Absa Premiership as well as the GladAfrica Championship. Senong is not happy with the amount of Likuena players who currently ply their trade in Mzansi and other leagues around the world, and insists it’s important that they start exporting more talent. He believes having more players who play consistently in some of the best leagues around the world, will make Lesotho a much stronger outfit. At the moment, they only have five players in Mzansi’s first and second tier. They are Bloemfontein Celtic striker Motebang Sera, Black Leopards midfielders Tumelo Khutlang and Tshwarelo Bereng as well as Motlomelo Mkhwanazi and Nkoto Masoabi, who play for Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and Real Kings in the Championship, respectively. Senong believes this is not enough: “Lesotho has very talented players and they follow South African football a lot. “In a normal set-up. Lesotho should have exported many players to South African clubs, but maybe the challenge is lack of exposure, lack of live television coverage of matches and not having South African scouts coming to watch the Lesotho Premier League matches. “The majority of players in Lesotho do not have good player agents/managers who can market them and facilitate transfers. “I will be happy to see more players from Lesotho moving to South African and Europeans leagues.” But fortunately, Senong who is known as a long-time student of the game, knows what needs to be done to help players from Lesotho get more opportunities abroad. “We need more soccer academies for early development. We need player agents in the country. We need to invite scouts to watch our league matches, and we also need South African teams to be our guest teams in some of the football events we have in Lesotho,” said the 39-year-old mentor. “The players must also come to the party and make the right sacrifices because a lifestyle of a professional footballer at the highest level demands lots of discipline, a proper diet and extra training.