ALL sporting codes have been suspended around the world, including bodybuilding competitions. But madala Calvyn Fortuin (80), from Heidedal in Mangaung, is not demoralised as he said he will keep training and staying fit until the lockdown is all over. Madala, who will be turning 81 in November, said he was looking forward to receiving a call from any bodybuilding competition, but Covid-19 had stopped participation. When the SunTeam visited him on Wednesday while he was busy pumping iron he said he is still ready for any competition to show those younger than him how it's done. He showed the SunTeam leg presses where he used his feet to lift 90kg of steel ten times. He also did ten wheel rolls and he said he is still ready to compete and bring more trophies home. Calvyn said he is bothered and worried about the lifestyle that the youth of today are living. He said: "I don’t drink alcohol and never even smoked in my life. This has helped me to live a healthy life. I'm still going strong. I just hope that the youth of today could see that one can survive without smoking and drinking alcohol. I started with bodybuilding when I was only 14 and my late father Pieter Fortuin used to ask me to lift heavy things like cement. “I have won many competitions and I don't feel like stopping training." He said he was hoping to participate in some bodybuilder competitions this year, however, it won’t be possible because all sporting codes have been suspended due to the Covid-19 pandemic. He added that he will keep on training and won’t retire soon. “Asking me to stop lifting weights is like asking the birds to stop flying. This is my life," said Calvyn. He said he won his first title in 1964 and he defended it for three years in a row. "I have won Free State title and I became both Mr. Free State and Northern Cape, which is something that until today, has not happened. I had six brothers who have all passed away. I'm still fit, flexible, and strong, more than a 25-year-old.  “It will be my pleasure to see a lot of youngsters coming to my house and asking me to help them with bodybuilding. But they should for now respect the national lockdown and stay at home," said madala. Neighbour Daniel Smit (29) said madala was an inspiration. "He respects all the people he meets. He is not a bully and now I believe when they say going to gym gives one discipline. He has few youths that he trains and I hope that one day government will give him a bigger place and equipment," said Daniel. Calvyn said his biggest dream was to see youth participating in sports and avoid drugs, alcohol and cigarettes. 