A TRUE soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him. This is the situation for one of Mzansi’s most decorated boxers and reigning International Boxing Federation (IBF) flyweight world champion Moruti “Baby Face” Mthalane. Every time the hard-working pugilist steps inside the ring, he gives his best for his family and supporters. The KwaZulu-Natal boxer said his family and fans are the driving force behind his successful career. Despite his great talent and dedication, Mthalane’s boxing career was never smooth sailing. It has been hampered by inactivity and losing his world title outside the ring due to sport politics. “Every time I go to the battle I always think about my family and boxing fans. For their unwavering support I want them to be happy. They have been on my side since day one, so I don’t want to disappoint them. My family has played an important role throughout my boxing career and I’m proud of them,” said Mthalane. According to the seasoned campaigner, boxing is one of the toughest sports. An athlete cannot succeed without a strong support structure. In 2014 the hard-hitting Mthalane was stripped of his IBF flyweight title after he pulled out of his mandatory defence against Thailand’s Amnat Ruenroeng, citing a “pauper” purse. Before bouncing back to the world stage and winning the International Boxing Organisation (IBO) flyweight belt, he spent a year in the boxing wilderness. In 2018, the 37-year-old fighter outpointed US-based Pakistan boxing star Mahammad Wassen to reclaim the IBF flyweight crown in Kaula Lumpur in Malaysia. Since then, the South African road warrior has become a familiar face in Japanese boxing circles, defending his crown there twice in a row after his first defence against Masahiro Sakamoto in Macao. The veteran boxer, who has been giving young fighters a run for their money, was named South Africa’s 2019 Sportsman of the Year after beating other local talents including the multiple Olympic medallist Chad le Clos. Mthalane became the first boxer to earn that distinction. The clean living athlete, who was given a customised IBF championship ring after three successful title defences, said he misses being in the ring. He was scheduled to make his ring return last month or this month, but all those plans fell away due to the coronavirus outbreak. Mthalane, who is the only credible world champion in SA, wants to unify his title with the World Boxing Council title holder Julio Cezar Martinez. “I miss being in the ring. Fighting is my livelihood but safety comes first. We’ll wait until Covid-19 is over. “I’d like to fight the WBC champion but only if money is good,” said Mthalane.