 When it comes to body wash, people are usually looking for something soft, nourishing and moisturising - especially in the winter months.  With so many products on the market catering for all sorts of skin characteristics, it is hard to decide what might be best for you.  In most cases, consumers open the cap in-store and smell, with fragrance playing a role in their decision.  While fragrance is so important for the shower experience, Claire Bowen from Shower to Shower says there are a couple of other factors to take into consideration. She lists four below: pH (potential hydrogen) Balance No, it’s not a buzzword, normal healthy skin has a pH range of 5.4 to 5.9. These levels can be maintained by using a pH balanced body wash. pH balanced body wash products can reduce symptoms of dry and irritated skin, and play a role in keeping your skin healthy. Choosing the right formula Shower gel or moisturising body wash? The key to this decision is understanding your skin. Shower gels are refreshing and good for normal to oily skin types that don't experience skin sensitivity, while moisturising body washes are good for normal to dry skin types and people looking to get moisturising benefits in the shower with milder formulas. All Shower to Shower body wash products are enriched with tissue oil and multi-vitamins – making the decision to opt for a liquid product that much easier. Natural and herbal ingredients Natural ingredients create magic when it comes to softening dry, flaky skin, keeping your skin feeling smooth and supple all-day. The Shower to Shower Fresh Escape body wash comes with Aloe Vera extract which helps to soothe the skin with its natural hydrating properties. These additional ingredients have a revitalising herbal fragrance which helps to start the day right. Packaging and convenience Packaging is our first introduction to a brand, however, we need to look beyond cool and attractive aesthetics. Packaging should be user friendly and solid enough to survive slips and falls. Bottles need to have a great texture, be leak-proof, water-proof and portable which will enable you to carry to the gym or in a toiletry bag. Take your time to select the product that suits you best, and serves your skin well. For more information like Shower to Shower on Facebook and Instagram.