IT’S official, the SA Football Association (Safa) has terminated their relationship with Siyaya TV, a product of the Siyaya Media Network, which owns MojaLove on DStv channel 157. In a deal that was reportedly worth about R1 billion when it was initially signed in May 2014, it was money wasted as Safa said the broadcaster failed to meet all the contractual obligations six year ago. At that time, the Siyaya TV, under MojaLove’s chief executive Aubrey Tau, made an application for a broadcast license but it was not approved since they had no infrastructure in place. While Siyaya was battling with their internal issues, Safa moved on to renew working relationship with its free-to-air broadcaster SABC to 30 April 2018. Safa said in a statement that they found it was a “sound business decision to cancel the contract with Siyaya”, as it had no capacity to execute “our contract due to their lack of the free-to-air broadcasting licence”. “At the time of cancelling the contract, Siyaya had not broadcast a single match for Safa because they do not have the infrastructure. Up to this day, Siyaya does not have the broadcasting equipment and infrastructure,” said Safa in a statement. “Siyaya’s financial model was based on selling set-top boxes. They were not awarded the tender for set-top boxes, therefore, they were not going to be able to meet our broadcast contract.” At the time of the agreement between Safa and Siyaya, SABC’s contract with the national football body was due to expire on 1 May 2015. “It is illogical to say Safa lost money by cancelling the Siyaya TV contract. In fact, it’s important to point that the deal enabled us to bargain with the SABC. “Our last contract with the SABC, before Siyaya TV contract, was worth around R50 million per year,” continued the statement. The Siyaya TV deal was to see Siyaya TV televise all Bafana Bafana and Banyana Banyana games, as well as all Safa-related football leagues and magazine programmes. As the statement said, none of this was fulfilled.