AFTER a successful amateur boxing career, skilful fighter Jackson “M3” Chauke graduated to the paying ranks, with the hope of achieving his childhood dream to become a world champion. If only wishes were fishes...Unfortunately, wishes are not fishes, where we’d all cast our nets. Despite his automatic boxing skills and a mean punch to send his opponents to the canvas, Chauke’s career has taken longer than anticipated to reach its peak. As a former Olympian and Commonwealth silver medallist, he shouldn’t have to starve for action on the professional ranks. He was Mzansi’s only boxer to represent the country at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games boxing ring. Some of the boxing stars of recent decades launched their careers on such amateur international platforms, but Chauke’s career was hit below the belt with inactivity. Between 2014 and 2016, he only fought once. “When I came through the professional ranks I had career goals, unfortunately things didn’t go they way I had anticipated. My aim was to win the national belt first, make a few defences before campaigning internationally, and eventually get a shot at the world title. “I started well in the paid ranks, establishing my name, but the wheel of fortune turned against me,” he said. “After my failed attempt to dethrone Lwandile ‘The Angel’ Sityatha of his SA flyweight crown in 2013, most of my fights were cancelled at the 11th hour. “Being a professional boxer in South Africa has its fair share of challenges, irrespective of how talented you are, inactivity affects you. “We battle to get sponsorships, on the other hand tournaments get cancelled and we’re left with no income.” The former amateur star won his first ring accolade two years ago when he knocked out Sihle Jelwana to claim a less recognised World Boxing Federation international belt. Last year at 33, he added the South African and World Boxing Council (WBC) international flyweight titles to his trophy cabinet. Chauke recorded a ninth-round knockout victory against Thabang Ramakgole to annex the vacant national belt in April last year. Three months later, he knocked out Jelwana for the second time to successfully defend the SA crown before dethroning Russian prospect Mekhdi Abddukshedov of his WBC B-grade belt in September. His impressive professional boxing record speaks volumes about his ring pedigree. Chauke has pencilled 19 victories, one defeat and a draw. According to the fighter from Tembisa in Ekurhuleni, life has improved for him recently, as his manager/trainer, Damien Durandt, has secured a sponsorship for him.