DESPERATE times call for desperate measures. Former World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African featherweight champion, Rofhiwa “War Child” Maemu, has tapped into the online fitness business to earn a living during the national lockdown. The fitness instructor was doing home workout with his clients before the coronavirus outbreak. Since travel restrictions were introduced as one of the measures to curb the spread of the virus, he now trains his clients online. “With the lockdown that has put a halt on gatherings, I had to be smart and find a way to continue earning a living while I was staying safe at home. “I’ve introduced online workouts for my clients to maintain their core fitness during this difficult time and they’ve welcomed it. “I don’t have to travel to them, they stream it from the comfort of their homes,” said Maemu. The skilful fighter connects with his clients via WhatsApp or Zoom. He has a link he shares and the session can begin. According to the Soweto-based but Limpopo-born fighter, he feels fortunate to be able to work while his counterparts are idling at home. In 2018, the dedicated boxing sensation enrolled for a fitness instructor course, to be able to keep the wolf at the door when he doesn’t have fights After completing the course, the young entrepreneur established War Child Mobile Boxing and Fitness. The 28-year-old pugilist said hardships of depending solely on purse money led to him establishing his own fitness business. “The life of a boxer who depends only on fight money for survival is very tough in SA. “A boxer ends up taking wrong fights because they want to put food on the table,” he said. Maemu, who is also a former African Boxing Union featherweight title-holder, said having income outside boxing has helped him not to jump at every fight opportunity offered to him. The former International Boxing Organisation featherweight contender hopes to add the national crown to his ring accolades. The hard-hitting warrior has shared the boxing ring with some of the best in the boxing fraternity, including unbeaten Russian prospect Shavkatdzhon Rakhimov and Azinga Fuzile.