A survivor is still shocked after she was shot and injured when unknown suspects stormed their home. The 45-year-old woman from Qoloqolo village in Mthwalume south of KZN survived when the thugs entered and attacked in their home on Sunday. Her father (71) tragically died in this incident. She said her family of eight members were sleeping when they were suddenly awoken by a group of about ten armed suspects who came and broke the door. "We all ran into our father's bedroom. They opened fire at us. I then sustained a gun shot on my arm. My father was also shot and he died," she said. The incident comes after four other incidents in the area where people were killed and things such as TVs were also stolen after the group of about ten  thugs entered their houses. These attacks and five deaths in this village happened in a period of two months. The minister of police Bheki Cele paid a visit to this village today (Friday) after he received a call from concerned villagers. Cele said he got the call on Sunday and thought it was important for him to visit the area and also meet with the affected families. "I received a call from different concerned people. They told me about the killings of the five people in this village. We heard that people are worried about the fact that there is no police station that is close to them," said Cele. He said today they will leave 25 cops that will be patrolling the area. "We will also leave an inyala (Police car) where residents can go and get help from," he said. He said these thugs also went to the Mthwalume High School and stole computers that they had donated to the school in February this year. "I heard that they said they want the computers that we donated at the school in February this year," said Cele. He said so far two suspects has been arrested and one of them was found with things that were stolen from the houses they broke into. "We are still going to arrest more suspects," said Cele. A family member (49) who lost her mother and sister said they are grateful that the minister came. She said but they are all scared that the suspects will come back. "We would be happy if we could be built a police station close to us so that thugs wont do as they please," said the family member. The family member said they are happy that two people have been arrested. However, Cele also visited the shopping centre in this village where he saw that some people dont wear their masks. He said they were carrying the masks in their pockets. "I think people still need to be educated about the importance of wearing masks.