FAF du Plessis has no intention of hanging up his bat and disappear into cricket oblivion. Speculation has been rife that the former Proteas captain could call time on his international career after he stepped down as captain in all three formats of the game, back in February. But he is not going anywhere. Instead, he wants to help build the next group of leaders for the team and be part of the Proteas’ rebirth. He also agreed that the Proteas lost tons of experience, following the retirement of veteran stars such as AB De Villiers, Morne Morkel, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn and lately Vernon Philander. “We need to make sure we give the leadership some attention. It’s something that’s not there in South African cricket,” said Du Plessis. “A part of our culture is that we don’t seek help too often. We want to act like we’ve got it all figured out. But this is an opportunity to look at that and see how we can develop the group.” Du Plessis stepped down after the Proteas suffered a whitewash defeat to England in the festive Test series. Quinton de Kock has been temporarily slotted into the position, but that has not taken away the fact that the team is short of leadership candidates. “A lot of guys are relatively young in terms of leadership, and not a lot of them have captained a team,” Du Plessis explained. “It’s a great opportunity for five or six guys to build each other up and create a leadership core in the Proteas to drive the culture in the next few years. That’s something I want to be part of.” Du Plessis has also admitted he is missing the game, amid the coronavirus lockdown... and definitely the Proteas. “I still love playing for the Proteas. I find myself wanting to play for the Proteas, wanting to do well and being able to add value,” the 35-year-old said. “My communication to Cricket SA is that I was still extremely motivated to continue playing for the Proteas in all three formats. “This time away from the game has made it clear to me that the hunger is still there. I love playing for the Proteas. I’m looking forward to getting back to training.”