HEALTH Minister Dr. Zweli Mkhize has set the record straight on levels for hotspots. On Tuesday an old slide was presented stating hotspots would remain at Level 4. “That slide is now outdated and was inadvertently included in a presentation that had been updated. The slide was part of a presentation previously done by the health department before the NCCC resolving on the final approach to be adopted for the country, which was subsequently announced by, President Ramaphosa,” Mkhize said in a statement. He said this note seeks to clarify the enquiries received. We confirm that the whole country will move to Alert Level 3 on the 1st June 2020 The government has taken measures to identify areas that have been defined as epidemiological hotspots. “As clearly explained by the President in his speech, these are areas that have more than 5 infected people per 100 000 population, or areas where the infections are increasing at a fast pace. “As it stands, the government has immediately taken steps to intervene in areas that are regarded as hotspots by deploying experts and specialists who will implement measures to curb the spread,” added Mkhize. He said these areas also require heightened levels of tracing of contacts of positive patients, ensuring that those who are positive remain in quarantine/isolation, and those who cannot self-quarantine, are accommodated in quarantine facilities provided for by provinces. This will limit the risk of further infection to other members of the communities, including their families (community transmission).  Mkhize said: “This, therefore, means that as the whole country moves to Level 3, there will be a constant assessment of every area and its rate of infection, in which case, further containment measures, and restrictions may be considered.” “If the spread of the infection is not contained despite the above-mentioned interventions, the government will decide on whether to return that specific area, to Alert Level 4 or 5. “This will be done rapidly and, in an effort, to contain and manage the spread, and also to ensure that our health facilities are not overwhelmed by the rapid rise of positive cases in that area.”