WHAT team does Samuel Julies play for? That could almost be a quiz question to a person who does not follow the GladAfrica Championship. Julies, who showed so much potential when he was promoted from the Mamelodi Sundowns Academy to the first team in 2011-12, is currently in the books of University of Pretoria. He was part of the Downs team that demolished Kimberley side Powerlines FC 24-0 in the Nedbank Cup Last-32 in 2011-12 season. On that day, the then 21-year-old netted twice to give a glimpse of what he is capable of. However, due to many reasons which he couldn’t reveal, Julies is yet to reach his potential. At 29, Julies remains hopeful that he will make his Absa Premiership return as he stated: “I have unfinished business in the PSL.” The plucky striker admitted that he never reached his best level while he was still in the top flight with Sundowns and Chippa United. However, that is not something he dwells on as he is eyeing a return to the Premiership. “Every player wants to be in the top flight, especially if you have been there before. “You have experienced how it is there and you know that is where it is all happening. Maybe with AmaTuks (winning promotion or the play-offs) or maybe if I get signed by another team in the PSL. “But I am confident that I will bounce back.” Julies, who is one of the few players from Kimberley including Cape Town City midfield maestro Surprise Ralani, is well travelled. He he has also been in Cape Town with Ajax under coach Muhsin Ertugral. Julies said he enjoyed working with the Turkish-born coach. “I have had great spells in all teams I have played for. It is just unfortunate that I could not stay longer at Chippa. “When I was settling (in), the chairman (Siviwe Mpengesi) told me I will be going to Ajax in a swop deal that saw Bantu Mzwakali coming to Chippa,” Julies explained. “Sundowns was like home to me. I grew up there and made my professional debut with them, but I had to leave to get game time and I have no regrets in all the decisions I have made.” This season, he has played an influential role in AmaTuks and he believes they still stand a chance to play in the promotion/relegation play-offs when the league resumes. Both the Premiership and Championship were suspended in March due to the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus. AmaTuks are seventh on the NFD table, 14 points behind leaders Ajax with six matches remaining.