TSHAKHUMA Tsha Madzivhandila players have made a strong allegation that the Limpopo club did not pay them their monthly salaries for April. Now they claim to be struggling to make ends meet during this terrible period of Covid-19, where sport has been halted in the country since March. The GladAfrica Championship side were supposed to have paid their player salaries last week but nothing has come into their bank accounts, according to a player who refused to be named in fear of being victimised. This is despite the Premier Soccer League (PSL) having lived up to its promise and paid all GladAfrica Championship clubs their R500 000 monthly grant. SunSport spoke to TTM players who are hopping mad that life has been tough since the beginning of the lockdown, and now it’s gone worse with the club not having paid their salaries. Said one player: “We don’t have money to buy food. We starve to death. Our management is not saying anything. The only way to survive is to make a plan as a man. “To be honest, these guys don’t care about us. They are sitting at home with their families while we starve. We have been fighting for this club in the league. But despite the coronavirus pandemic, they don’t show any love to us.” Another player added: “I can’t afford to pay rent. If I don’t get paid this week, I might be kicked out to the streets.” TTM chief executive Sello Chokoe described the claims as nonsense. According to the former Baroka FC coach, they have paid their players, “but not full salary”. “I don’t know what you are talking about. All I know is that our team has been paid, though not their full salaries like all the months. In other companies the no work no pay rule applies. But at least we tried to pay our players during this tough time,” argued Chokoe” However, the players said Chokoe is being economical with the truth. “Why would we say we did not get paid when we have been paid?” asked the player. “This is why we say they don’t care. He (Chokoe) should have been communicating with us, but he is not. We are on our own. Like he says, we are still hoping they will pay us before the 7th so that we can go home this week (during lockdown Level 4).” Tshakhuma defender Jean Munganga and midfielder Masibusane Zongo have also reportedly came out appealing to Vhadau Vha Damani president Masala Mulaudzi to pay them their salaries.