THE City of Cape Town has denied allegations against Mayenzeke Day Hospital management in Khayelitsha. Ward councillor Xolisa Ngwekazi told Daily Sun: “I was shocked when I heard their Covid-19 results were kept by management, despite them doing the tests on 8 May.” Ngwekazi said the clinic was officially closed on Monday. “Management needs to explain why they’re keeping the staff’s results. They should have had them by now.” The clinic was closed from Monday and Ngwekazi said people were turned away last Thursday. “They are dealing with patients every day. What will happen if they’ve infected other people?” He said about seven staff members were infected. “They knew their status after doing tests with private doctors.” Ngwekazi said the accusations shocked them. “We’re going to make sure the clinic is cleaned and the staff that tested positive don’t return to work until they’ve recovered.” Tamara Msindo (39) was turned away from the clinic. “My child is sick. I didn’t know it was closed until the guard told me staff members had tested positive.” She feels management could’ve left a note about where to go and when the clinic will be operational again. “Other clinics are full,” she said. One of the staff members said they decided to do tests themselves because they were tired of waiting. “We were concerned because while we were waiting for our results, we continued working. Everyone we got in contact with was in danger of being infected.” Mayoral committee member for community services and health Zahid Badroodien said Mayenzeke Clinic was closed while they were waiting for a service provider to clean the facility. “All staff was tested on 8 May. Swabs were marked urgent so they would be prioritised by the laboratory.” Badroodien told Daily Sun because of the delay with testing at public laboratories, results were slow to come back, despite frequent follow-up by the senior medical officer. “One staff member became symptomatic for Covid-19 and was re-tested in private, which resulted in a quicker turnaround time. All staff have been informed of their results as they became available and no results have been kept from them,” he said.