ORLANDO Pirates and Cape Town City have apparently joined the race for the signature of Black Leopards star midfielder Lesedi Kapinga. Kapinga, whose contract with Lidoda Duvha expires at the end of June, has also been linked with other Absa Premiership teams like SuperSport United, Bidvest Wits, AmaZulu and Mamelodi Sundowns. A source close to the former Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila player told SunSport that Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza has sent his people to Musina to try and convince Kapinga and his family for the 24-year-old to sign with the Soweto giants. The source also claims City chairman John Comitis has also made contact with Kapinga’s manager, showing interest in bringing him to The Citizens. “This situation of Kapinga reminds me of the late Lesley Manyathela when he signed for Pirates in 2000,” said the SunSport source. “Remember how Pirates hijacked the Manyathela deal when he was supposed to have signed with Kaizer Chiefs and they sent their people to Manyathela’s family to sign the deal while Chiefs were waiting for the player to arrive in Joburg. Pirates are trying the same thing with Kapinga and his family. I now see him joining Pirates.” Recently, the Brazilians were reported to have won the signature of the Musina born star on a five year contract. However, Kapinga’s manager Mushe Mudau denied that the deal has been concluded but admitted that they are other teams that have shown interest in his client’s services. “All I can say for now is that Kapinga’s contract with Leopards is coming to an end and we have been engaging with other PSL teams including Leopards for a new contract,” said Mudau. “I have seen reports that Kapinga has signed a pre-contract with Sundowns to join them next season on a five year contract, but that is not the truth. We have not signed with any team as Kapinga’s focus is at Leopards where he still has a contract to honour. He added: “Truth is, many teams want Kapinga and we will engage with them when the season is over and after the coronavirus pandemic crisis that has stopped the league has been contained. I cannot reveal the names of the teams that have contacted us.” Meanwhile, Tshakhuma chairman Masala Mulaudzi is one of the people who want to sign Kapinga. Mulaudzi has revealed that he is on the process of purchasing a PSL club and has put forward a R60 million offer.