THERE’S a saying that says being naked allows you to become emotionally vulnerable to the person you’re with. This gave the people (let’s just say lovers, for romance’s sake) in that setting an opportunity to bear themselves emotionally to each other. So, it should come as no surprise that both men and women have insecurities when it comes to exposing their birthday suits to each other – for the horizontal mamba, in most cases. According to a Chapman University report that analysed more than 100 000 men across five national studies, up to 40% of men were dissatisfied with their overall physical appearance, weight and/or muscle tone and size. Most men also felt they were judged by others based on their appearance, saying they’d compared the way they looked with other men at social events. The research also found that 20% of heterosexual men of average weight said they hid some aspects of their body during sex. Common in this regard were their stomach, chest, butt, thighs, and genitals. Simon Ndlovu from Braamfisher, Soweto, admitted to having insecurities about his body during moments of heated passion with the opposite sex. Said the 32-year-old: “I’m a big guy, and am often told I look older than my actual age. I have a beautiful and slender-looking girlfriend, and she’d often joke about my mkhaba during our pillow talk.” Women were also in the same boat about their bods when it came to being nude around the man they desired. In an article published in the Cosmopolitan magazine, women went wild about those insecurities. They included body weight, breast size, whether their booties were plump and voluptuous enough, and whether they had stretch marks. Jessica Prior from Alberton, in Ekurhuleni, said women were never satisfied with their looks, especially when naked. Insisted the 29-year-old: “I’d like to consider myself a gym freak. But despite my perfect body, I still feel my boobs are too small. “If I could have a transplant for any part of my body, my twins would go and I’d get bigger and plumper jugs.” Thato Molefe (30) and Kgaugelo Molefe (28), now married for more than a year, felt honesty was the best policy. Explained the hubby and wife: “We love each other very much. So much so that we’ve vowed to be bluntly honest with each other during sex. If a certain aspect of our bodies becomes a hinderance to our sexual pleasure, we deal with it as soon as possible.” Those who still feel weird – about showing their better halves what they momma gave ‘em – should imagine Tom Robbins’ wise words: “Just because you’re naked doesn’t mean you’re not sexy . . . ”