FREE State Stars legend and captain Paulus Masehe revealed that he is not thinking of retiring from football anytime soon. The 36-year-old told SunSport that he is not bothered by people asking him all the time when is he hanging up his boots. Masehe, who has been playing professional football for 18 years, said he enjoys playing with youngsters at Ea Lla Koto, whom they signed this season at the GladAfrica Championship club. “I was supposed to have retired,” said the QwaQwa-born star. “But I felt sad and hurt to see Stars going down as I was part of the team and I was the captain. My goal was to help Stars return to the top flight. “But after management assembled a new team full of youngsters who are new in the professional league and full of energy, I wanted to work with them. They (youngsters) look up to me and that keeps me working hard. “It’s amazing working with these boys. “They are so good and I want to continue playing as long as my body still allows me. “These youngsters ask me questions like ‘what is the secret to keep going strong’. I am contributing positively to the team and in their lives.” He said people should stop asking players when are they retiring. “I think as a player you can only consider hanging up your boots if age is catching up, and you are spending a lot of time on the bench. But if you are still playing, it means you are contributing to the team,” he said. The former Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns player said that working closely with the technical team this season has made him want to coach when he retires. “I think it’s a good feeling to coach youngsters and see them develop into great players one day,” he explained. “I love football and I don’t want to be away from it. I don’t see my life without football. So, I will be doing coaching courses while still playing. These youngsters have inspired me.” Masehe is still confident Stars can qualify for the promotion play-offs when the Championship restarts after the Covid 19 crisis. Football was suspended in March due to the coronavirus outbreak. Stars are sixth on the log with 35 points, which is five behind a play-offs spot with six matches remaining. “We started slow because the youngsters were new to professional football,” added Masehe. “But they have adapted and that is why we are at the position we are in. We stand a good chance of qualifying for the promotional play-offs.”