FORMER Safa boss Elvis Shishana says he feels vindicated by the damning reports in which fellow ex-officials slam incumbent president Danny Jordaan. Sishana, who stepped down as Safa vice-president two years ago, has been noting, unsurprisingly, the scathing reports in which former CEOs – Gay Mokoena and Dennis Mumble – lift the lid on Jordaan’s dictatorial leadership style. Jordaan has been accused of running the association as his personal fiefdom, trampling on the Safa constitution and flouting corporate governance principles. In an explosive dossier titled “Governance Challenge”, Mumble alleges Jordaan violated the FA’s electoral code when bringing forward the date of the 2018 presidential election. This, he claims, was done to prevent Shishana and then fellow deputy president Lucas Nhlapo from drumming up support and challenge him for the presidency. Needless to say, Jordaan went on to win the controversy-ridden president race and retained his position after his opponent, Ace Ncobo, withdrew. Shishana left quietly and has kept mum on his curious exit... until now. “I’m not one to seek publicity or media attention and that is why, for so long, I’ve refrained from airing Safa dirty linen in public,” Shishana said. “But I would be guilty if I don’t confirm the things mentioned in those two reports. See the letters that we wrote to the president, coupled with my letter of resignation, and you’ll be the judge. “Dennis (Mumble) still has the letter. The two reports vindicate me. I wouldn’t say anything further. I just hope God helps the association.” Shishana resigned due to a total breakdown in relation with Jordaan, but he continues to serve as a member in his region in the Western Cape. In a damning 71-page dossier, Mumble blasts Jordaan, accusing him of being a dictator, further describing him as someone who would stop at nothing to act as executive president and violate almost every principle of good governance. The NEC is understood to be highly divided on the dossiers, as some members feel the allegations are too serious to be ignored. Some are said to be questioning the timing of the reports and its leakages to the public. Safa, however, has denied all allegations levelled against Jordaan, explaining Mumble’s report was littered with contradictions. Safa released a statement yesterday, claiming all nine of their NEC provincial chairpersons are fully rallying behind Jordaan, a second in two days after the initial release on Saturday where the association countered on contents of Mumble’s dossier. Among those quoted in yesterday’s statement slamming Mumble while “reaffirmed total support” of Jordaan are chairpersons and NEC members: Jack Maluleke (Limpopo), Gladwyn White (NEC member, Northern Cape), Litheko Marago (Mpumalanga), Kwenza Ngwenya (KZN), David Moloantoa (North West), Mzimkhulu Fina (Eastern Cape), Letima Mogorosi (Free State), Gerald Don (Western Cape) and Gauteng vice-chair Pius Nqandela.