The Eastern Cape police are calling for more victims to come
forward after the arrest of a social media serial rapist in Komani
(Queenstown). The suspect used many Facebook accounts to lure his victims
with a promise to give them modeling jobs all over the country. Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana said: "A great team effort
and well-coordinated collaboration by the Queenstown police units assisted by
Red Gaurd Security pulled a successful effort resulting in the arrest of a
social media rapist on 19 May 2020. "This 32-year-old man is suspected of being behind a
series of rapes that were committed after unsuspecting victims were lured
through social media under the disguise and a promise for work as a
model." "The arrest followed a case of a 17-year-old was allegedly
raped at Warner Street, in Komani. "The rape happened after the victim saw an advert on
Facebook about photoshoots for young girls who wanted to work and be paid as
models. The victim was given a date, on Monday at 2 pm as the time for her
photoshoot. "She attended the photoshoot alone with the suspect
after other models left. During the photoshoot, it is when the suspect
allegedly raped the victim. Although the victim did not know the suspect, she
said she was able to identify him," he said. Brigadier Kinana said their investigations led them to many
Facebook accounts of the suspect "Through further investigation police picked up that
the suspect had several Facebook accounts and was a regular traveller who had
reached many destinations all over Mzansi. "In all these different towns the suspect was
advertising to attract young girls to pitch up for the photo sessions. It is
believed, this is how he lured the unsuspecting victims, chose his targets, and
raped them," Kinana said. He said there were already pending cases against the
suspect. "Police managed to get the real identity of the suspect
and under his police profile there were already several rape cases pending
against him. "Through police intelligence, the suspect was
intercepted while traveling from Umtata to King Williams Town on 19 May 2020.
In his possession was a false doctor's note that aided him to travel around as
well as the laptop, camera, memory cards, and a cellphone. "A case of fraud and contravention of Covid-19 was
opened after he was arrested at Kei Bridge. He was subsequently detained in
Komani," he said. Kinana said: "The suspect is believed to have visited a
lot of towns and in each opened a Facebook account he later used it as a
launching pad for his criminal traps and schemes. Cops are also of the view
that there must be a lot of other cases unreported or pending under the
suspects' name or under investigation by other stations and FCS Units all over
South Africa, especially from cases that emanated from the Facebook accounts." The cops urged other victims to come forward. "Anyone with information about the suspect or want to
come forward with information can contact the Investigating Officer attached to
Queenstown FCS, Sergeant Vizicelo Ludidi-071 352 5252.