Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane admits there are many things to consider before the Absa Premiership can restart, and wants a level playing field for all teams if they are put into a camp situation. The standard of hotels, training pitches and playing surfaces should be as uniform as possible, so that no one side, or sides, have an unfair advantage over the others. It has been revealed in media reports that one scenario the Premier Soccer League is looking at for a return to play is to house all 32 clubs in the top two tiers of the league at the Sun City resort in the North West Province, and to play matches in Rustenburg. The isolation of the resort would provide an environment that should be easy to manage, but Mosmane says there are many questions about the plan. “I don’t know if we will all stay in Sun City because Sun City hotels have different grades and standards,” he said as a press conference. "You have the Lost City‚ Cascades‚ Cabanas and other hotels in there‚ so who is going to stay at Cabanas and who is going to stay at the Lost City? “We will all want the best accommodation. You can do it, but you must look at it carefully and say is it easy to do it? "In terms of controlling people‚ you can do it at Sun City but in terms of accommodation how are you going to say Chiefs is staying at Lost City and Sundowns are staying at the Cabanas? "How do you come up with that decision‚ you can do it but you are going to create problems. It’s not an easy one but it is possible.” Mosimane also questioned whether the training and playing pitches in the area would be enough for all teams. "When last did you see the Olympic Park Stadium used and how does the pitch look like now? Are we all going to play on one pitch at Royal Bafokeng Stadium. “I have to be very careful of what I am saying because I must listen before I talk‚ and who I am to tell SA what to do. The government‚ PSL and Safa are there‚ I have to take the cue. For me Rustenburg has a problem of accommodation and big problems.” Mosimane did say that he believes the 2019/20 season should be concluded, with his Sundowns side trailing league leaders Kaizer Chiefs by four points, but with a game in hand. “Everybody expects the season to be concluded and I think the season can be concluded. "To be honest a month can conclude the season if we work well and do our things right in terms of precautions and adhering to health regulations. A round of eight games can be done in a month and we can complete but it is not for me to say how and when. “It is not for me to say we can play behind closed doors. Let’s look at the way the rest of the world is doing‚ we can’t just bring everyone in. "Germany has been successful for now‚ England have some rebounds now. I don’t know what is happening in China because I don’t have most of the information. Just follow and copy good things "In Spain‚ which was heavily affected‚ Barca are training. Possibly we can start with small groups‚ but before you start with small groups there is a lot of consistent testing and precautions that you have to do with facilities and disinfecting. “I am not an expert in that and I must listen to experts.” - SuperSport.com