We asked Sun Readers to enter the Mother’s Day Competition
asking, What is the best advice your mom gave you. This competition is still open, if you’d like to enter the
competition, read more here: https://bit.ly/2WkTV5x and stand a chance to win R2000! Here are what some Sun Readers who entered had to say: Londiwe - "People
always talk whether you do good or bad, just be you and fight for your own
sanity and happiness" Grace – “Stay in your own lane and run your race.” Bryce – “Respect yourself and other people.” Lucille – “My Mom always taught me that no matter how rich
your husband is always be an independent woman, Because one day when he is gone
you are able to fend for yourself.” Siyabonga – “My Mom told me to get educated and never to
look at my circumstances that would stop me from achieving my goals. Today I am
a graduate and working at the Government Hospital in Parktown.  All thanks to Mom and the Grace of God for
unlocked doors by education and Grace.” Nthabiseng – “The best advise my mom has given is to never
doubt myself and God , always love myself and never let anyone take me for a ride.” Kutlwano – “Do not give up in life with everything you want
to achieve, in a comrade marathon there are those that finish the race running
and get medal, some walk and finish the race and get their medal, some crawl to
the finish line and get their medal, the point is to never give up to get you
medal in life, no matter how long it will take. I love you mom!” Reginah – “My mum advice me to be always strong in any
situation that I come across in life and to trust God in anything.” Katie – “My momma advised 
me that no matter how old you are u can never be old to get that degree
coz in life education is timeless.” Matshire – “The best weapon to overcome all the struggles of
this life is prayer and faith. God is mighty and nothing defeats Him.” Rachel – “"Not everyone you laugh with or help will
come back help you. Not everyone wants see you succeed in life. Be careful
ngwanake" Willy – “Don't put your stick in any hole therefore wait for
the right person.” Bayanda – “Love God, be yourself and respect both young and
old, read to empower myself.” Antonoitte – “Love without expecting anything in return.” Nkosana – “Be gentle as a dove and as wise as a serpent.” Lesiba – “Trying is better than Waiting.” Noluthando – “Be yourself.” Benedict – “she taught me about sharing everything with
other people.” Thabiso – “Never lay a hands on woman no matter what.” Potego – “Son, study because I want to die knowing that you
have a weapon to fight when I am gone and learn to share not because you got
plenty.” Peggy – “Not to compare myself with other people.” 