Home Affairs Minister Aaron Motsoaledi will take the
Department of Labour to court if it does not allow two offices in Gauteng to
operate. On Thursday, Motsoaledi told the Portfolio Committee
on Home Affairs that offices in the Western Cape, Mpumalanga and Limpopo were
shut down by the Public Servants Association of South Africa (PSA). The PSA, in a statement released on Wednesday, said
some Home Affairs offices did not comply with safety measures and in some
cases, the full staff complement was instructed to come to work. "The PSA cannot allow employees to return to
workplaces that do not meet the requirements announced by various ministers to
curb the spread of the virus," read the statement. The Department of Labour shut down two offices because
they did not have a protective glass partition between staff and clients. "I don't accept their reason," Motsoaledi
said, adding no Home Affairs office had such a partition and it would take
months to install. He added 5 000 face screens had arrived on Wednesday
for staff, saying if they wore masks and gloves, as they were, the partitions
were not necessary. Motsoaledi said Home Affairs had appealed the
Department of Labour's decision. "If we don't get it right, we'll certainly go to
court." As committee chairperson Bongani Bongo closed the
meeting, Motsoaledi asked if he could clarify further. "Chairperson, we are not taking any union to
court. We are talking about the Department of Labour, because the demand they
have made on us is outrageous. But, already, twice we have contacted them, they
say we must appeal. "Now, I'm talking of a court of law because this
has already happened to me." He said when he was minister of health the Department
of Labour had closed the health department's head offices and said they must
appeal, but opened the offices when he threatened them with court action. "I'm just doing a déjà vu here that our offices
are not working, on a demand that we believe is outrageous and when we spoke to
them collegially, as we are advising, they said: 'No, appeal'." SOURCE: NEWS24