The Democratic Alliance leader John Steenhuisen has called President Cyril Ramaphosa to end the lockdown before economy collapse and people taking to the streets. The DA leader said the threat in the country is not the virus anymore but the continued “hard lockdown”. He warned President Cyril Ramaphosa that if he doesn’t take action people will help him to end the lockdown. “The true bravery and compassion, President Ramaphosa, will be in ending this lockdown. And be warned Mr President, unless you come to your senses and end this lockdown crisis, millions more will start breaking the law in the coming days and weeks. If you don’t end it, the people of South Africa will take charge and end if for you,” said Steenhuisen. The DA leader said this said during a media briefing that he held on the party’s social media platforms this afternoon. He said many people are struggling and the government should open up for businesses to start working as the economy will be in shambles if the situation doesn’t change. He said government said it will implement the lockdown regulations and reduce the restrictions in stages but he accused the government of doing the opposite. He said level restrictions are even stricter than level four of which it had to be the opposite. “Level 4 of lockdown as it turns out is hardly different from level 5. In fact it is more restrictive in many respects not less,” said Steenhuisen. He said 75000 soldiers were added in level four to enforce curfews, and the shopping hours are limited than level 5. “This was not a progress towards a more open society and economy at all but an extension of hard lockdown with no final deadline in sight,” said Steenhuisen. He said much of the hardships which the citizens are going through are unnecessary and government should open up the economy. “We have seen announcements from ministers on keeping sectors of economy shut that have nothing to do with halting the spread of the virus. Petty and irrational announcement like the ban of e-commerce,” said Steenhuisen.