Don’t let social distancing isolate you. Ways to keep you and your family connected. Being connected is always essential even more critical during a public health crisis that’s challenging everyone. To ensure this, Telkom felt out of duty to step up and support its customers by providing them access to credible information and the ability to continue with important activities such as work, school, and keeping the family entertained. Telkom provides the following tips on how to stay connected when your movement is limited: Teach and learn from home Scholars and students can study from home, stream lessons and visit educational websites that will enable them continued learning, homework and assignment submissions. Through BCXLearn (www.bcxlearn.com) school going kids can access e-learning for free on the Telkom network, using Telkom mobile data bundles or LTE data bundles.  Entertain and fellowship at home Streaming services such as YouTube and Net?ix enable access to TV shows, spiritual upliftment content and movies from the comfort of one’s home. These can be complimented with Telkom's uncapped services such as Fibre and LTE and takes away the bill shock anxiety. Work from Home Business and employees can still stay connected to each other and to their customers whilst remaining productive. With a MiFi router and Telkom Prepaid LTE bundles, providing remote connectivity while managing costs is affordable and easier.  Connect from the comfort of your home Whatever you need to get done, you can connect affordably with Telkom using Mobile data bundles, Smartbroadband Wireless (LTE), Fibre or SmartVoice*. SmartVoice is a wireless home Fixedline look alike (FLLA) that doubles up as a phone and a WiFi Hotspot, Telecon facility, LTE access, ?bre for video conferencing.  LIVE & WORK FROM HOME UNINTERRUPTED. Whatever you need to get done, you can connect today with LTE. CONNECT - Stay in touch with loved ones and your social circles. WORK - Work smarter and collaborate affordably from the comfort of your own home. LEARN - Make learning possible and continue with education by accessing tutorials and online classes. ENTERTAIN - Stream or download movies, music and games to keep boredom at bay. Get it all done from only R99 for 10GB Multiple Users  Speed  Stability  Affordable  Call 10213 Click telkom.co.za Standard terms and conditions apply and can be viewed at www.telkom.co.za. E&OE.   