The EFF has slammed President Cyril Ramaphosa for moving the country to
Level 3 of the nationwide lockdown, along with the reopening of schools, certain
sectors of the economy and churches. Party leader Julius Malema said Ramaphosa, when he addressed the nation
on Sunday calling on people to become more responsible for their own well-being
during the fight against the coronavirus, had turned his back on his
constitutional oath. "He was telling us that he is no longer in charge. He has
surrendered the country to the looming Covid-19 catastrophe, for the benefit of
white monopoly profit interests," he added. The EFF held its first media briefing on Thursday since the pandemic
broke out in the country. "Do not go to church, you going to die, it's a trap, a
set-up," said Malema. On Tuesday, Ramaphosa announced the government had acceded to faith
leaders' cries to be allowed to congregate under Level 3. Malema pleaded with religious leaders to not open their places of
worship, saying if they indeed care for their congregations and had high moral
standards they would keep them out of danger. He made an example of the case in Bloemfontein, where 67 people
contracted the virus while attending a church event. ACDP leaders Kenneth
Meshoe and Steve Swart as well as evangelist Angus Buchan were among those
infected. Malema called on EFF members to not attend church services. "We call upon the caring leaders of religion not to connive with
white capital to kill black people. Our people can still pray at home." The red berets' commander-in-chief said he believed the country should
remain at Level 5, with a Level 6 being introduced in the Western Cape, which
is the epicentre of the virus in the country. He also took at dig at the president and government, questioning why
restaurants were left out, while churches, which did not even contribute to the
country's economy, were being opened. "Restaurants already practiced social distancing even before social
distancing. Hygiene is number one at restaurants. There are inspectors hired by
municipalities that inspect the compliance of restaurants," Malema said. SOURCE: NEWS24