I will unashamedly admit that during my primary and secondary schooling days Mathematics was not my favorite subject. From Theorem of Pythagoras to Calculus, I would switch off during class and pray throughout tests and exams for a 50% mark. What I did learn surprisingly through this class was the basic principle of solving or dealing with equations. One of which was that: "Whatever you do on the left, you must also do on your right."  I never used to understand it, but it’s a powerful principle that has led me to ask are relationships still 50/50 on both the left and right side of the spectrum? Culture and tradition have been accused of creating an inequality in relationships. Culture and tradition have been accused of being pro men and excluding our women counter-parts. There are cultures that view women as nothing much more than home managers whose job description is to look after the home and extend the family name by having babies. This has significantly opened a much needed dialogue of how certain traditions need to be reviewed or scrapped all-together. Women have been making positive strides within the different facades of their lives. Economically, they are gradually catching up to their male counterparts and also proving that they can also wear the pants. But questions have been asked about their new role. The rise of women has also opened another conversation about are women taking the roles of men in society? If you subscribe to the Bible, then you would know that God created a man to love a woman, and a woman to submit to his man. The word love means an intense feeling of deep affection and submit means to accept or yield to a superior force or to the authority or will of another person. If we're looking to balance the equation, then the left needs to love and the right needs to submit in order to solve for x, and despite the changing times we live in. It is these basic components that will ensure that the relationship like the song title of the late Mandoza is 50/50.