A LACK of football due to the lockdown and the suspension of the Premier Soccer League due to coronavirus, is projected to have an impact on the movement of Zimbabwean players to Mzansi in the next transfer window. A top agent argued the shutdown of the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League (ZPSL) is denying players an opportunity to market themselves for dream moves to the Absa Premiership. “You can’t move players. You can’t move coaches. You can’t do anything as the business of football is shut down for now,” lamented Zim agent Gibson Mahachi. Mahachi is one of the most prominent deal makers involved in the movement of players from his homeland, across the Limpopo River to South Africa. Zimbabwe and South Africa have both imposed lockdowns that prohibit sporting activities. Mahachi said unlike previous seasons, this time, ahead of the next transfer window traditionally kicking off next month and closing in August, there were no enquiries for players. During the June-August PSL off-season period, the Zim soccer season is usually in full swing, but a new campaign has been halted following the Covid-19 outbreak. In Zimbabwe, the lockdown imposed from last month has been extended indefinitely, while Mzansi is currently on lockdown Level 4. “There is nothing anyone can do about it, (the lockdown)” Mahachi said. “You get general inquiries here and there but nothing much to it. Fortunately for me, I am employed elsewhere and I can spend time at work.” Mahachi has brokered some key deals in the trek by players from Zim to South Africa, as well as between South Africa and Europe. He moved defender Teenage Hadebe from Chicken Inn to Kaizer Chiefs before the player eventually moved to the Turkish top flight at the start of 2019-2020 season. Mahachi was also behind coach Norman Mapeza’s successful but later ill-fated move to the trigger-happy Chippa United. Elsewhere, he masterminded the move of another former Zim coach, Kalisto Pasuwa to the Malawian top flight, where he won the league title on two consecutive times. From the 1970 era of Ebson “Sugar” Muguyo who starred for Kaizer Chiefs, through the 1990s period of Wilfred “Silver Fox” Mugeyi (Bush Bucks), and the new millennium when the likes of Benjani Mwaruwari moved to Jomo Cosmos and Knowledge Musona moved to Chiefs, Zimbabwe has been a conveyor belt of talent to South Africa. Current Zimbabwe stars plying their trade in Mzansi include Khama Billiat, Willard Katsande (both Chiefs), twins Kelvin and Elvis Moyo (Maritzburg United) and Elvis Chipezeze (Baroka). – CAJ News