STRUGGLES with injuries and a tough spell away on loan have taught young Mamelodi Sundowns striker Keletso Makgalwa to “respect the process” if he wants to achieve his goals in football. The 23-year-old, who is another product of the Sundowns academy, has faced a lot of challenges since his promotion to the senior team during the 2016-17 season. He had to take some valuable lessons from a difficult loan spell at Maritzburg United last season which “toughened him up” and gave him an idea of what it would take to succeed in the PSL. It was at Maritzburg that Makgalwa scored his first goal in the PSL, a moment that he will never forget as it gave everyone a glimpse of his potential. But the Mokopane-born player had to wait for his opportunity when he returned to Sundowns and when it finally came, injuries threatened to ruin everything. He suffered a nasty ankle injury when he was challenged by Cape Town City’s Thamsanqa Mkhize just a few days after scoring his first ever Absa Premiership goal for Downs. But just like he had managed to bounce back and take all the positives from his tough loan spell with the Team of Choice, Makgalwa overcame his injury woes. “Since the inception of my football career I’ve come to learn that it is important to respect the process,” said Makgalwa. “My time at the Sundowns development academy is testament to that. Now having made it to the first team my journey continues.” The youngster has since fought his way back into contention for a place in the Downs first team with impressive performances and crucial goals. He is determined to learn from other academy products such as Percy Tau, Motjeka Madisha and Siphelele Mkhulise who grabbed their opportunities with both hands. “I know moving forward is not going to be easy and I’ll make a few mistakes but it’s all part of how we learn. Never ever forget to respect the process and for sure your journey will be fruitful,” added Makgalwa. “Scoring a few goals in the games I’ve featured in and contributing to the team qualifying for the Telkom Knockout final, are some of my most memorable moments.”