COSATU wants the retrenchment payment of one week
to be increased two weeks for each year served as masses are facing job losses
due to coronavirus. The federation is calling on Unemployment and
Labour Minister Thulas Nxesi to use his powers to change the law that
stipulates that a worker should be paid one week for each year in the event the
company is forced to retrench workers. Cosatu spokesman Sizwe Pamla is arguing that this
law introduced in 1996 has to be changed as it was grossly inadequate, and
employers were taking advantage of it. He said the minister must treat the
matter as urgency in the face of looming massive retrenchment. “It is the Federations view that the current
severance pay package of one week per year of service is grossly inadequate and
must be increased as a matter of urgency. “The failure to set an adequate level of severance
pay in statute undermines the job security of workers and enables employers to
retrench at will. The urgency with which this issue must be addressed is
increased by the Covid-19 pandemic and its anticipated impact on employment,”
said Pamla He added that already their affiliated trade unions
were reporting widespread retrenchments of their members. The federation
demanded that the Nxesi must table this matter to be discussed at Nedlac for
urgent consultations with social partners at the council. “This minimum severance pay is set by section 41
(2) of the BCEA at one week’s remuneration for each completed year of
service.  This payment has remained
unchanged since statutory minimum severance pay was introduced by the LRA in
1996. “Section 41 (3) of BCEA provides that the Minister
of Employment and Labour may vary the amount of severance pay in terms of
subsection 41 (2) by notice in the Government Gazette. This variation may be
done by the Minister after consulting with NEDLAC and the Public Service
Co-ordinating Bargaining Council,” he said. Business is predicting that as much as one million
people and as high as 1.6 million workers could lose their jobs because of the
pandemic. Minerals and Energy Ministry Gwede Mantashe was on
Tuesday reported as saying he has called mining companies to withdraw
retrenchment letters and called on them to protect workers. During the lockdown, I called four mines to the
department head office that were issuing Section 189(s) and I said to them that
they can't use a lockdown period for Section 189, go and withdraw all of them without
exception. And they withdrew the notices," Mantashe was reported saying.