HAVING a prominent politician mum would make most children lazy, but not SuperSport United’s soft-spoken defender, Grant Kekana. Kekana’s mum, Pinky Kekana, is the Deputy Minister of Communications. While Pinky travels frequently to Parliament in Cape Town, Grant goes to the training ground to do what he loves most, playing football. The 28-year-old former University of Pretoria centre back is a proud man and hardly asks his mum for financial assistance. Although Kekana stays 10 minutes away from his mum’s house, he doesn’t get to spend more time with her due to the nature of her job. But he sees her a lot these days because of the lockdown. “I see her everyday now. I didn’t see her a lot before but I’d speak to her telephonically on a regular basis. “She lives just ten minutes away from where I reside, it’s just that She’s always travelling to Cape Town because of her work, and when I do see her it’s on a Friday or Sunday, when I’m not playing football,” he said. The footballer from Bela-Bela, Limpopo, doesn’t want to live under his mum’s shadow. He doesn’t want to be known as Grant, the son of a politician, but Grant the footballer. He added: “I’ve always been able to stand on my own from a young age. My mum has afforded me the opportunity to be myself and fend for myself. That’s the kind of relationship I have with her. “She gave me pocket money now and then when I was at school, but always encouraged me to stand on my own two feet and not bother her for money all the time. “I’m independent. I do my own thing and she does her own thing too.” But despite Pinky’s busy schedule, the deputy minister often finds time to go and watch her son play. “She’s always been supportive and is my number one fan. She always makes time to watch me play.” During the national lockdown, Grant is not sitting idle at home. “I train with my cousin. It’s better for one not to train alone. When it’s the two of you, you’re energetic and want to workout for a little bit longer daily,” said Kekana. When asked about salary cuts, as seen with some footballers in other parts of the globe, and if he was not worried the same would happen at Matsatsantsa a Pitori, Grant said: “So far, I’m not worried, as we have not heard anything like that. “Nothing has been said to us and we’ve nothing to worry about. “This is a professional team, and if there were such problems, they’d tell us.”