BAFANA BAFANA coach Molefi Ntseki, sympathises with Premier Soccer League (PSL) coaches during this coronavirus lockdown. The coach said it has been a challenge to assess players, not knowing what’s next and when the Absa Premiership and the GladAfrica Championship will resume. All sporting events in Mzansi and in most parts of the world have been suspended. Ntseki said club coaches are not alone in this crisis, as national team coaches also have no idea when they’ll assemble squads for international competitions. PSL matches were suspended in March and there’s no sign of when the leagues will resume. The pandemic has also led to Bafana’s double-header 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers against Sao Tome being called off. The Confederation of African Football (Caf) have also extended the suspension of the continent’s inter-club finals. The Afcon qualifiers, scheduled for next month, have also been suspended. “Yes, I feel for local coaches. Some clubs and coaches were on a high tempo,” said Ntseki. “I’m talking about the right attitude, right mood in the team. Some were winning matches and everyone was looking forward to playing the next match. And now that everything has been called off, it’s difficult for the coaches to plan ahead. They don’t even know when the coronavirus crisis will end and players can go back to training.” When the PSL announced that the league programme was being suspended indefinitely, the Premiership had reached a boiling point. Fans had their eyes set on the top-of-the-table clash between Kaizer Chiefs and second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns at the FNB Stadium, which could have gone a long way in deciding the destination of the title. Amakhosi lead the pack on 48 points with eight matches remaining, while Downs have 44 points and a game in hand. When the season resumes, Ntseki said coaches would face challenges on how quickly players would respond to the rhythm, with just a few games remaining. “The question is, will coaches get the same attitude from the players?” asked the former school teacher. “It’s difficult for coaches. It’s also difficult for club bosses and players as well.”