HER life has been ruined and now she can’t keep a man! And this is because she was allegedly bewitched. The woman said her ordeal started when her baby daddy started dating another woman in 2009. “Everything was going well with my baby daddy until he got into a relationship with another woman. “The woman bewitched me by making me bleed each time my baby daddy and I had sex,” she said. The 34-year-old woman from K Section KwaMashu, north of Durban, said at first, she thought she was just on her period. But there was blood when she and her baby daddy poked. “I then started to worry. I decided to see a traditional healer, who gave me holy water and told me a woman was trying by all means to separate me and my baby daddy,” said the woman. She said she was shocked and told her baby daddy, but he didn’t believe her. “He told me he doesn’t believe in such things because his religion doesn’t allow him,” she said. The woman said things got complicated when she was pregnant with her second child. “I became so sick I almost died. I was due to deliver my baby in early January, but got so sick I delivered on the last day of the month. “I was told by another traditional healer the woman’s muthi was causing the delay,” she said. But her baby was always sick after his birth. “I was told the woman wanted me to suffer because she was jealous my baby daddy loved me more and didn’t want to break up with me. “But I stayed in the relationship because I loved my baby daddy. We had two more children together and now have four beautiful boys,” she said. The woman said she stayed in the relationship as she thought the woman would one day stop bewitching her, but she never did. “She kept doing different things to me. This caused my baby daddy and I to fight until I decided it was enough and left him in 2012,” she said. “I moved on with my life. But each time I meet a man, we ended up breaking up over small things. I have been in three relationships since I left my baby daddy.” She said she believed the woman’s muthi was still causing problems for her and she needed help. But the baby daddy said he didn’t believe the woman. “We are no longer together, so I don’t know what is happening in her life,” he said. Chairman of Traditional Healers Association Thandonjani Hlongwane said the woman should get a strong inyanga who will cleanse her. “The muthi that was used on her is strong and needs to be cleansed properly,” said Hlongwane.   