SUPERSPORT UNITED coach Kaitano Tembo won’t reprimand players who refuse to train because of fear of contracting the coronavirus. The former club’s skipper admitted he wouldn’t be surprised if a player in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) came out and said he couldn’t train because of a vulnerable family member, such as a pregnant wife or girlfriend. Since Orlando Pirates midfielder Ben Motshwari contracted the virus a few weeks back, players have expressed their concerns to SunSport. They said they have not been consulted on what the PSL/Safa task team are working on in terms of finding ways for the Absa Premiership and the GladAfrica Championship to resume. Players want reassurance on the questions regarding measures put in place to make their training grounds as safe as possible. “You’ve got to accept it because players are human beings,” said Tembo. “Sadly, the virus is dangerous and kills people. The players’ health has to come first, before everything. “It’s one area where we have to find ways to make sure players are comfortable.” Players who refuse to train have received backing from the head of global players’ union FIFPro, JonasBaer-Hoffmann. Baer-Hoffmann said it would be inhumane and unacceptable if players who fear returning to the pitch were to be punished for taking such a stance. Unlike other leagues around the world who have cancelled or voided their seasons due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the PSL are not entertaining that issue. The task team, health authorities and the sports ministry are looking at the possibilities to formulate protocols. Other club sponsors have decided to abandon paying clubs due to a lack of visibility, and no one saw it coming. Highlands Park, who are sponsored by Jonsson Workwear and pay the Tembisa-club approximately R7 million per season, are one of those. In the meantime, Tembo admitted it was hard to keep players entertained not knowing when they’ll play again. But he has found something to keep them looking forward to training. “We have said if someone can juggle the ball longest, they win the prize,” revealed Tembo.