Mpumalanga
police have launched a manhunt for two suspects who shot and killed a
13-year-old boy during a house robbery on Tuesday morning. According to Mpumalanga police spokesman,
Brigadier Leonard Hlathi, the teenager was home alone when the incident
happened. Hlathi said reports suggest that the boy was
asleep when two thugs broke into the house, stealing valuable items. He said the boy might have been awoken by the
strange noise in the house and upon seeing that his life was in danger, then
ran into one of the rooms and locked himself inside. "Moments later, the boy screamed for help,
which drew the attention of the heartless men and they then headed to the room,
broke the door and suffocated him until he became unconscious,” said
Hlathi. He said one of the suspects, even had the guts
to shoot at the defenceless boy as he was laying there unresponsive and they
took a television-set before fleeing the scene on foot. He said police and the medical personnel were
notified by neighbours about the incident but unfortunately the boy was
certified dead on the scene. Meanwhile Mpumalanga police boss, Lieutenant
General Mondli Zuma said police are really disturbed by the incident where a
life of an innocent teenager was taken abruptly by brainless criminals. "I have already ordered for their quick
arrest and will use all our arsenals to track these men who have no regard to
human life. These suspects can only be regarded as cowards who opted to prey on
an innocent, defenceless child even though he was suffocated by them and lying
down motionless,” said Zuma. “They should be urgently found, arrested so that
they can face the giant might of the law. The patriotic community should assist
us and I urge anyone who recently bought a television-set from the streets to
immediately contact the police as a matter of urgency because you might be
watching a television which has blood of the boy," he said. A case of house robbery as well as murder was
opened. Anyone with information relating to this incident should contact
Sergeant Levias Rangwaga on 0727372003.