Siya and Rachel Kolisi have been tested for the coronavirus. The Springbok captain and his wife have been helping the vulnerable through their Kolisi Foundation, providing medical workers on the front-line with equipment, and delivering much-needed food parcels to households who are unable to feed their families. Their relief efforts have seen them out in communities, delivering an essential service during the pandemic. "During the weekend I wasn't feeling well at all. We work with people very often and always prioritise safety first, gloves, masks, hygiene etc. We also have 3 high-risk people at home,"  Rachel wrote on Instagram, about her decision to get tested. “Let LOVE be the greatest act to shock the world” - @hillsongsafrica colour conference Yesterday on assignment with @kolisi_foundation Thank you @ryanoconnorza @heart1049fm & @foodloversmarket ?? : @adriansteirn A post shared by  Rachel Kolisi (@rachel_kolisi) on Apr 24, 2020 at 2:54am PDT  "We are scheduled to travel this weekend for a big drop. And I really wanted to be confident that I was being responsible before travelling," she added. Sharing photos from the testing experience on social media, Rachel said that both their results returned negative. She hopes that by speaking out she will encourage people to break any stigma about covid-19 testing. "I think it's really important we don't undermine the seriousness of the virus," she said. During the weekend I really wasn’t feeling well at all. We work with people very often and always prioritize safety first, gloves, masks, distancing, hygiene ect We also have 3 high risk people at home. We are scheduled to travel this weekend for a big drop. And I really wanted to be confident that I was being responsible before traveling. I had a Covid-19 Test done (which returned negative) over the weekend along with Siya and my brother. I think it’s really important we don’t undermine the seriousness of the Virus but that we don’t create a stigma around Covid-19 and testing. ???? Thank you to @gift.of.the.givers for the top notch professionalism they do the testing for R750 pp and R650pp as a corporate offering. A post shared by  Rachel Kolisi (@rachel_kolisi) on May 19, 2020 at 8:01am PDT  