AJAX CAPE TOWN star, Abednego Mosiatlhaga, is adamant he has what it takes to play in the Absa Premiership. And he’s determined to prove it. Mosiatlhaga played an important role in helping Stellenbosch FC gain promotion to the big time last season, but was snubbed by the Cape Winelands outfit. Instead of letting that get him down, the lad from Mahikeng, North West, took it on the chin and used the setback as motivation to work even harder in order to force his way to the Premiership. He joined the Urban Warriors and has since become arguably their most important player, leading their charge toward automatic promotion and into the big league. Before the deadly coronavirus brought the GladAfrica Championship to a halt, Mosiatlhaga washead-and-shoulders above the rest with 16 goals in 22 appearances. Having had a brief stint in the top flight with Bidvest Wits three years ago, Mosiatlhaga insisted he was ready to return to the big time. “I feel like I’m more mature now and a much better player than I was back then when I last played in the PSL,” said the 25-year-old attacker. “I’ve worked hard to earn another shot at playing in the PSL, which is where every player wants to see themselves at the very least. “It has always been a goal of mine to succeed and be a regular feature in the division. “I believe I have what it takes. Everything I have done up to this point has been a preparation for me to go to the next level in my career,” he said. “I’m not there yet, but I’ll do my best to ensure I’m right there.” On the snub by Stellies, Mosiatlhaga said: “It happens, this is football. You just have to put your head down and go again. “As disappointing as it was, it made me a better player. “I knew that they wouldn’t just snub me if I was a complete player, so I went back and worked on my weaknesses. “I wouldn’t be the player I am today if that didn’t happen to me. “Setbacks in life were meant to make us stronger, if we learn to tackle them with the right attitude, then success awaits us.”