Because of the lockdown,
police have stopped Mona Sias and her family from collecting wood in the bushes
near her home in KwaNoxolo, Cookhouse, in the Eastern Cape. She now cooks her
family's meals over a fire made from plastic bottles. Sias' home is among at
least 60 households in the township battling to make fires to feed their
families or stay warm, because they are stopped from leaving the area. "Police chase us
away from nearby bushes where we collect wood," says Sias. "I have
been cooking rice, carrots, cabbage and mielie meal porridge with these plastic
bottles. The food tastes horrible. Its colour turns black on top because of the
smoke. The food is not properly
cooked because the smoke makes us cough and sometimes it causes headaches and
blocked nose. But we just cook to have
something in our stomachs." "It is also not easy
to get these plastic bottles because police are watching us. We collect them at
illegal dumping sites and in the streets in the community. But police say we
must go back home and obey the lockdown," Sias said. Contacted by GroundUp,
the mayor of Blue Crane Route Local Municipality, Bonisile Manxoweni, promised
to raise the issue in a council meeting. But he did not say whether the
municipality would provide people with fuel. Sias explained that most
residents of KwaNoxolo moved there in 2010 from Tyoksville. They were moved into
wendy houses by the municipality as a temporary solution while a new housing
project was to be built, but the project did not materialise. Residents say their
houses are weathered and leaking and the roads around the area are muddy. The households share
three communal taps, and 11 toilets of which only five are functioning. Last Wednesday, the
Amakhala Emoyeni Cookhouse Community Trust donated food parcels to KwaNoxolo
residents. When GroundUp arrived,
Sias, 56, was trying to make a meal for her family of six. "Everybody here
received food parcels but we are unable to cook. On Sunday night I was able to
cook a decent meal with a piece of plank I had used to cover the hole on my
floor. Since then, I have been using plastic containers, soft drink bottles,
plastics and boxes to cook food," she said. She said her family
depended on the child support grants of her two grandchildren and therefore
could not afford paraffin. Resident Simphiwe Blom
said maintaining good hygiene during the Covid-19 outbreak was near impossible
in KwaNoxolo. "We share 11 broken
bucket system toilets and only five are functional. They are stinking and
everybody sees you when you are relieving yourself. For a month the buckets
were not collected. People were forced to relieve themselves in nearby rubble
behind our houses. All that smell comes into our homes." He said the toilets had
at last been emptied last Wednesday when the food parcels were handed out. He shares a tap with
about 26 households and is worried about the coronavirus epidemic. "They
come to the tap daily and I live with my grandmother who is 85. Anyone who gets
infected here, can easily infect all of us," he said. Another resident, Michael
Vunati, who was born in Cookhouse, said: "Everybody here makes wood fire
in order to make himself warm and for cooking. But the lockdown is just making
our lives miserable." "Some of the people
here have big families of six to 10 people." Bhongolwethu Mema,
organiser of the Masizame Trust, said in 2015 the municipality had been given
"more than 1 000 hectares of trust land" to build houses and a
graveyard for the KwaNoxolo residents. "But there is no
progress. It is just fruitless meetings and boring council procedures." Mayor Manxoweni said the
municipality had been waiting for an environmental report from the Department
of Human Settlements which had now been received and would be tabled in the
council "soon". The department had also
been asked to pay for infrastructure costs such as water and sanitation for the
construction of 600 houses. He said he had not been
aware that residents had not been able to cook their food. "The Department of
Water and Sanitation has given us 115 water tanks and we are distributing them
all over the municipality to make sure everybody has access to water," he
said. SOURCE: NEWS24