The public will not be able to attend this year's Vodacom Durban July. This is because this year's VDJ will be held behind closed doors. The proposed date for the race is the 25 July 2020. "Gold Circle, together with the ongoing support of the company’s valued sponsor Vodacom, is fully committed to running the 2020 Vodacom Durban July. Sadly, given the reality of the present circumstances, the race meeting will be staged behind closed doors and without spectators,” said Gold Circle CEO Michel Nairac. "We have been working on different forms which this year’s Vodacom Durban July could take. Initially we moved the event date out from 4 to 25 July in order to allow for the preliminary feature race program leading up to the VDJ to take place and to allow for more time to pass with the possibility of less restrictions being in place," Stephen Marshall told Daily Sun. "Further to that decision, we have now confirmed that the event will take place 'behind closed doors', which in effect means that the public will not be able to attend this year. Other countries such as Australia, France, America and Sweden are already successfully holding horse racing behind closed doors with countries like the United Kingdom planning to start racing again under similar conditions in the near future. "These decisions have meant that we can now move forward with planning an event which the public can engage with virtually and we will be working towards creating a world class experience that our audience can participate in, wherever they may be on 25 July, " he continued. As a result this means, there will be no marquees, no live spectators and no celebrities walking on the grass with their expensive designer outfits. "Only those personnel such as trainers, jockeys, grooms, filming crew, security and race day officials required to ensure that the integrity of the event is maintained will be allowed access to the race course on the day. " When asked about the cost of arranging the event he said: "So far the major effect has been the unknown of what the situation will be and what restrictions are likely to be in place at that future point in time. Therefore, we have needed to plan for a number of different scenarios, all taking into account different levels of restrictions. The success of this event as a social spectacle drives sponsorship revenue and therefore one of the major costs this year, by not being an 'open to public' event, is going to be a decrease in sponsorship revenue as well as revenue derived through hospitality and betting at Hollywoodbets Greyville on the day. "The cost to the city and Tourism KZN is likely to be even greater as the Vodacom Durban July represents one of the major events in Durban over the July period which historically has been one of the attractions for a large contingent of local and international tourists to the province over this time. "The key for horseracing in KZN is to be allowed to start racing again behind closed doors as soon as possible, which will allow for horses to qualify to run in the VDJ. The industry cannot survive very much longer in the current situation with no horseracing being allowed to take place, as the operators are not able to earn any revenue to sustain the industry. We have had two applications to start racing during Level 4 rejected by the National  Coronavirus Command Council, even though other jurisdictions around the world have shown that this is possible. "The current plan is for the actual VDJ horse race to take place in a highly regulated and controlled environment, but for the social interaction and entertainment to be a virtual experience for the public. It is possible, but unlikely that the Vodacom Durban July race will be staged as a virtual race. One of the reasons for this is that in KZN, betting on virtual events has not been legalised and with reduced sponsorship income and potentially no betting revenue a completely virtual event would not be viable, " he said.