THE coronavirus outbreak could help WBF lightweight champion Ayanda “Greyhound” Nkosi complete his unfinished business on the local boxing scene. Nkosi could face off with reigning national champion Tshifhiwa “The Atomic Spider” Munyai once the government gives the green light for boxing to resume once Covid-19 has been contained. Immediately after his victory against the Eastern Cape’s Siphosethu Mvula to win the SA lightweight crown, Munyai threw down the gauntlet to local lightweight kingpins such as Nkosi and Xolisani Ndongeni to fight him. With the Nkosi-Munyai clash being talked about, Munyai said he would give Nkosi his acid test in the ring. Although Nkosi started from the bottom, climbing up the ladder, eliminating local and international opponents to get to the top, Munyai is not convinced. On his last contest, the lanky fighter from Katlehong in Ekurhuleni produced an outstanding performance stopping vastly experienced Mexican Emanuel Lopez to annex the WBF crown. “Look man, Nkosi is a good fighter who comes into the ring super fit, he always makes sure he brings an A-level of fitness to the game but I don’t see him beating me,” said Munyai. “He has not been tested, the only lightweight fighter he fought in SA is Thompson Mokwana. However, you can’t count Mokwana as a tough opponent because he lacks hunger to succeed and only fights for money. “In his last eight contests, he won three fights. “Another opponent Nkosi has beaten, Jeffrey Magagane is a natural featherweight, not in a same weight class as him.” Munyai, a former IBO champion said his contest with Nkosi will produce a thriller. He said local battles carried more excitement. “Every time when the local promoters bring international opponents from countries like Phillipines and Mexico, we know that the visiting boxer will lose,” he said. However, Munyai’s remarks has angered Nkosi’s manager Vusi Malinga saying they will send the Limpopo-born fighter straight to retirement when they meet. “He will pay for what he has been saying. Ayanda does not have time to entertain an old man. Talk is cheap if he is sure about beating Ayanda he must bring his SA title and see who is the boss. After whipping him we will leave the SA title in the ring,” said Malinga.