MAMELODI Sundowns have been known to be one of the most difficult teams to break into in the Premier Soccer League. This is because the Tshwane giants have always gone after the best talent Mzansi has to offer, making competition for places in the team fiercely contested. Several players have signed for Sundowns in the past, only to make up the numbers in a squad always bulging with talent. Under the tutelage of Pitso Mosimane, the Brazilians seem to have found the balance between spending big and producing their own talented youngsters. However, they remain one of the toughest teams for players to break into as they consistently boast the best players. In recent times, even stars such as Oupa Manyisa and Jeremy Brockie have struggled to make their mark at Chloorkop. Manyisa has not been helped by injuries, while Brockie was shipped out on loan to KwaZulu Natal outfit Maritzburg United. Former Kaizer Chiefs star George Lebese is another one who tried without any success to get into the star-studded Downs outfit. He eventually cut his losses and moved to the United States League Championship to play for the Colorado Springs Switchbacks. SunSport looks at a few other Downs players who are currently sitting on the sidelines more than on the team sheet. LUCKY MOHOMI Mamelodi-born star midfielder Mohomi has struggled to nail down a regular place in the star-studded Sundowns team since his move from Free State Stars in 2016. Mohomi, who only managed to make two appearances for Downs last season, is yet to feature in an official game this campaign. He has been left frustrated with the lack of playing opportunities at the club, but he had no choice but to soldier on and force his way into coach Mosimane’s plans. ‘Even though it is frustrating sitting outside, it’s more of a learning curve and for growth,” he recently told his club’s official website. “I believe that now I am ready, and my time is coming for me to showcase my talent.” But George Maluleka and Grant Margeman’s imminent arrival at Chloorkop could signal the end for Mohomi, who will most likely fall further down the pecking order. AUBREY NGOMA Ngoma arrived at Downs from Cape Town City in January 2018, hopeful he would be a regular feature in the successful team. However, things have not worked out that way for the 31-year-old former Orlando Pirates winger as he has spent more time in the stands than on the field. He has played slightly more games this season though, four in all competitions compared to the two appearances he made the season before. However, this is nowhere near the amount of minutes he would like to make, especially for a player who is over 30. It is worth mentioning that like Mohomi, injuries have not been helpful as he struggled to regain his best physical condition without regular game time. BANGALY SOUMAHORO Touted to be former Downs captain Alje Schut’s replacement, Soumahoro has found the going tough, struggling for consistent game time at the club. The centre-back has had to settle for a place on the bench in recent times, with Mosimane preferring the likes of Wayne Arendse, Ricardo Nascimento, Motjeka Madisha, Mosa Lebuso and Rivaldo Coetzee in the heart of defence. The Ivorian has only made six appearances in all competitions for Mosimane’s charges this season.