THE coronavirus-enforced lockdown may have put lives on pause. Even football in some parts of the world has been brought to a standstill, with no certainty about when activity will resume. But for Aubrey Modiba, the dream of a move overseas is well and truly alive. Even though he would not reveal any suitors for his services, the SuperSport United quicksilver winger has made his ambition clear, looking to move overseas at the time when the country is exporting lesser and lesser players abroad. “It would be nice to further my career overseas. It’s my ambition and a dream I’m hoping to fulfil,” Modiba. “I’m happy with my progress so far. I have learnt a lot but it would be great to grow my career overseas.” The 24-year-old was left disappointed after he failed to make the January transfer to neighbours Mamelodi Sundowns. He will be out of contract next month, becoming eligible for a move without the hindrance of contract obligations. Manager Glyn Binkin has reiterated Modiba’s ambition to move overseas, explaining his intention of taking his career to a higher level. “Many clubs are interested in him, some overseas,” said Binkin. “We have a couple of options. But we will see. At the moment his priority is SuperSport. Ultimately though, he wants to move abroad in order to grow as a footballer. “That’s what he wants and that’s what we will be working on. We will do whatever is takes to get him overseas. That is where he wants to go and all we can do is to help him fulfil his objective.” If he is not training alone under quarantine, Modiba could be found in his hometown of Ga-Mamabolo in Polokwane, contributing towards the Covid-19 relief in poor communities through his foundation. Modiba has joined forces with teammates Grant Kekana and the two are distributing food parcels and masks to vulnerable citizens through their respective foundations. “It’s good to see people receiving food parcels,” Modiba said. “Despite the hectic training schedule, I still manage to visit the community and make a contribution.”