 IT WAS certainly not a gift for children to treasure, love and treat like a baby.“This doll was sent to spread pain and to kill,” said sangoma Nzama Maluleke. IT IS THE MUTHI DOLL OF DEATH! Wrapped in red wool, the doll has nails in its feet and three nails in its head. A massive bread knife is tied to its chest. The doll was found among lots of food that was apparently going to be delivered by the bakkie to zama zamas at a mine in Bekkersdal in the West Rand District Municipality. Sangoma Nzama Maluleke told Daily Sun he had no doubt the doll was a death trap. “Such things are used to kill others by calling their names while pouring muthi,” he said. “The rope is used to tie the person up and the knife finishes the person off by stabbing the chest.” Nzama said such dolls are evil and deadly. “People shouldn’t practise these things. It’s for taking someone’s life, all in the name of greed. These dolls aren’t made by sangomas but by evil people,” said the sangoma. The cooking oil, corned meat, canned fish, coffee creamer, coffee, powdered milk, biscuits, sweets, cereal and mealie meal and chest medication were wrapped in layers of plastic and covered with bubble wrap. The packages had the name “Mabaka” written on them. Apart from food there were Bluetooth speakers and batteries, possibly to entertain the underground community of zama zamas. It’s said that some of them stay underground for months at a time. The parcels, however, never made it to where they were supposed to be delivered. Four people including a supervisor at a well-known security company were arrested. The parcels are allegedly smuggled through mine ventilation systems by operators who use grinders to cut through the metal doors and get food to zama zamas in mine shafts. Gauteng police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo told the People’s Paper: “Security guards were patrolling in the area when they approached a white bakkie on Tuesday evening. “As they got closer four people jumped out and ran away. The driver was caught.” After being questioned, the driver led cops to a house in Bekkersdal. A Toyota Quantum filled to capacity with food was found there. There were also food parcels inside the house, ready to be transported. “Preliminary investigations revealed that all that food was meant for zama zamas who’re underground,” said Masondo. “We arrested the driver of the bakkie and three others found in the house.”