SEX has evolved from being a mere reproduction tool for humans. Thanks to the comforts of modern life, it’s become a recreational activity that can be spiced up in many ways, including exotic fantasies. As such, sharing your wild ideas with your partner and bringing them to life is a guaranteed way of ensuring your sexual experiences turn into memorable and exciting adventures. But for many people, the idea of opening up to their partner is easier said than done. Sex and relationship educator Kate McCombs feels communication is essential to a great sex life. And clinical psychologist Sandra Browning, who counsels couples, shared Kate’s sentiments. Explained Sandra: “In most relationships I deal with, couples feel uncomfortable talking about sex in general. Whether it’s about their fantasies or preferences, people are scared to discuss it with their partners.” She was adamant a person should tell their partner about their fantasies when the time was right. Said Sandra: “There needs to be such a comfort level in your relationship that any topic can be discussed. It’s important to let your partner know if it’s just a fantasy or something you feel you really need to do. “For example, it may be a fantasy to have a threesome, but when they actually think about it, it’s not something they’d really follow through on. It’s important to understand your own sexual desires, needs and fantasies before communicating them to someone else.” When asked how a person with freaky sexual fantasies could communicate the idea with a partner who only wanted vanilla sex, Sandra said “communicate, communicate, communicate”. “That’s what I tell all my couples. Try to understand why your partner isn’t open to exploring other areas of your sexual life together,” she said. “Sometimes fear and misinformation may be the issue. Also, be sure you’re able to properly and fully explain what you want to try and experience. Be certain if this is a need or just something you want to try.” A 26-year-old lady from Durban said she was lucky to have a partner who was into the same things she was into. “I’d always wanted to be spanked during sex. I learned this from anex-boyfriend,” she said. So, when I got into my new relationship, I had to introduce my new boyfriend to my fantasy. Turns out he’d always had the same fantasy but not tried it with anyone. So together, we have our little punishments in the bedroom. It makes sex fun, especially after an argument.” Ayanda, who preferred to withhold his surname, said he told his girlfriend about his wish to have hot sex in a forest like a naturalist. “Two months into our relationship, I told this to my girlfriend, who’s now my fiancée,” Ayanda recalled. “It came as a shock to her and she initially thought it was a crazy idea. But she got interested after we spoke more about it. Communicating before doing something is a smart move. “You can’t just ambush someone and have sex in a forest without asking them first.”