19000 low risk inmates will be freed early from prison! This was announced by the Minister of Justice and Correctional Service Ronald Lamola during a virtual media briefing on Friday. He said the decision to place the inmates on parole was after President Cyril Ramaphosa's response to the call made by United Nation (UN). He said the President has authorised the placement on parole of selected categories of sentenced offenders as a measure to combat the spread of COVID-19 in correctional facilities, which are considered high-risk areas for infection. The Office of the President also released a statement stating that Ramaphosa has taken this decision in terms of Section 82(1)(a) of the Correctional Services Act of 1998 which empowers the President to authorise at any time the placement on correctional supervision or parole of any sentenced prisoner, subject to conditions that may be recommended by the Correctional Supervision and Parole Board. Lamola said the people who will qualify for the early release will be those classified as low risk offenders who have passed their minimum detention period. He said inmates serving prison terms for serious crimes are excluded from the parole dispensation. "This dispensation excludes inmates sentenced to life imprisonment or serving terms for specified serious crimes including sexual offences, murder and attempted murder, gender based violence and child abuse." "Offenders may be arrested and imprisoned again if they violate parole conditions," he said. He said inmates that will be affected by this decision will be placed on parole instead of having their sentences remitted. "They will therefore continue to serve their sentence under Community Corrections until they reach their respective sentence expiry dates," he said. He said currently, the Covid-19 preventative measures are stretched to the brink. "We have managed thus far, but the spread of the virus continues. “We ought to act decisively and prevent this invisible killer from rapidly multiplying in our Centres," he said. He conveyed his gratitude in regard to the officials of correctional services who held the fort thus far in managing the spread of the virus in their centres. He announced that since Thursday they have recorded 172 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in Correctional Services.