A JEALOUS husband from Mfuleni in Cape Town and his wife died in hospital at the weekend. Luvuyo Kota (59) allegedly tried to burn his family by setting their shack on fire. A child died at the scene while Luvuyo and his wife Nosandiso (40) died on Friday and Saturday. Daily Sun published the story on Friday headlined, “Jealous husband tries to burn family”. One of their kids, Sive (24), told Daily Sun that her dad was abusive. “My father was abusing all of us. He used to beat my mother,” said Sive. She said her dad would chase away anyone who wanted to help her mum. “My mother didn’t have friends. She was not even allowed to have visitors, including her neighbours, because she was abused every day. “I am hurt that she’s no more because of someone who didn’t even respect her.” She said they were unemployed and didn’t know how they’d bury the dead. “Now we have to bury three people – my younger sister, my mother and my father. No one is working and we’re asking SunReaders to help bury our loved ones.” Sive said her father was cruel and didn’t care about anyone. “He was a monster who didn’t care about anyone else but himself. He would even take the money we made from doing people’s hair. I don’t know how I feel about him. But I feel hurt about losing my mum and my sister. They died in a cruel way.” Family friend Sindile Maqokola (57) said they were worried about the kids. “We are sad about what the father did. It’s a pity that he can’t answer for his evil deed.” He told the People’s Paper that the kids didn’t even have a place to stay. “They were renting a place. They can’t even go back to Mthatha because the father had sold their house,” said Sindile. Councillor Thembisile Batembu said as a community they were still shocked. “Men are supposed to protect women and kids. What happened here should never happen again. It was not supposed to happen.” Sindile said they paid R1 400 for DNA tests. “When we paid the money the parents were still alive in hospital. We will wait for the family to tell us what to do, but they must know that we will be with them all the way.”