FOLLOWING the departure of captain Dean Furman, SuperSport United has named Bafana Bafana international goalkeeper Ronwen Williams as the new club captain. The 27-year-old was scouted twice in 2004 (Danone Under12 tournament in Polokwane and the Schools Winter Sports games in Pietermaritzburg). He joined the Matsatsantsa academy in 2005 and captained the Under17 team to victory in the Engen Knock-out competition coached by his current mentor Kaitano Tembo in 2008. Tembo has since developed a wonderful working relationship with Ronwen and remains a true believer of his loyalty and leadership in taking the club forward and has rewarded him with this massive milestone. He was promoted to the first team in 2011/2012 season at the age of 19 and made his debut in a CAF Champions league match against Matlama FC (Lesotho) keeping a clean sheet. Nine years later he has broken the club record having 310 caps under his belt keeping 118 clean sheets. Williams has collected seven trophies during his Matsatsantsa stay, which include three Nedbank Cup and MTN 8 trophies and a Telkom Knock-Out title. Ronwen Williams said, “Firstly, this is a dream come true and feel honoured and privileged to lead this wonderful team. It's an achievement which comes with loads of responsibilities, but one that I am looking forward too. "I have learned so much over the years through the different leaders and I will put everything into practice. I would like to give special thanks to our head coach Kaitano Tembo for trusting me once again to lead the team as he did in 2008 at the academy. "The chairman (Mr Khulu Sibiya) and the CEO (Stan Matthews) have given me their full support and this a massive challenge for me, but one I will cherish and give my level best in all times.” Matsatsantsa head coach Kaitano Tembo added, “Ronwen Williams came through our development ranks and has been with us since the age of 12. "Ronwen knows the club culture and is well respected in the dressing room. He was working very well with Dean Furman as his vice-captain and I have no doubt that he will carry the baton from where Dean left off. "I wish him all the best and success, because he deserves it.” 