Boost for University of South Africa (Unisa) students as they would be receiving free data to assist them during their studies and exams. The university in partnership with telecoms giant MTN will ensure every registered student receive free 30 GB of data per month. The initiative would see Unisa paying for 24 million gigabytes and would pay near R60 million for its 390 000 students. “The two organisations recently concluded a business agreement that will see all currently registered Unisa students receive 30 GB of data per month (10 GB anytime and 20 GB night time) for a period of two months from mid-May to mid-July 2020. The full details of this agreement, including the procedure to access the offering, will be communicated to students shortly,” Unisa said in a statement. Despite the lockdown due to coronavirus, Unisa students will proceed with their May/June exams however in a different set up. All exams would be off-venue and will be conducted online. Students are over the moon after receiving the news that the university will provide data. “It looks like I got it all figured out by choosing this unversity, Unisa is the only university whose students had a minimal disruption due to coronavirus. We are proceeding when students from other university are struggling to adjust to the new way of learning from home. For me there wasn’t much of a difference and now we are getting some data,” said Nomalanga Malangeni from Nyanga who is a third year Law student. Unisa Vice-Chancellor Professor Mandla Makhanya said they are driven by Ubuntu hence they are taking the burden of students. “As a caring and responsible university, driven by strong values of Ubuntu/Botho and being fully cognisant of the dire socio-economic conditions that many of our students find themselves in, we took a considered decision that all our students must have access to data, with the university carrying the cost, so that they are enabled to write their exams and succeed in their studies. “Our partnership with MTN is also ideal in this regard, not only because of the favourable rate they have given us, but most importantly because of the size of their footprint and their reach,”added Makhanya. Wanda Matandela the Chief Enterprise Officer at MTN Business said: “We are proud to partner with Unisa on this important initiative. At MTN we believe in delivering the benefits of a modern connected life to all South Africans and this partnership allowed us to collaborate in the interest of enabling continuous learning for the benefit of theirstudents at this difficult time.”