The Covid-19 infection rate could jump from 5% to 10% per day as South Africa emerges from a five-week hard lockdown from Friday. Scientists are expecting a "rapid rise" in infections ahead of the disease hitting its peak in summer. Not all experts agree on just what the increase will be, but two of the country’s foremost experts on Covid-19 believe the easing of the lockdown will see the infection rate increase until about September.Professor Tulio de Oliveira, director of the KwaZulu-Natal Research and Innovation Sequencing Platform at the University of KwaZulu-Natal, an organisation that has assisted the government with data analysis for its Covid-19 response, says the infection rates will increase to about 10% per day after the lockdown is downgraded. Professor Salim Abdool Karim, who chairs the ministerial advisory committee on Covid-19, which advises the Minister of Health on how the government should respond to the pandemic, said the infection rate would increase, although he said he did not know what the percentage increase would be.While there is no report of news deaths related to coronavirus, the number of cases climbed by 297 to 564, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize announced on Thursday."I anticipate that, once we lift the lockdown, we will expect the number of cases to rise," he said. After five weeks of Level 5 lockdown, roughly 1.5 million workers are due to start returning to work as of May 1 under Level 4, as the government attempts to open up some parts of the economy. On Wednesday, the government gazette a raft of new regulations that will govern the nation's lives as of Friday. This includes a nationwide curfew from 8pm to 5am for everyone, besides essential workers, and strict hygiene and physical distancing rules for businesses returning to work. A National Treasury presentation on Thursday predicted job losses of between 2.5 and 7 million.No time for complacencyAlthough the lockdown will, as of Friday, no longer be at Level 5, the highest risk assessment level, Abdool Karim says this is no time for complacency. Abdool Karim said: "Hopefully, we will still practice social distancing and so on, so that the rate at which it increases will be tempered, and I think we will see a slow and steady rise in cases. I think that will sort of lead to a point where it will rise more rapidly," he said, adding that the "mathematical models" put the peak of infections at August or September.Covid-19 tracker: All the latest figures as the coronavirus spreads in SAMinister in the Presidency Jackson Mthembu also indicated this week that the government expected the infections to peak around September. Abdool Karim said the lockdown was initiated when the virus was growing exponentially, and all of the steps put in place by the government, including stopping international travel and the lockdown, had led to a lower level of community transmissions. "So, perceivably, the threat is different now than it was then. But that's not a reason for complacency because that exponential growth is coming. And if we adopt the approach that wehave got nothing to worry about, then we underestimate this virus, and we'll go back to square one quite quickly. "And we are banking on people persisting with precautions: wearing a mask, washing their hands, keep social distancing," he said, adding that these precautions were "absolutely key".  "So if we stop doing that, we'll undo all of the benefits. You can't look at what we did under the lockdown as, now it's all done, let's go back and have a party. You can't do that. And I have tried to explain that. Life is going to be different." Rise in infectionsDe Oliveira has been tracking SA's trajectory versus the United Kingdom's, as the two countries had strikingly similar trajectories in the early days of the outbreak. Both had a daily infection rate of about 33% in the beginning, but SA's is now at around 5%, thanks to the measures the government has put in place, he says. De Oliveira says a rise in infections, from 5% -10% a day, is likely when the lockdown is eased. "This means a real time doubling of the epidemic of 10 to 20 days," he says."For example, at the start of the outbreak, South African cases were doubling every third day. So it means that cases would go from 100 to 200 (in three days) to 400 (in three days) to 800 (in three days); in this example, in nine days the cases would increase from 100 to 800. We were basically following the UK trajectory. If we had kept following this trajectory, with little government response in the first two months of the outbreak, we would have around 60 000 infections now (and not the approximate 5 000 that we have now)," he says. He says our daily rate of infections has reduced from 33% per day to about 5% per day. "This is analysing real data, provided every day by the NICD (National Institute for Communicable Diseases) and the DoH (Department of Health)." A busker wearing a face mask to prevent the spreadA busker wearing a face mask to prevent the spread of the coronavirus walks in the streets in Cape Town. The 10% increase is not a worst-case scenario, he says. The worst-case scenario, De Oliveira says, is that we return to the 33% daily increase, where the epidemic doubles every three days. Are we prepared?Aside from trying to slow down the exponential growth of the infection, the lockdown's purpose was also to buy the country time to prepare for the growth that was coming. An essential part of this was to ramp up testing and screening across the country. Abdool Karim said the country's screening programme has been immensely successful, with just over 10% of the entire population having been screened so far. And the country's testing programme has also increased significantly, particularly in the last two weeks, he said  