MAMELODI Sundowns midfielder Sammy Seabi says he has recovered fully from injury and ready to fight for his place in the side. The 25-year-old has had his fair share of injuries since he joined the nine-time league champions from Polokwane City on a three-year deal at the beginning of the season. These niggling injuries have seen him only feature in three league matches, one MTN8 and also one in the Nedbank Cup fixture. His last appearance for the Brazilians was against VUT Students in the Ke Yona Cup Last-16 on 23 February, in which he played the full 90 minutes, where Pitso Mosimane’s men cruised to a 2-0 victory at Lucas Moripe Stadium. Since then, he has missed the last four matches in all competitions. Seabi has assured that when the league does resume, he’ll be working hard to regain his place in the heart of the midfield where coach Mosimane has mostly preferred two workhorses – Hlompho Kekana and Andile Jali. But now he waits like other players and fans to see if and when the Absa Premiership will continue following the PSL suspending the Absa Premiership and GladAfrica Championship due to the outbreak of coronavirus. “Any challenge, I’m ready, physically and mentally,” declares the gangly midfielder. “It is just a matter of returning to the team and try and finish where we left off.” When the season was halted due to Covid-19 outbreak on 16 March, Sundowns were second on the table with 44 points from 21 matches, four points adrift of leaders Kaizer Chiefs with the game in hand. In the meantime, Seabi is doing his bit to offer those in need in this difficult time brought by the virus by handing out groceries through his Sammy Seabi Foundation in his own province. At first, Seabi was buying school shoes and uniforms for disadvantaged children back in 2017 when his foundation started. He said he knows the struggle they face as he has been in that situation before. “Giving back is something that is in me. I’ve grown up like this, and it is something that I’m used to,” he said. “When I see someone struggling I try to help. We are saying as a foundation, in life you are not alone. So we are doing our best where we can.”