RETIREMENT is the last thing on Tsepo Masilela’s mind! In fact, the AmaZulu full-back reckons he still has a lot left in the tank to go beyond the Covid-19 pandemic. The veteran defender who just turned 35, has three months left on his short contract with Usuthu, having joined them in November. The move had followed 14 months of inaction for Masilela who had left Kaizer Chiefs after six fruitful seasons. But just when many thought he’d hung up his boots, Masilela resurfaced at the coastal team where he has already made a notable impact. However, the coronavirus enforced break, like it has for many players of his age, has brought uncertainly to his future. “I remember reading an interview by Robin van Persie where he talked about the uncertainty of football, ” said Masilela. “You can plan to play for six years at a particular team. But anything can happen in football. The club may decide not to renew your contract. You can get injured. Look, even Dean Furman is moving back to the UK. Family is also involved. It’s tough to plan when exactly one is going to retire. “Football is a tough career. Some players disappear after two seasons and people wonder what happened to them. But I haven’t thought about retirement.” Admittedly, the break is messing up with plans for the former Bafana Bafana defender, who had picked up form when the PSL suspended football indefinitely. “The aim was just to play again, help the team where I can because they have given me a chance, and will see what happens when the contract ends, ” he explained. “Unfortunately, now it’s a different story altogether with the pandemic. We don’t know what’s the next step with contracts ending soon. “We will have to see what happens next. We can’t rush to go back. Football can continue. But when you lose lives, you can’t get them back. We have to obey the lockdown regulations as said by our leaders in government.” Masilela knows all too well about training alone, having spent a considerable amount of months without a club. But he is not finding the old methods handy as he now belongs to a structure. He continued: “It’s different. Now I can’t go to the gym or join a group of friends for a kick-about. It is not easy for South African players. It’s not like we have gyms at home like the overseas players. “But so far the team is helping with a programme they have come up with for the players. It gets updated on the team media group.” Usuthu are still in choppy waters, sitting ominously in 15th spot on 23 points with six matches left this season, but only three ahead of bottom-placed Black Leopards. “It was tough when I stopped playing. I was also injured. Fortunately, I still have a chance to play, a chance to help the team and that is exactly what I intend doing, ” Masilela concluded.