  THE lockdown was bleeding the government’s spending money
and the sooner the economy is allowed to re-open the better, but this must be
done carefully to save lives. This was part of the presentation of Finance Minister Tito
Mboweni to the Parliament Portfolio Finance Committee virtually yesterday where
he told MPs that the country was losing billions of tax revenue. Mboweni also revealed to MPs that he was not opposed to the
banning of alcohol and cigarettes which he said was costing government billions
on tax revenue while the illicit sale of cigarettes was thriving. He said he had lost to debate to his Cabinet peers to have
alcohol and cigarettes sold and had had to toe the line. “There’s no doubt, in my view, that opening the economy is
urgent – but the urgency must be tempered by the need to protect the lives of
our people. So, we need to have a balance. It is not an either-or situation,
but a balanced situation. “If there is one thing this pandemic has demonstrated is
that the revenue doesn’t fall like manna from heaven, it comes from economic
activity,” he told the committee. Mboweni said the pandemic has changed the economic situation
and with it comes a different approach and the National Command Council would
make recommendations to Cabinet on how to go about opening the economy. The pandemic came at a time when SARS was chasing revenue
from illicit companies locally and abroad and it now had to juggle in collecting
revenue after the country has been hit by the deadly virus. “We are in difficult times, challenging times but we can’t
keep our eyes off the ball. Difficult times help to sharpen our minds. We have
to be finding solutions where they seem very elusive. “The challenge for National Treasury now is how to come up
with a set of numbers which make sense politically and from an accounting point
of view, against which we can benchmark performance. “Opening the economy is important, but this must be balanced
with the need to protect the lives of people,” he said. He said added that the sooner the lockdown is downgraded to
level 2 the better but cautioned that the move must be informed so as not to
result in the loss of lives. On the state-owned entities, Mboweni said the department was
no longer going to be “pouring” money into dysfunctional SOEs. “We are interested in supporting those SOEs that are
functioning well. For instance, we are a shareholder in Telkom,” he said. He further told the committee that the department would buy
facial masks in the fight against the deadly virus from small businesses. “No business is excluded. Large companies that can produce
sophisticated gear should do that, but equally, we should support SMMEs. We
should buy masks where we can afford them,” he said. This seemed to have struck a chord with committee
co-chairperson Joe Maswanganyi who hailed this move saying small, medium, and
micro enterprises should be given an equal opportunity as long as they met
required minimum standards. Mboweni’s warnings of the bleeding economy under lockdown
come on a day when SARS commissioner Edward Kieswetter announced that the
lockdown and ailing economy could lead to the loss of R265 billion in revenue. Kieswetter reportedly warned that the jobs lost and
companies that were forced to close shop during the lockdown may not be
regained when the pandemic ends. “It takes 100 businesses to create one successful business.
So, for every one we lose, we will have to have a hundred if not more
entrepreneurs to take the risk (to start a new business),” he was quoted as
saying.