STATISTICS show that GladAfrica Championship players have been outclassing their Absa Premiership counterparts when it comes to scoring goals. Even this season, that seems to be the case. The Championship is surging ahead, with Ajax Cape Town winger Abednigo Mosiathlaga leading the scoring charts with 16 goals. He is two goals ahead compared to the Premiership leading scorer Gabadinho Mhango of Orlando Pirates, who has netted 14. However, the stats show again that players who finish as Championship top scorers struggle once they get into the top flight. In the past seasons, we have seen players such as David Zulu, Phumelele Bhengu, Thabiso Kutumela, Ranga Chivaviro, Sedwyn George and even last season Championship top scorer, Iqraam Rayners, failing to continue with their magic goal scoring touch in the top-flight. They all found the Premiership a hard nut to crack against the big boys. As a result, they struggle for game time. Even when they get a chance to play, they battle to reproduce the kind of performances that put them on top in the Championship simply because they are not scoring goals. There’s no clear reason what seemed to be the problem as they find it difficult to adapt to the Premiership. SunSport caught up with former Royal Eagles striker George, who scored three astonishing hat-tricks in 2016-17 season when he finished top scorer with 20 goals to his name. After his impressive displays, the Pietermaritzburg-born striker joined Ajax Cape Town in the top flight where he failed to impress. “It is disappointing to be part of the statistics, but I think the style of play that comes with different coaches make a difference in the number of opportunities that are created by a team,” George said. “When I won Golden Boot under coach Kostadin Papic (at Eagles), his type of attacking football always provided a scoring opportunity not only for me as a striker but also for midfielders. “In the PSL with Ajax, my role as a striker changed. The attacking football that I once played under Papic was not the way Ajax played.” George is now back in the Championship with Real Kings where he is hoping to regain his best form and be among the top strikers again. “Now I know what is required from me at Kings. “The role that I have now at Kings requires both defending and attack, so it requires a lot of hard work,” he added.