THE scars left on their bodies will be a constant reminder that they were once victims of the alleged attacks by cops and soldiers. Mbongeni Nkosi (32) and Musa Madela (38) from Aquadene in Richards Bay, northern KZN, claimed they were brutally attacked at their respective homes on Sunday. The two men don’t know each other but they both told Daily Sun they wanted the state to investigate and take harsh actions against the cops and soldiers who allegedly beat them. Musa said he still didn’t know why he was attacked because he was in his yard and not breaking any lockdown regulations. “I was sitting inside my car because I wanted to be alone as I was making a call. The next thing I saw the cops and defence force members coming toward my car in my yard. I didn’t run or panic because I knew I wasn’t doing anything wrong. They didn’t say a word. They just started beating me up using a sjambok-like object and left me on the ground,” said Musa. He said he called his girlfriend to come and help him nurse the bruises. Mbongeni said he was at home watching TV when he heard noise in his yard. He said when he went to investigate, he saw lots of cops and soldiers.  He said he then closed the door as he suspected they were chasing people who were breaking lockdown regulations. “But that was not the case. After I closed the door, they said I must open. Before I could answer them, they forcibly pushed my door down and entered the house. “They went into all the rooms, searching. I asked them what they were looking for and they said they were looking for alcohol. I told them I’m not selling alcohol and that’s when the problem started,” said Mbongeni. He said they told him to come with them outside. But I regret going with them outside because that’s where they started beating me up. When I asked them why they were beating me up they said I had hidden alcohol from them. I’ve never in my life sold alcohol. “I want them to face harsh punishment for beating me up for nothing,” said Mbongeni, who lives alone. He said after the beating, he went back inside his house because he was scared. He later went to open a case. Ipid’s acting national spokesman Sontaga Seisa confirmed they received the incident report from Mbongeni, and they will start their investigation on the assault case shortly.