 ON SOCIAL media, most people agreed that he had made his own money and he could boast about his success if he wanted to.But Hamilton has thought about it and is sorry for posting the video of the five expensive cars.“I REALISE IT WAS IN BAD TASTE,” HE SAID. The video, showing new cars being delivered to his house, surfaced on Sunday. The cheapest is a Jeep Cherokee worth about R800 000, three Porsches, and the most expensive is a Lamborghini Urus at almost R4 million. All five vehicles, with a total value of about R10 million, were apparently bought on the same day! Hamilton posted a statement on his timeline. “I realised the video was in poor taste and appeared at a very unfortunate time in our country,” he wrote on Twitter on Monday. He acted on advice from family and community elders. He said the timing was unfortunate and apologised for the embarrassment it caused. “I accept that this video has caused much anger and anxiety in the past few days and rendered the family vulnerable to unnecessary attention.” Hamilton apologised to his community, business associates and colleagues who supported him throughout the years. He said the video wasn’t meant to imply that challenges such as poverty, especially at this point in time, didn’t matter. He had noted the comments on social media, whether encouraging, warning or critical. According to Hamilton Holdings’ website, the “growing professional services company” belongs to Thabiso Hamilton Ndlovu. The company’s head offices are in filthy-rich Melrose Arch in the northern suburbs of Joburg, and there are three branches around the country. The website says the company provides commercial and engineering services in southern Africa. The website claims nearly 20 years of experience. But Mzansi told Hamilton to relax. Tshepi Moremong said: “Its really unfortunate that you have to be crucified for your achievements, but it is understandable. Strength to you and your family.” @Eunisko said: “There comes a time when you have to celebrate yourself. I hope you’re forgiven.” Letso Msia said: “It’s very unfortunate that you have to apologise for your achievements. I can assure you that you’ve inspired many and made us realise it’s possible.”