A
family from Taylors outside Pietermaritzburg in KZN is currently in hiding as
they fear for their lives. The
family said since 2017 they have lost five family members, had their business
torched but no arrests have been made despite giving police information. They
said as they don't know what to do anymore they want all cases related to these
incidents investigated at the provincial level. Family
member (30) who asked not to be named told Daily Sun that they are in hiding
following the more than ten incidents of attacks and five deaths in their
family. She
said since 2017 they have reported until the last incident which was on Tuesday
where their business was burnt but cops don't do anything. "The
last incident where a family member was killed was this year January,"
said the family member. She
said when these attacks began they thought it was related to taxi violence as
the family is in the taxi business. "But
at a later stage, we heard that there are also our family members involved. We
couldn't believe it. We were attacked even when we were in hiding," said
the family member. She
said after hearing that there are family members involved they then realised
the reason why they were attacked even in the places they were hiding in.  "So
now we no longer reveal to anyone about where we are hiding as we fear that we
will be followed," she said. She
said they don't understand why they are being attacked. "Our
taxis are not operating and the business that was burnt where we used to rent
out TBLs, sold cement and sand was also not operating," she said. She
said that business alone was attacked two times, last week and this week again.  However,
the Sun Team paid a visit to the area and spoke to a few residents. A
woman who asked not to be named said: "You are looking for the Ngcobo's
house, I can’t help you." Then she walked away. Another
resident said: "That family issue is very deep. I heard that they are
fighting over businesses. They left the area several months ago. Even the
business that was burnt was no longer operating. Their taxis are also not
operating anymore." Another
madala said: "Continue asking around for matters relating to the Ngcobo
family at your own risk." KZN
cops spokesman Brigadier Jay Naicker said: "There are several cases opened
that are being investigated by the cluster committee and provincial taxi task
team." Naicker said the head of services and violent
crime investigation unit in this province has
indicated that he will establish a team to investigate all these dockets as
there are indications that these are attacks and counter-attacks and that victims
may know the perpetrator. "There is only one case where a witness
was placed in the witness protection program. A
suspect was arrested however the case was declined in court," said
Naicker. He said they are appealing for any possible
witness that may have information that can assist investigators to come
forward. "They can be placed in the witness
protection program," said Naicker. Meanwhile
cops spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed that charges of arson,
attempted murder, and malicious damage to property were opened at Taylors Halt
police station for investigation. "The
complainant alleged that unknown suspects set alight two trucks, half bus, a
quantum taxi was and four-room flat. The motive for the attack is
unknown," said Gwala.