SOCIAL Development Minister Zulu has encouraged South Africans to act responsibly in the fight against COVID-19 for the benefit of children. She was speaking at the launch of Child Protection Week in Tlhabane near Rustenburg in the North West after visiting SOS Children’s Village shelters and assessing child readiness to go back to schools for grade 7 and 12 on Monday. The shelters are a group of home owners who have opened up their homes to needy children in their communities. Zulu said it was important to make sure that no child is isolated from society. She said child safety is not only a government responsibility. "It is a responsibility for all of us, both in government and society to really just assist in a way that those that are going to schools there is Covid-19 protocols that are adhered to," she said. She said children are looking forward to going back to school but at the same time are conscious of the fact that the Corona Virus exists. "The children have to write their matric and they would want to make sure that they pass. And I think the teachers have many worries about the fact that they don't have enough PPE and protection. "We are hoping that the department of basic education and higher education, working with the department of health of course will be able to assist and make sure that the children go back to school without being exposed," said Zulu. Zulu added that a total of R7,2 million is spends by the department on NPO funding for children annually. With R4000 spent on each child each month. While the North West only spends about R360 million. Shelter caretaker Bitsang Nkwe lives with eight children in her house. She has been taking care of children for the past 11 years. "My children are from four years to 18 years. And some will be going to school on Monday. I have taught them very well about protecting themselves and those around them from the virus. The small ones also know that they need to disinfect their toys every night before going to bed," said Bitsang. 