BISHOP Israel Makamu has been making the rounds on social media encouraging people to send tithes of R1 000 or R1 200. While some people seem to be sending money, others are disgusted by this behaviour. They are accusing some pastors of milking money from desperate people. Bishop Makamu, known for Moja Love’s Rea Tsotella, even made a video showing people that he was printing out their proofs of payment. MEC DIDN'T FART ON TV! He told Daily Sun the clip is just a part of a video giving encouragement to and showing people how they can deal with the pandemic. He said the money was to help those in need. “If you don’t have it then that message was probably not for you but do not discredit my work as a man of God,” said Makamu. “I’ve been helping people all my life, I didn’t start because of lockdown.” He said he has been donating 500 food parcels every week since the lockdown started. “The money sent by people is the very same money that helps better people’s lives.” Makamu saidhe would like to be respected as he respects others. “These are hard times for ministries. I’ve been encouraging people to help those in need if they can. “This is no time to be discrediting people and bashing them. MAKE 2020 YOUR YEAR, MATRICS TOLD! “You can use that energy to find solutions to help people,” he said. Last month, Daily Sun reported on Prophet Shepherd Bushiri asking his congregants to send money. Athandile on Twitter compared Makamu’s request with Bushiri. “Christians are not supposed to be ignorant. If you’re told to pay money to hear God’s word, then that’s not a man of God speaking,” she said. Thulz said this is why people end up shying away from God. “Such pastors and church leaders only seem to care about money,” said Thulz. Nhlanhla Sithole said churches have become a place for showing off who has the most lavish lifestyle. “They don’t use that money to help those who’re in need.” Ndoso Royalty questioned why one would even ask for R1 000 during such difficult times. Andiswa Mashaba said people should stop worshipping people and start worshipping God.