RESIDENTS of Hambanathi kasi in Tongaat, north of Durban, had claimed cops failed the Mbuthos. They accused Tongaat cops of dragging their feet in their probe into Andile “Bobo” Mbutho’s death. READ: THE 5 DIFFERENT TYPES OF PUNANIS! Bobo (16), suspected of stealing booze from a tavern, was allegedly kidnapped along with a cousin. The Mbuthos were later told he was being beaten at the tavern, but when they got there they were told he had escaped. In a video that surfaced on Facebook last Tuesday, Bobo is seen lying in an empty room with blood on the floor.  Cops on Friday found human remains believed to be Bobo’s in a river in the area, but DNA tests were yet to determine the identity of the dead person. Residents yesterday handed over a petition to Bheki Cele when the police minister visited the family. Cele first went to the bridge where the remains were found, and then went to the tavern which was burnt down by an angry mob. Standing in their yards, residents asked Cele to interevene. Cele said the family had told him they weren’t happy with how cops handled the matter. “The matter has been handed over to provincial cops. I’ve asked for DNA results to be released soon,” said Cele. Cele was also not pleased with Tongaat cops. “That will be investigated and the family informed once the investigation is complete,” he said. Bobo’s aunt Zodwa Jali (39) said the family now had hope.  CPF member Vincent Shandu said: “We want staff at Tongaat cop shop to be transferred elsewhere. “There’ve been several cases which they didn’t investigate. We signed the petition and gave the minister a month to respond.” Seven suspects appeared in the Verulam Magistrates Court on Monday for alleged kidnapping and murder. The matter was postponed to 19 May to verify addresses. He took to Twitter on Sunday: “Just spoke to Bobo’s mum. She’s waiting for the results from the lab to say for sure the burnt and mutilated body is that of her son so they can decide when the burial will be.” Somizi asked people to help where they could and shared banking details. Zodwa said Somizi phoned them over the weekend. “He said he’d like to help if the remains found were indeed Bobo’s,” said Zodwa. After the SunTeam contacted him, Somizi asked to be sent an SMS. But he’d not responded to the SMS at the time of going to print.