If you're looking for tips on how to deal with anxiety, look no further. Dealing with anxiety can be a nightmare, especially if it's on a daily basis. And right now, many people who do not suffer from anxiety may be feeling anxious these past few weeks dealing with the uncertainty of Covid-19. Anxiety is the intense, excessive and persistent worry and fear about everyday situations. Here are ten easy tips to help you with anxiety: BREATHE DEEPLY Deep breathing really does work for anxiety: it basically tells your brain that there's nothing to worry about and improves the oxygen supply. DRINK A GLASS OF WATER Dehydration has been linked to increased feelings of stress and even panic attacks. So, next time you feel an increase in anxiety, drink a whole glass of water, and take your time over it: drink slowly and make a mini break out of it. LIMIT YOUR NEWS INTAKE Of course, it's important to stay informed, given how quickly the situation is changing. However, staying online for hours and reading every coronavirus-related article is only going to make your anxiety worse. Try to not consume yourself with too much bad news. READ A GOOD BOOK Reading as little as 10 minutes a day has been shown to reduce stress and risk of depression, and this applies to both adults and children. TALK TO YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY Talking to a friend or family member really is the very best medicine. If you're stuck indoors, the phone is a good option for staying in touch, but nothing beats seeing another human being, especially if you're alone. REDUCE OR STOP CAFFEINE INTAKE It is a fact that coffee makes anxiety worse, so if you are feeling anxious and jittery throughout the day, excessive caffeine intake may be making matters worse. TRY TO THINK POSITIVELY This is a challenging and anxious-making time, but try to focus on the positives, whether it's having your loved ones near, or a hobby. TRY A 10 MINUTE GUIDED MEDITATION There are countless online materials for guided meditation that will help you relax, some as short as ten minutes. 