AS the easing of lockdown regulations is being anticipated
by Mzansi, Mabopane residents say they now fear travelling using taxis. They say their excitement of getting back to work soon has
now took a U-turn after the gruesome killing of three taxi owners on Thursday
in Mabopane, Tshwane. Some residents argue that their means of transport are taxis
and questioned how travelling in them would be safe after such a gruesome
incident. Police, on the other hand, say they suspect the death of the
three men may be caused by the ongoing taxi violence in the area. According to Gauteng Police spokesman, Captain Mavela
Masondo, the killing happened on Thursday afternoon in Mabopane north of
Tshwane. "We are searching for suspects after three men were
shot to death on Thursday." Masondo said police have launched a manhunt for suspects
after the killings. "Police received a call about a shooting incident at
Corner Bushveld and August Roads in Mabopane, on arrival police found three men
lying on the ground with gunshot wounds,” he said He said the victims were later certified dead by the
paramedics. "Preliminary investigations suggests that the victims
were shot while having a discussion and that they were taxi owners," he
said. Masondo said police suspect the shooting is related to the
ongoing taxi violence in the area. Police spokesman said three cases of murder were opened for
further investigation. Masondo said no arrests have been made at the moment. “Anyone who might have information that can help in the
investigation or help in the arrest of the suspects to please call the nearest
police or call crime stop on 08600-10111,” he said Meanwhile a Mapobane resident, Angie Kgaladi, says they have
heard about the taxi violence at the station but never thought it could lead to
such. “We know that these taxi drivers always fight for routes but
we never thought it could lead to this. “Using taxis won’t be safe anymore because our safety is now
a concern. “These people must just stop putting our lives at risk
because we are already dealing with Coronavirus, we don’t need this,” she said