His father did not like it when Thabo took to acting, believing it was associated with politics and his son might die. That’s why Thabo Mnguni, well-known for his role of chancer Bra Steve from Family Bonds ran away from home in Lamontville, KZN, to Joburg to pursue an acting career. In spite of his father’s fears, Thabo (50) is still alive and kicking today while playing Khethukuthula Mbatha in Uzalo. Thabo said Mbatha is s a power-hungry church member who wants to lead the congregation but has no idea how to do it. “The role teaches us there’s no need to force matters not meant for you. God’s delay is perfect timing. “It doesn’t matter how long it takes,” said Thabo. He fell in love with acting as a child when the cast of Asinamali, written and directed by Mbongeni Ngema, were rehearsing in Lamontville. “I loved their energy and how they tackled issues in our community.” He said since then, he started watching plays around eThekwini until Tiki Nxumalo made him the lead actor of Abasheli at the Playhouse Company. “I became the in-house actor. I played in shows such as Jimbo and Taxi Jam,” he said. Thabo is a well-travelled actor. He has been to Europe and America in the musical Isikhulu, where he rubbed shoulders with actors such as Peter Mashigo and Mfana Hlophe. “They taught me to respect t and master the craft like it’s the air that I breathe,” he said. Thabo was once part of the chorus on Gibson Kente’s play, Mama’s Love, and also played Khuboni in Generations. Most people remember Thabo for his role as Bra Steve in Family Bonds. “Bra Steve was a chancer and a jack of all trades. “He claimed he knew things but he knew nothing,” he said. Thabo runs Amanguni Productions and Services. He works closely with KZN government. He recently worked with the premier’s office on a social services production about bullying and torture of teachers. His dream is to see young talent in acting, who are not too big for their shoes. “The life span of an actor is too short. I’m lucky that I still do what I like,” he said.