THE Soweto Marathon hangs by a thread since the coronavirus outbreak hit Mzansi. All eyes are now on the People’s Race, as two of Mzansi’s big races – the Comrades Marathon and the Two Oceans Marathon – have already been cancelled due to COVID-19. The People’s Race that draws large crowds of up to 40 000 runners every year, is the last hope for enthusiastic runners. The marathon, which takes place in Mzansi’s biggest kasi, is scheduled to take place on 1 November from the iconic FNB Stadium. The athletes will be taking part in different races – 42,2km, 21,1km and 10km. But Sello Khunou, chairperson of the Soweto Marathon Trust, is open to the possibility of the annual race not taking place this year. Entries for the race have not been opened to the public yet, as organisers are monitoring theCOVID-19 developments. “Whether the race will take place or not, will depend on the government. We’re relying on scientists and the feedback we get from health practitioners. But deep down, I know that it won’t happen this year,” said Khunou. The modest administrator said he doubts the threat posed by the virus will go away anytime soon. “November might seem too far, but at the rate the infection is spreading, we might as well kiss our hopes of holding the People’s Race goodbye. “The safety of the people comes first and without the people the race won’t take place. It would be a disaster if 40 000 runners infected each other with the virus and got sick because of the race,” he explained. Khunou has left himself room for disappointment, in case the race doesn’t happen this year. He pleaded with runners of the People’s Race to adhere to government’s lockdown rules and regulations to help curb the spread of the virus. “We won’t open entries for now. We’ll first consult with Athletics SA and the sports minister,” he said. “In the meantime, we advice our runners to obey the rules and stay home. For now, the Soweto Marathon is a no-go area and is being threatened by the coronavirus pandemic. “Please, be safe and stay at home. We’re all hurt by the effect of the virus, but there’s nothing we can do about it.”