GAUTENG malls were in the spotlight yesterday as government officials paid surprise visits to check whether they were following lockdown regulations. Alex Mall in Alexandra, east of Joburg, was found to be complying. There were taps and a sanitation booth for shoppers, while health workers were screening people for the coronavirus and other illnesses such as HIV and diabetes. Human Settlements MEC Lebogang Maile said: “We’ve been doing inspections at different shops, especially those selling food, to ensure they stick to hygiene standards.”  Head of the health department, Mkhululi Lukhele, said more and more people were likely to start leaving their houses. “But if we continue to respect social distancing, washing hands and wearing masks, we will be able to conquer this,” he said. Gauteng Premier David Makhura and Health MEC Dr Bandile Masuku visited Soshanguve Crossing Mall in Tshwane as the area was becoming a coronavirus hot spot. “We wanted to identify where people gather in retail shops, the public transport system and malls,” he said. “Thumbs up to the mall management. They check masks and sanitise everyone who enters. We’re satisfied workers are protected.”  He said they checked if only shops allowed to operate at level four were opened, and that expired and rotten food was not being sold. “This was an area of improvement and we hope all malls are like this one. We’re happy everyone was wearing a mask,” he said. The premier also visited Ivory Park Mall in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni. He also went to some malls in the Vaal. He was accompanied by Community Safety MEC Faith Mazibuko and Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi.  They checked whether shop owners and customers were following lockdown regulations. They also checked whether food security standards were being observed and that social distancing was happening. Lesufi said: “It’s sad to see big shops selling rotten food. Our health inspectors are here and they know what to do. We urge these shops to sell good food.” But Lesufi said he was happy to see all shoppers wearing masks.