SHE was doing well as a magosha, but her business is now suffering.This is because clients are running away.AND SHE BLAMES A TOKOLOSHE FOR MAKING HER LIFE HELL! This is because the creature attacks her and leaves her with scars all over her body. She said she also hears voices telling her to stop being a magosha. The 28-year-old woman from Caleb Motshabi in Mangaung believes the creature was sent by her rivals to chase away her customers. “I became a magosha in December 2018 after I lost my job as a cashier. “Rivals were not happy with how well I was doing. I started getting nightmares. “A year ago a short, hairy man started jumping on my bed and demanding sex. “He’s strong and has long nails. I tried to fight him, but he defeats me. Even prayer doesn’t keep him away.” The woman said she had to stay home and heal for a week after every attack. “I hear deep voices telling me to quit being a magosha or face a life of hell.” She’s seen two sangomas, but the tokoloshe won’t back off. They both said evil magoshas were jealous of her. “My business is struggling because my scars turn off my customers,” she said. “I’ll only quit if I get another job. I need to support my child and mum back home in Virginia.” Another 35-year-old magosha admitted the woman was taking her clients, but denied being responsible for what she was going through. “I’m happy because most of my clients were going to her,” she said. The woman’s cousin, who wished not to be named, said he took her to church for prayers, but that didn’t help. “She told me about a tokoloshe. I took her to church in February,” she said. “I don’t know what will help. This thing beats my pastor’s holy water and oil. “I pray for her safety every day and know that prayer wins in the end. The devil is a liar.” Sangoma Malefu Motlatsi from Mangaung told Daily Sun: “She needs to be cleansed, something that most sangomas can do. “I can cleanse her with a white hen and some muthi. “The tokoloshe will never poke or give her scars again.”