THE South African Football Association (Safa) are headed for a collision course with clubs in the ABC Motsepe League, the third-tier of SA football. Some club owners in the league are accusing Safa of not giving them support, financially and otherwise. The owners expressed their frustrations that they have not received any funding from the FA for the past three seasons. SunSport understands that each club in the Motsepe League should receive R30 000, of which R15 000 is paid in the first round and the other in the second. Happy Wanderers chairman and coach Phumlani Ndwandwe, whose side are campaigning in the same division in KZN, said Safa have given them no support at all. “For the past three season, we haven’t received money,” said Ndwandwe. “This is my fourth season campaigning in the ABC. In my first season, I got it. If you don’t have a bus to transport the team, you have to hire a quantum. It costs you R8 000. “In a month, you play two games away and two home, you must have a minimum of R16 000 for travelling.” Ncebo Ntlantsana, who was the owner of the EC Bees in the Eastern Cape, said he sold the club to Bush Bucks because it needed more money to run. “To run a club in the ABC and get promotion, you must spent at least R500 000 and you get R10 000, it doesn’t make sense,” said Ntlantsana. These claims have been backed by an unsigned document from the clubs, detailing total neglect from Safa in giving clubs allowances and match kits. The document, detailed among other things, poor management and clubs both in the ABC Motsepe and the SAB League being neglected. This despite the fact that Safa have sponsors in the form of the Motsepe Foundation and the SAB in each division. The document claimed clubs should receive two kits per season but they last received them in the 2017/18 season. They are asking where this money from both sponsors gone too. The document is also calling for the Minister of Sport Nathi Mthethwa to appoint a commission of inquiry. Safa’s head of communications Dominic Chimhavi said the document is illegal. Said Chimhavi: “We’ve identified these people who compiled this document and they’re going to be banned from football for life.”