WHILE residents fight with the Ward 41 councillor over allocation of 72 food parcels, the poorest of the poor search for food in rubbish bags. Hunger has forced poor residents of Joe Slovo and Nkandla in Port Elizabeth to defy lockdown regulations. They wake up every morning to search for food and other valuable items they can sell to feed their families.  Luyanda Zondani (28), an ex-con, said: “We’re hungry and only registered for food parcels three weeks ago. And we don’t know when the food parcels will be delivered. “There’s no food at home. I have two kids aged one and three. Since last year I’ve been looking for food in these rubbish bags because it’s hard to find employment.” Luyanda didn’t want to go back to prison. THIS IS WHAT TATA WOULD HAVE WANTED! “It’s better to come here and search for food. I was sentenced to eight years for murder and robbery at a shop in Uitenhage.” He often did gardening and painting piece jobs, but since the lockdown he’d hit a dry spell.  Andile Maneli (24) said: “It’s been eight years of picking rubbish from the dump. On normal days I used to dig pit toilets for people in Joe Slovo squatter camp, but now everything is at a standstill and I’m hungry. “It’s hard to get a job because I was sentenced to seven years for housebreaking. But I don’t want that life anymore.” Ricardo Jacobs (50) was the only one wearing a mask, but it looked dirty. “I got my mask from the clinic in order to protect myself from the virus. There’s no food at home, but we know for sure that in these bags there’s always bread, milk and drinks. Sometimes we get returnable alcohol bottles that we sell and get money to buy bread.” Nopink Mahomba, an area committee member at Nkandla, said: “They eat from the rubbish because of corruption. Food parcels were delivered and ward committee members and employed people benefitted instead of these poor people. I know all those who benefitted from the food parcels.” On 13 April, dozens of Nkandla residents went to Councillor Simphiwe Tyukana’s house in the same area and burnt tyres next to it, demanding food parcels. They accused him of registering only his supporters for parcels. Their anger nearly led to the looting of spaza shops. Councillor Tyukana said: “We’re in this situation because of certain ward committee members who wanted to gain popularity by making their homes offices of registering people for food parcels. “We have about 23 800 voters here and this is a vast ward. We told Sassa that 72 food parcels are not enough because there are many poor people here.” Sassa provincial spokesman Luzuko Qina said: “People shouldn’t worry. Food parcel supply is continuing. In Nelson Mandela Bay, we have large numbers of people while we target only 72 per ward. This is an ongoing programme. This was phase one. “People can register for food parcels by calling 043 707 6300 or 043 707 6335. Our toll-free number is congested because we receive 9 000 calls an hour.”