MAMELODI Sundowns are in line for a financial windfall as Caf accelerate inter-club prize money payouts. Bidvest Wits will also be rolling in the money, having reached the Caf Confederation Cup group stages. This as Caf mitigates the effects the Covid-19 pandemic has had on football, with many leagues on the continent currently on suspension. The continent’s football governing body usually issue financial entitlement payments for clubs at the end of the season. But the Caf distribution, which has already begun, will help reduce the growing financial burden on the 32 clubs that reached the 2019-2020 Caf Champions League and the Confederation Cup group phases. Clubs will receive their dues based on the established prize monies for each competition until the quarter-final phase, when both the Champions League and Confederation Cup tourneys were suspended indefinitely due to the coronavirus outbreak. The Brazilians got out of the group stages and reached the Champions League quarter-finals where they were knocked out by nemesis Al Ahly in February. But their efforts have not gone unnoticed as the continent’s football governing body Caf resolves to speed up the payment of the final tranche of financial rewards. The minimum guaranteed for Champions League clubs is US550,000 (about R10.2 million) while the Confederation Cup clubs are guaranteed US275,000 (about R5.1m). “The world football and for that matter African football is going through unprecedented difficulties,” said Caf president Ahmad Ahmad. “The current situation has had a telling effect on African football stakeholders, and Caf is being responsive to the needs of our clubs, one of our key stakeholders, by facilitating the payment of their prize monies well ahead of time.” The Students bowed out in the group stage, without a win in three matches. Their participation has left them with a hole in their pocket as is often the case mostly with teams travelling from the Southern tip of the hemisphere to west and north Africa. For the Tshwane giants, though, participation in inter-club tournaments is not about financial reward but more about continental recognition.