Four more people have died in the Eastern Cape after
consuming a home-brewed concoction made from methylated spirits. Eastern Cape health department spokesperson Sizwe Kupelo
said the illegal liquor has killed a total of 16 people in the province in just
two weeks. This week in King William's Town, a 52-year-old wife and
63-year-old husband died on Monday and Tuesday respectively. The husband's
brother died on Wednesday, while a fourth man later died at home on the same
day, said Kupelo. They were all from Ilitha Township in King William's Town
and had consumed the dangerous alcohol. Health MEC Sindiswa Gomba has condemned the use of this
alcohol. Gasping Kupelo said the woman arrived gasping for air at the
accident and emergency unit of Cecilia Makhiwane Hospital, moments before
dying. The husband was rushed in on Tuesday for abdominal pains and died
shortly after his admission to the emergency unit. Kupelo said the man's brother died on arrival on Wednesday. "The fourth man allegedly died at home at Ilitha.
According to the info, they all drank refresher [cool drink] mixed with other
liquid substances, methylated spirits, which is suspected what they all died
from." Gomba said: "We condemn these acts as they lead to loss
of life. Not only [are] these concoctions dangerous to our people, but also
illegal. They put unnecessary pressure on an already strained health system.
We, therefore, discourage our citizens from this self-inflicted harm." Eastern Cape liquor board and the Department of Health are
desperately trying to discourage citizens from consuming the concoction. Abhorrent behaviour Provincial Liquor Board spokesperson Mgwebi Msiya said:
"We strongly condemn this abhorrent behaviour in our province and wish to
urge members of the community to refrain from consuming this deadly and
untested home-brewed beer. "While it is the most affordable beer and has become
the most accessible beer during the lockdown, we wish to send a stern message
to communities that they must take responsibility for their own lives and
desist from buying and consuming this deadly substance. "We further wish to urge our communities to report
anyone who illegally sells the homemade brew to the nearest police station or
to the Eastern Cape Liquor Board Complaints Toll-Free Line 080 000 0420 or
WhatsApp Number 0764036223." The latest deaths come after eight people died last week in
Stutterheim, Keiskammahoek and Nonibe Location, outside King William's Town,
after drinking similar concoctions. The first incident happened at Stutterheim's Ndakana
Village, where two people died instantly and 10 were rushed to hospitals. SOURCE: NEWS24