Residents from Mfuleni in Cape Town are fighting over electricity. The fight affected Nozibele Mathesa badly as residents broke her house windows. A 35-year-old woman told Daily Sun that the problem started four years ago. "We are fighting with people staying in the squatter camp, they are connecting electricity illegally in our electricity." Mathesa told Daily Sun that ever since Sondela squatter camp residents started connecting they have been buying appliances every day. “Sometimes we spend days without electricity because of them, they broke my house windows because one of the electrical poles they are connecting on is inside my yard”, says Mathesa. She said her kids are traumatized because when Sondela residents came to attack her she was busy in a meeting. “I was in a meeting with other street committee people, someone called me saying my house is being attacked, I had to take them to my other family members because I don’t know what will happen next and I fear for my life”. She opened the case with the hope that those who damaged her windows pay. “I am not the only one talking when it comes to electricity, they said I talk too much that is why they decided to damage my house windows." Mathesa said no one can solve the problem because it has been happening for years. “People are going to lose their lives because of this, what will happen if I was home. Lulamile Ngcongo (40) from Sondela said the members who are staying in RDP houses in Bardale extension 4 thinks they own the electricity. “Before they own those houses they were staying in shacks, why now are they acting like rich people, they think they are better than us”, says Ngcongo. He said they will continue connecting electricity until they got houses like them. “We are not going anywhere, we want electricity and while we are waiting to be moved to other places just like them we will continue connecting there and if it means we must fight to get electricity we will do so”. Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said malicious damage to property case was opened for investigation with no arrests made yet.