Staying indoors does not mean that you and bae cannot have romantic date nights. You just have to think outside the box with finding creative and new things to do. Here are some romantic date ideas you and your partner can do indoors. Put a puzzle together Challenge yourselves to a huge puzzle and see if you can figure it out in one night. Have a DIY spa night Make your own face masks, lotions, and more to have an at home spa night worthy of the real deal. Turn your home into a movie theatre All you need is a project, a blank wall or sheet, and your favourite movie for a cinema experience just like the movies. Don't forget the popcorn! Have an evening by candlelight Set a super romantic mood by shutting off all the lights for the evening and doing everything by candlelight. Make ice-cream sundaes Turn your kitchen into an ice-cream parlour with different types of ice-cream flavours and toppings to place on top of the towering sundae creations you created. Plan your next get away Instead of talking about your dream vacation, take some action and get to planning it. Even if you don't book anything, mapping out what you want to do, where you want to stay, and what you'll eat will inspire you to make it happen soon. Do yoga together Roll out your yoga mats and get to stretching for a peaceful, relaxing night. There are many online yoga videos you can choose as guides on how to do yoga. Have a pizza party The best part about making your own pizzas is that you can go wild when it comes to toppings. Have a video game tournament Face off with your favourite multiplayer games Pretend you're on Chopped Instead of just cooking a regular dinner together, turn it into a fun game by hosting your own Chopped night. Give each other a surprise ingredient and see who can incorporate it best into their dish. Watch a stand-up special. Either watch a special by one of your favourite comedians or jump into the unknown by watching a new comedian's stand-up. Regardless, you're bound to have endless laughter. Binge a season of your favourite show Finally finish the last season of whatever show you've been watching together by binge-watching it all in one day. Make sure to equip yourselves with enough snacks!