ANGRY residents of Zone 6 in Ga-Rankuwa, north of Tshwane removed a group of foreign nationals who were camping on a mountain on Thursday. The group of churchgoers were allegedly praying there every night despite lockdown regulations.  Their video was circulating on social media where a woman was seen carrying a paintball gun showing the place where the group was staying. In the video, she is heard saying that they have been complaining about the people staying there.  The residents told Daily Sun that the group was attending a church service at the mountain and conducting rituals. One of the residents, Maria Mashao (33), said those people have been staying there for weeks. She said they felt endangered and felt they were violating lockdown laws.  “Many people have been robbed and there are many houses which have been broken into. “The thugs always run to the mountain. We don’t feel safe and we must stay at home,” she said. She said they have reported the people to the police more than five times. “The police said they won’t be able to arrest people because jails are full,” she said. She said the group is not homeless.  “Those people have homes and they gathered at the mountain to do their rituals in the name of a prayer,” she said. She said they made sounds that scared kids at night. “They were loud and would make weird sounds at night that would freak us out.  “That was not normal and it wasn’t even legal because President Cyril Ramaphosa stated that there mustn’t be any gatherings,” she said. The residents said they were scared that the rituals would curse their kasi.  Daily Sun contacted the Pastor of the church and his wife, who pretended to be the pastor, said the pastor was not at the mountain but confirmed that the group was his congregation. “It is not fair, other people go to the mountain to pray but when our people go, they remove them,” she said. She said she wanted to report the people to the police.  “I will not report them but will only let God deal with them,” she said. The Pastor, who called himself Mathebula, denied having a church.  “I am not a pastor and I don’t know the people who were staying there,” he said. Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said the Police went to the scene and found no one. “There is no case opened as yet but police will keep close observation on the place and patrols will be conducted to curb any criminal activities,” he said.