Social development Minister Lindiwe Zulu said the department will have a challenge of sustaining shelters made for the homeless post Covid-19. Zulu said this while she was visiting one of the shelters in Middelburg, Mpumalanga on Sunday (24 May) Zulu together with Mpumalanga social development MEC, Thandi Shongwe conducted visits to monitor the temporary shelters within the area. The aim of the visit was to assess the implementation of the department’s response on Covid-19 and to ensure compliance with the lockdown regulations. The Middelburg shelter renders services to 63 homeless people while the Child and Youth Care Centre houses 108 people. Zulu said they have long term plans of assisting those who are homeless to get them back into a normal life just like everyone else however they are going to have challenges of sustaining the program. "One of the challenges we gonna have is to sustain this because it's got to be sustainable we got to make sure where do we get the money, we have to prioritize some of our budgets. I would like to see many of them post Covid-19 being back to their communities and families that would be the best we can do. The people who are here are also citizens of the country and are here for one reason, they met challenges in their lives. I think what is important is what the province as well as the local government are doing to take them out of the pain because they really are going through a pain," she said. Zulu said most of the provinces that have brought homeless people into shelters are trying to connect into Technikons and whoever can be able to assist for those to get skills. "Basically it's going to be better for all of them to get skills so that they can be employed. But at the same time we all know that jobs are very difficult and people are already losing their jobs but we have hope and we came here because we need to give South Africans hope and we can't throw our hands in the air, we've got to be able to work with each other," she said. Barapedi Kebonang who is also homeless said she is hoping for a breakthrough post Covid-19. The 41-year-old mother of one who holds a Degree in IT said she believes her being placed in the centre is a blessing in disguise. "I am hoping to get a breakthrough very soon. I believe our lives are going to change because during the course of the day we share ideas and talk about the problems we have and at the end of the day we come with solutions," she said.