EASTERN Cape police commissioner Lieutenant General Liziwe Ntshinga has tested positive for Covid-19, the cops confirmed yesterday. The police and the Department of Health have embarked on a process to trace all those who were in contact with Ntshinga, said national police spokesman Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo. The police finally confirmed the news after News24 had sent questions on Monday to verify reports, following an apparent evacuation of hundreds of employees from the police provincial headquarters outside King William’s Town. Naidoo confirmed the decontamination of the office in Zwelitsha. Ntshinga, a top cop with stints as head of the Hawks in the Free State and Northern Cape, has placed herself in self-isolation, said Naidoo. SOMIZI DISAPPOINTED BY UYAJOLA 99 “As a precautionary measure, the SAPS in collaboration with other relevant partners, including the Department of Health, have started tracing all those who may have had close contact with Ntshinga in order to undergo the screening and testing.” Naidoo said Ntshinga received her results at the weekend after voluntarily undergoing a test, despite being asymptomatic. “At the time of testing, Lieutenant-General Ntshinga hadn’t experienced any illness, but chose to undergo the test as a precaution to ensure the safety, good health and well-being of herself and those around her.” National police commissioner General Khehla Sitole wished Ntshinga a speedy recovery. He also commended Ntshinga’s role in leading crime fighting initiatives during the time of Covid-19. “I want to firstly applaud the bravery of the provincial commissioner in disclosing her diagnosis to the public during this unprecedented period. I also take this opportunity to wish her and all members infected and affected by this virus a speedy recovery and encourage them all to stay safe in the fight against crime,” said Sitole. 'OUR REQUEST UBER TO ROB DRIVERS' Following the news of her diagnosis, Ntshinga made her results known to the police management team, personnel and close contacts, said Naidoo. He said the protocols and directives had been put in place to contain and manage Covid-19 within the police. He said these included the decontamination of the provincial office in Zwelitsha, King William’s Town, on Tuesday. “In the meantime, contingency plans have been put in place to ensure that the services rendered from the Eastern Cape Provincial Office have not been disrupted,” said Naidoo. – NEWS24