JOMO Cosmos have contradicted Themba Shabalala’s allegations that the GladAfrica Championship club owe him unpaid salaries. A fuming 32-year-old Shabalala claims Jomo Sono, the Cosmos owner-coach, has failed to pay him for the past two months without valid reasons. Now Shabalala, who joined Ezenkosi on a six months deal from a stint with Maritzburg United, claims that demanding his money from Sono, has cost him his job. Cosmos team manager Brice Aka said Shabalala allowed emotions to ruin his relationship with Sono, which ultimately led to the termination of his contract. “Bra J (as Sono is known in football circles), said he want to release Shabalala and I should negotiate a settlement agreement with him,” said Aka.“That is the message I narrated to Shabalala as I acted as the middleman between him and Bra J. We all agreed, but the problem was on a pay date.“Shabalala wanted his money immediately and the timing was not right at the time. Then emotions got involved between them (Shabalala and Sono).”However, Aka dismissed Shabalala’s claims that other players have been paid half salaries.“I am not aware of any player who didn’t get paid except for Shabalala. Our players know we are always available to resolve their issues with the team.”Shabalala’s salary dispute with Sono started on 3 April when the player confronted Aka and enquired about his monthly pay as all players were paid at the end of March, bar him.“Aka told me Bra J told him to inform me I will get paid whatever they owe me and they will also give me my clearance,” explains Shabalala.“Then I requested that he puts it in writing, but they did not. I was also not paid at the end of April. I again asked Aka why was I excluded on his payroll?“He promised that Bra J will give me my money on Monday after all the players were paid on Friday, along with my clearance.“I then received a call from Bra J this Wednesday telling me my money was ready and I should contact Aka since our relationship was broken. But if it’s ready then why aren’t they depositing it into my bank account instead of me meeting Aka?”The GladAfrica Championship side are involved in a relegation battle, sitting second bottom on the log with 22 points. 