GAY Mokoena’s days in football are numbered! Like lyrics from Pink’s song goes: You put one foot wrong, and you’re going to fall. This is the direction in which the Safa vice-president is headed after having uprooted the association’s deeply buried secrets, and now the national executive committee (NEC) is baying for his blood. SunSport understands that NEC members have been served with a petition to choose whether the former Safa acting chief executive must be “placed on precautionary suspension (as vice-president); that his matter be referred to a senior counsel or retired judge to investigate the alleged breaches”. NEC members are given an option to tick on the boxes: yes or no. This is in a letter directed at NEC members in retaliation to the “Mokoena Report” which was leaked after he parted ways with Safa on 15 April, where he accused the federation of flouting corporate governance principles. His report was later leaked to the media. The third point on the letter signed by Safa’s legal guru Tebogo Motlanthe, NEC members are further consulted whether they would like to see the Mokoena matter be referred to Fifa’s Ethics Committee “to investigate the alleged breaches”. In the letter, Safa is hitting hard at Mokoena, accusing him of being economical with the truth and confirming that he was dismissed by the association having failed to meet the signed employment principal obligations. Motlanthe further supports Safa’s argument that Mzwandile Maforvane and Mlungisi Ncame are operating without contracts, which is a gap that Mokoena was supposed to have plugged. Maforvane’s contract expired on 17 February, as well as Ncame’s which has lapsed too. “Mokoena was appointed to sort out these matters. Five months later these matters are still outstanding,” according to the document. It is safe to say that Mokoena might also be charged with having leaked the “Mokoena Report” personally, as it is believed the report in the media’s hands is unsigned, and could not have been let off by NEC members.