Smokers are fed up of being overcharged for cigarettes and they have found new ways to fix errant dealers overcharging them. Law Enforcement officials in Cape Town had a busy weekend where they bust people breaking lock-down regulations by selling illegal cigarettes. Law Enforcement spokesman Wayne Dyason believes that the angry customers are who are tired of paying exorbitant prices can’t take it anymore. “In Strandfontein the officers reacted to numerous complaints of Spaza shops selling tobacco products in defiance of the Disaster Management Act as it relates to the sale of tobacco and related products." "A large amount of cigarettes and flavoured Hookah tobacco was confiscated and the owners fined. It is suspected some of these complaints come from customers who are aggrieved at having to pay from R170 to R250 rand for cigarettes on the black market,” said Dyason. Smokers who spoke to Sunteam said they are paying a whooping R10 per cigarette. “I need at least three cigarettes per day which means I need to fork out R30 per day yet I’m not working because of lockdown. We normally buy a packet of 20 cigarettes with that amount. What these illegal traders are doing is ripping us apart,” said Xola Dube from Site C in Khayelitsha. Some smokers said the cigarette dealers wereabusing them by exploiting the cigarette ban and make big profits. “If they made it R5 per cigarette I would understand but R10 is too much,it looks like they don’t care of the clients but only money, they know that we have no option but to buy from them,” said another smoker Clive Adams from Maitland. Illegal trader who runs a spaza shop in Kensington said he only sell to his loyal customers and he has been charging them R4 per cigarette. “I didn’t want to sell but one of my regular clients came crying literally but I told him that a cigarette is R4 and he bought it. I don’t sell to strangers and if I’m to be arrested I would know who sold me out. I’m making it expensive because of the risk of selling it under lockdown,” said the trader.