 IT’S BEEN six years since Orlando Pirates captain Senzo Meyiwa was shot and killed.But no arrests have been made yet.BUT THAT’S ABOUT TO CHANGE.Sangoma Skhunisivuthemanzini Mkhize read his bones in November . He told Daily Sun those who had information on Senzo’s case were close to talking. And he said yesterday the truth was close to coming out. It appears time is indeed close. Sounding gatvol, Kelly Khumalo took to Instagram over the weekend and finally broke her silence. She also took a swipe at cops. But many people questioned why Kelly was now willing to speak. On the video, she said she was fed up and ready to speak. She said she’d tried to communicate with police but they never responded. She said she wrote to them several times. “The justice system is failing me and us women,” said the singer. Seated next to a bottle of Controversy gin and speaking in a Russian accent, Kelly said no one from the police force bothered to say, “Kelly, we’re doing something.” She said: “It’s easy for them not to do anything. Meanwhile, I have a country that hates me.” She said she had become a victim for many years and was tired. “I’m going to speak. I’m no longer afraid of speaking. Someone in charge is not doing anything. “I’ve written letters to the police. No one bothered to answer me to say they’re doing something about this. “It’s easy for them to shut up because they’re not in my shoes. I have a country that hates me. “I have a country that swears at me every day. I have to deal with this. “Do I deserve it? No, I don’t. Again, as a woman the law in this country is failing me. The system is failing me. “When are the police going to do their job? When is someone in charge going to do their job and find the criminals and put them behind bars?” Kelly said this was exhausting. “We have someone we love very much and we lose them and no one is doing anything,” she said. “They go on TV and say they’re going to bring the criminals to justice, but six years later there’s no justice and I’m the one who suffers, day in, day out. I’m the one who’s taking insults from everyone.” Kelly didn’t blame those who insult her. “At some point someone needs to be held accountable, and at this point in time it’s me. I don’t deserve it. “I suggest whoever is in charge of the police do their job. You had fingerprints. You had statements from everybody. Find someone who did this. Do it and do it fast.” Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said she’d seen the video. She said investigations were continuing. In relation to claims by Kelly she wrote to the police, the ministry said they knew nothing about it. What are you doing about this and how far ar you with finding those ones? #ControversyConerWithBarbra brought to you by @controversy_gin #VictimOfTheSystem #Part2OfPart1 #JourneyToHealing A post shared by  Kelly Khumalo (@kellykhumaloza) on May 15, 2020 at 12:14am PDT 