IT seems the flames at Safa House won’t be extinguished anytime soon. If it’s not Gay Mokoena hitting at president Danny Jordaan, then it is Safa reacting to what their former acting chief executive has raised in his report. As if that was not enough, another former CEO Dennis Mumble has shocked many people when he unleashed a scathing dossier that implicates Jordaan in a number of allegations, questioning his leadership role. But Safa did not keep quiet. They responded swiftly to Mumble’s dossier on Saturday, explaining each point to the best of their ability to discredit what Mumble compiled. Two days later, the association’s nine provincial chairpersons ganged up against Mumble and declared their undying support for Jordaan and how they appreciate his leadership style. In yesterday’s SunSport, Elvis Shishana came to agree with Mokoena and Mumble’s reports, which of course Lucas Nhlapo would ratify after also having vacated his seat as Safa vice-president under controversial circumstances. Yesterday, the name of former Bafana Bafana left back David Nyathi has been thrown in the mix in support behind Jordaan. Now Mumble is back to retaliate to the nine NEC members whom he calls “thugs” who are running Safa behind Jordaan. “I don’t know if the full NEC will react to the dossier,” Mumble said on Monday. “But the NEC is full of thugs that Jordaan is hiding behind him, and that cannot be right for football. “I don’t know what the NEC will do after my two detailed documents. “In fact in three years at Safa, the NEC didn’t listen to me. But Safa’s response is like that of thugs. And to come up with counter accusations which don’t make sense means they didn’t apply their minds to it when I first raised these issues with the NEC.” He claims to have indicated numerous times that Jordaan was interfering with his work, but the NEC chose to ignore him. “Jordaan never pledged not to interfere with my work,” said Mumble. “I said I can’t be involved in any football matters until Jordaan has committed that he would not interfere with my work (as CEO). “But he kept on doing it. Sadly, Safa is not dealing with these issues that I have raised for many years. But instead, they are making counter allegations against me. They are toothless and thuggish.” The former administrator broke his silent last week after 17 months of quietness following his departure from the federation in 2018, which is reported by Safa to have been due to his retirement age.