BLACK Leopards striker Lifa Hlongwane has now resorted to street soccer in his neighbourhood in a bid to regain match fitness. Hlongwane revealed that doing physical training at home via video sessions is not enough in a bid to avoid relegation. Lidoda Duvha are bottom on the Absa Premiership table with 20 points from 24 matches. The 26-year-old player says the lockdown due to coronavirus has affected him mentally as he misses playing in front of a capacity crowd in Thohoyandou. Said Hlongwane: “The video training is good but it’s not enough. We spend most our sessions working on our upper body lifting weights. It’s not interesting because we will end up being like body builders. We will need to start from scratch when we resume training on the pitch.” Added Hlongwane: “We need more time to work on match fitness. Being under lockdown has affected me mentally and that’s why I play street soccer with friends to keep myself busy. It helps with accurate passing and ball control than what we are doing with the team. We recently played on the street and after I slept the whole day. I noticed that I still have a lot of work to do when we resume training on the field.” Hlongwane insist that there is still a lot to play for in their remaining six matches and vowed they will continue to play top-flight football next season. “The fact that we are all on the same boat gives me confidence. We are still to play AmaZulu and I am confident we will get results in all our remaining games. I don’t care whether we will play home, away or neutral venue as long as we get points.” The outspoken player says the forced break has given them enough time to assess what went wrong having lost their past four Absa Premiership matches. They lost 1-0 to Bidvest Wits, 2-0 to Baroka, 2-1 to Polokwane City and 1-0 to Orlando Pirates. “We have analysed our performance in the past three games and the break helped because we had enough time to talk about where we lacked in those defeats. Losing is bad because we let our fans down, but I would like to assure them that we will remain in the PSL next season.” WATCH VIDEO BELOW 