Growing up in a modest household in Gugulethu, a township in the Western Cape, Noxolo Cesane had to show extraordinary grit and perseverance to beat the odds and achieve her goals. The biggest of them all was to become a professional football player and represent her country at the highest level. And at just 18 years of age, Cesane managed to do just that when she made her Banyana Banyana debut at the 2019 Cosafa Women’s Championship. And having spent some time playing for the junior national women’s teams, she took a step up to help the senior side to a third straight Cosafa title last year. Her love for football goes way back. “I started playing football from a very young age,” said the soft spoken 19-year-old. “I’ve always had this love for football. I think I was about 6 years old when I started kicking around a soccer ball. My brother inspires me a lot, he helped instil this passion for football in me. “I remember I started out playing for a boys team in my area until I went to join Cape Town Roses, a ladies team. That is where I was able to turn into a serious footballer, I was then identified to play for all the youth teams. I was selected to play for the national U-17s, U-19s and U-20s.” Noxolo has a twin sister, Sinoxolo Cesane, who also plays football. The two girls taught each other a lot growing up playing together and one of their biggest wishes is to play together again but this time for Banyana. “My twin sister and I played for the same team, Roses. We used to compete and challenge each other a lot growing up,” said Cesane. “We play more or less the same style of football. We were groomed by our previous coach, Xolile Madikana, to be versatile players who can play just about every position. “We used to play anywhere in the attacking areas and midfield but obviously when you are selected for your national team, the coach will know what they want from you and it might be different from what you’re used. That’s where I think my versatility helps me a lot because I can play anywhere and perform well.” Cesane recalls fondly the moment she heard for the first time that she would get an opportunity to play with some of her Banyana idols. “I was selected for Banyana Banyana last year to play Cosafa, I couldn’t believe it,” she added. “It was a dream come true for me. I was selected again for the Olympic qualifiers which was a big achieve for me. Just being around some of these players I looked up to like Refilwe Jane and Jermaine Seoposenwe was such a privilege. Cesane is keeping her feet firmly on the ground despite her meteoric rise as she looks to cement her place in coach Desiree Ellis’ Banyana team and also earn a move abroad.