"My dad drives a Mercedes." "Oh yeah, well my dad drives a BMW." Many of us can relate to the above conversation as boys being boys. This in essence was the genesis of male competitiveness. Everything was a competition. From bragging about our parents' success, to bragging about our girlfriend and of course our physicality, it's no surprise it's spilled to how big our penises are. Size and functionality have become one of the greatest topics when it comes to men and sex, and today we look at various types and sizes of penises. "Different strokes for different folks"  Kaizer Chiefs legend, the late Shakes Kungwane, was famously known for his incredible football passing skills. He was one of the players who made famous the football pass called "The Banana Kick". "The Banana Kick" was how one could bend his foot around the ball to allow it to swerve or curve. Big penises can be referred to as "The Banana Kick" because of how they curve in the front. Sexologists agree that erections and penetration can be extremely painful for those with this type of penis. They may need medication or surgery to correct the curve at a later stage of their life. The ideal position for them is when they can face their partner, as to allow the perfect entry to paradise.  This probably the most dangerous yet most effective size in the penis family. It' said to be the biggest contributors to orgasms. Sexologists say if handled correctly, this is one size that can leave women asking for more. It's very effective and ideal for penetrative sex.  With a narrow head and bigger body, this type of penis is pretty normal among guys. Sexologists say to take full advantage of this type of penis, one needs to perform any sex position that will allow them to come from behind. Don't be surprised if he prefers to be fully behind you in the bedroom.  Straight up, this straight make of the penis family is a favourite. Deemed the "Theme Park of Sex", this penis is built for any sort of sexual ride. Whether you're going down or riding him, you're almost guaranteed pleasure.   Lastly, we have the ones with the longest yet thinnest sized penis. In one study, a group of women surveyed said they preferred a thicker, longer penis, but only for one-night stands. For long-term relationships, slightly smaller was just fine. A choir conductor will carry a stick to guide the performance of the choir. So much like the choir conductor, most people prefer guiding this penis type to achieve the ultimate orgasm. 