Since it's lockdown, people have a lot of time on their hands, time to learn new or improve their skills in whatever their hearts desire. Abstinence in sex is encouraged but this doesn't mean people should sit and not enhance their sexual side. A sex expert is encouraging people to use this time to better their sexual side without breaking any lockdown regulations. She told Daily Sun that this is the time for couples to ensure that they give their partners an unforgettable poking experience after lockdown. Sex expert, Phumlile Mkhonza told Daily Sun that she's concerned with the number of women who dismally fail when it comes to woman on top. She's encouraging woman to use their pillows, get on their stilettos and start practicing this hard and seemingly exhausting position. HIV+ PEOPLE CROWD CLINICS! She said exercising on heels will help you maintain balance and be fit. She also told Daily Sun that a lot of woman fail woman on top because they easily lose balance. "Heels will help make your muscles firm and stronger," she said. She said some can use continental pillows depending on your partners tummy size. She also encourages woman to please bend properly when it's time for the doggy-style. She said some are afraid of bending but said if you bend properly, you'll enjoy and so will your partner. "Learn to bend properly ladies, it's very important", she emphasized. Phumzile also said woman should normalize doing squats as it'll help them stay on top of their men for longer. Phumlile said men should practice prostate massage. "Prostate massage is also used for sexual stimulation to help achieve arousal, enhance an erection, or relax the rectum in advance of anal sex," she said. She said they are welcome to contact her and she'll teach them how to do it properly, at a price of cause. MAGOSHAS DEMAND A SPECIAL COVID-19 SOCIAL GRANT! She's encouraging men and woman to masturbate, yep, she said it. "It's one of the best ways to boost your libido. She said it's best for both genders and will help them prolong their sexual intercourse" she added. She's encouraging people to eat healthy and exercise. "Kegel exercises also help tighten your vagina and help the pelvis muscles get firm and stronger. Even if you're just walking around your yard or doing home exercises, it'll help your sex life," she said.