THE loving and caring of football players is continuing in South Africa with many handing out food parcels to the needy. The latest to open up their hearts are SuperSport United newly appointed captain Ronwen Williams and Boafela Pule joined hands with their teammate Grant Kekana to help the needy in Bele-Bela, Limpopo. The Grant Kekana Foundation reached out to the different parts of Bela-Bela, the defender’s hometown to feed those badly affected by Covid-19. Unlike other teams in the Premier Soccer League, SuperSport players are still receiving their full salaries. Kekana said he saw it fit to take money from his own pocket to touch other people’s lives. “I asked my teammates to accompany me to the place where I was born to donate food parcels. I have a soft spot for Bela-Bela,” said Kekana. “I’ve decided to donate the little I have to change people’s lives. I’m grateful to have people who support me.” Williams said he didn’t think twice when Kekana requested him to travel along to Limpopo to donate food parcels. “We came here to support one of our own, Grant. We started handing out the food parcels early in the morning.  What Grant is doing comes from the heart and we saw it fit to also join in and help.  We understand the situation because we know people don’t have food,” said Williams. The long serving goalkeeper said that part of leadership is to lend a helping hand to others that are struggling out there. “As a leader you have to think about people around you all the time,” said Williams. Kekana added that he is also hoping to revive a youth soccer tournament in Bela-Bela when life returns to normal. Full names Gomolemo Grant KekanaDate of birth 31 October 1992 (age 27)Place of birth Polokwane, South AfricaHeight 1.79 m (5 ft 10 in) Playing position(s) Defender Club information Current team SuperSport UnitedNumber 20 Youth career University of Pretoria Senior career*Years Team Apps (Gls)–2010 University of Pretoria 2010–2013 SuperSport United 32 (0)2013–2015 University of Pretoria 56 (3)2015– SuperSport United 11 (0)* Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only and correct as of 12 May 2016  