 A group of
South Africans who were repatriated from the United States on Sunday have
endured a nightmare, after they were taken to a facilities that they were not
meant to be sent to in what the Minister of Public Works, Patricia de Lille,
believes to be a scam. Speaking to
News24, de Lille said the department was investigating an incident where 180
repatriates from the US were taken to different quarantine sites that the
department had not signed off on. These
included an Eskom, Telkom and Transnet site which had no authorisation from the
department. "The
people that had authorised the diversion of the 180 people and diverted them to
Eskom and all those places, had no authority from the Department of Public
Works. A group of
South Africans who spoke to News24 are pleading to be repatriated home from
South America – fearing a months-long "lock-down" will keep them from
their home country indefinitely. "Therefore,
I’ve written to the director general this morning, I want a full
investigation," de Lille said. "We
don’t know the reasons of why they decided to divert people… I think it is
definitely a scam and that’s why I have asked for an immediate
investigation," she added. De Lille
said she had instructed that the repatriates be moved immediately to the hotel
that was originally procured for them. She said
the repatriates were taken to an Eskom facility where there was no electricity
or water, as well as a Telkom facility where there no Wifi and people were not
fed for about 15 hours. "It
was a mess. I am investigating it and I have instructed that those people move
back to the two hotels that we procured for them," she said. Speaking to
News24, two of the repatriates, who wished to remain anonymous, expressed their
disgust at the state of the facility – a Transnet campus in Kempton Park. They said
it was dilapidated, dirty and unhygienic. When they
arrived on Sunday, they spent hours on the tarmac gathering their belongings.
But, when they got into the transport that would take them to their quarantine
destinations, they said their driver did not know where they were going – in
fact, no one did. When they
eventually got to the facility, they found stains on the walls and floors, as
well as on the mattresses and bedding. Mould grew in the bathrooms which
frequently flooded, while furniture and curtains were on the brink of falling
apart. They allege
the food they were given was "disgusting", with "no nutritional
value", and that they had felt as if they were in a prison, as they were
not allowed outside for some sun. 'Not meant
to be taken there' Department
of Public Works spokesperson Zara Nicholson said the repatriated South Africans
were "not meant to be taken there". "The
minister has asked the [director general] to look into why the people were
taken there, and who is responsible," said Nicholson. One of the
South Africans, after complaining to an independent person who was overseeing
the operation, was allegedly asked to pay R14 000 so that she could be moved to
another facility. But Nicholson
clarified that the group would not have to pay to be moved. SOURCE:
NEWS24 