 THERE are greedy and selfish people who were selling
food parcels they were given by government while others were taking more
parcels and thereby denying others who were needy. This was revealed by Social Development Minister Lindiwe
Zulu who appealed for people to be considerate during these difficult times. “When you take two instead of one food parcel, you are
taking away from another vulnerable family,” said Zulu. Zulu also announced that some offices will be opened
from Monday morning to help beneficiaries apply for grants. This would benefit specifically temporary grants which
had expired. “In the case of temporary grants that have been
suspended, they will be reinstated and be paid until the end of October. The
same applies to child decency and foster care that due to lapse during the
lockdown. The payment will take by the end of May,” she said. Zulu said the National Development Agency has
recruited and placed 580 volunteers with CSOs in all 52 districts to support
the distribution of food to vulnerable families An additional 620 volunteers will be added to increase
the number of volunteers by the NDA to bring the total to 1 200 volunteers”
says Minister Zulu The volunteers will help the department to distribute
food, educating families about the deadly virus and applications verification
of Social Relief of Distress Grant as well as speeding up the of payment of the
grant. “We have gazetted new directives that will allow 30%
of the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA) workforce to return to work
on a rotational basis to continue to render social services to our people,” she
revealed. Zulu said the department has employed an additional
1809 social workers to reinforce the current staff and to provide a range of
social work services, including timely psychosocial interventions to support
for affected individuals and families. The social workers will be employed for a period of
3months. “Priority will be given to social work graduates who
have registered on the department’s database of unemployed qualified social
work graduates that we developed in 2019 “A further 1210 unemployed Social Work graduates will
be given a 1-year internship opportunity in a joint venture between HW-SETA,
the South African Council for Social Service Practitioners (SACSSP), the DSD
and Wits Health Consortium,” she said. The council will ensure that all graduates signed up
for the two projects were verified and licensed to practice. They will all be
exposed to training before their placement #