Netflix has announced that energy-filled drama series JIVA! will be its third African project. Lead actress Noxolo Dlamini, who plays Ntombi, told SunBuzz: “The journey was so crazy and surreal but felt right at the same time. “Ntombi represents everyone who has a dream. “Viewers can expect a girl next door who’s charming, natural and modest, but when she starts to dance we tap into a different side of her.” The 26-year-old told us portraying the role was challenging but fun. “Getting close to KZN culture has been the best part. I got to experience my culture more, having grown up in a not-very Zulu home. “Ntombi goes through a tough journey of self-discovery and through that blossoms into a mature and self-aware woman.” Candice Modiselle, who plays colead character Vuyiswa, said it was refreshing to play a mature person she could relate to. “She represents a woman in society. She’s a product of her circumstances and had to make difficult decisions with the intention of living the life she deserves, and that’s what makes playing her pleasurable.” The young talent said she was overjoyed when told she got the role, and it still hasn’t sunk in. “My role required more preparation than anyone could ever expect. She was built from the ground up. “Every aspect of her well-being was well thought out and supported through the workshops we had with formidable leaders in storytelling.” Executive producer Busisiwe Ntintili, who runs the show, told SunBuzz JIVA! was born from seeing how street dance is a way of self-expression for Mzansi youth. “It’s a fun. energy-packed series that follows the life of talented street dancer Ntombi, juggling the demands of a dead-end job, family responsibility and a rocky love life. “She realises her dance moves could be her ticket out of her neighbourhood. “But first she must overcome her fears, beat her rivals and sort out the chaos that is her family.” The talented screenwriter said it’s amazing knowing her work will reach global audiences. “Dance is one of the great unifiers of people across all cultures. After watching the show, hopefully audiences around the world will be saying: Let’s Jiva!” The series will premiere later in the year.