VETERAN former Bafana Bafana star Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane’s business venture has been hit hard by the coronavirus pandemic. The well-travelled midfielder, who turns 38 years old on 9 June, was preparing himself for life after football when he opened a pub and lounge business in Soweto, with his partner and former Kaizer Chiefs teammate, Siphiwe “Shabba” Tshabalala. But it has been a difficult two months for the business, as ShaYe lounge haven’t been able to operate due to the lockdown. The married father of two is hopeful the business will recover when life returns to normal. Letsholonyane is one of the most decorated footballers in the country, having started out his career with Jomo Cosmos back in 2006. He also played for Soweto giants Chiefs and Tshwane giants SuperSport United. Yeye is now one of the oldest players currently in the Premier Soccer League in the colours of Highlands Park. “Our business isn’t getting returns at the moment. We’ve been hit hard as we haven’t been operating for the past two months with no money coming in. But once everything is settled, we’ll pick up the pieces. “The investment is worth it. We’ll work harder to get it back on track, it’s just that we took a big knock right now. Imagine telling other parents we won’t be able to pay them anymore, that’s painful as I’m a dad myself,” said Yeye. He is enrolled for a sports management course with Varsity College in Sandton, Joburg. “I’m doing my first year and it’s not too late to get some education. I urge youngsters to start considering some short courses while they’re still young,” he said. Letsholonyane is part of Off-Pitch-Goal, a TV show and initiative that aims to help players invest their football income, produced by Football Conversations. His wife, sport presenter Mpho Letsholonyane, works at Power FM. Yeye also helps his two kids with their schoolwork and cooks for them as he has more time with them during the lockdown. “From 10am until 3pm they get busy with their schoolwork. I train and cook for them. I’m a good cook,” he said, laughing. Letsholonyane’s biggest highlight of his career is representing Bafana at the 2010 Fifa World Cup finals on home soil. “My life is a blessing. I’ve won many trophies and played in the Soweto and Tshwane derbies, but nothing beats playing in the World Cup in your own country,” he said. Like any other player in the country, Letsholonyane is itching for football to come back. “But the safety of the players should come first. “We’re all tired of the lockdown, but we should be safe and exercise all the necessary measures in order to play the game behind closed doors. I miss my teammates, but life comes first.”