 Teachers' Union (Sadtu) has told its members not to report for duty on Monday until the minimum requirements set out by the education department to ensure safety at schools on Level 4 of the Covid-19 lockdown are met. "We call on our members who were to travel from various provinces to remain safe in their homes until the amendment of the regulations by the competent authority as requested by teacher unions. Our members and workers cannot be subjected to this emotional torture caused by lack of communication by the Department," Sadtu secretariat officer Xolani Fakude said in a statement. School management teams (SMT) were meant to return to schools from Monday, 11 May to prepare for pupils' phasing in, Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga announced two weeks ago. Fakude said that Motshekga had promised non-negotiables would be delivered to schools before it opened. "These non-negotiables included, among others, the fumigation and disinfection of schools, proper school infrastructure in the form of proper toilet facilities, observance of social distancing inside the classrooms and in court yards, reduction of class sizes, provision of soap, sanitisers and masks, screening of learners, teachers and support personnel, social distancing in the transportation of learners to and from schools, provision of psychosocial services to assist learners as well as teachers to build resilience and calm down fears among learners and teachers," Fakude said. He added that personal protective equipment (PPE) had still not been procured for office-based personnel, school-based educators and education support personnel. "The disinfecting of schools and offices has not even reached 25%. It is unlawful to expect workers to report for duty when their safety is not guaranteed. "Sadtu has an obligation to advise her members not to put their safety and that of their families and communities in danger by reporting for duty before these safety precautions are in place." The Western Cape Education Department (WCED) has also advised principals and SMT to wait a few more days before returning this week.          