 ‘WHY
did they use the grinder to kill my daughter? She didn't deserve to die and not
like that like that. My daughter was brutally murdered by a group of men for
nothing.’ These
are the words of an angry and helpless father, Manze Guni (48), from Mamelodi,
Tshwane. This
was after her daughter, Agnes Guni (25), was heartlessly murdered by allegedly
by several men using an electric grinder a fort night ago. Manze
told Daily Sun that the family needs justice and those who killed his daughter
to rot in jail. He
said his daughter was taken from Mamelodi and killed in a house in Sunnyside,
Tshwane and dumped into a dustbin not far from the area. Manze
said his daughter was looking forward to starting her Masters in BSC back in
Zimbabwe after she graduated. "I
want to know why they used a grinder to kill my child. "This
is painful she didn't deserve to die like that," the father said. According
to him, the throat of her daughter was sliced with a grinder, her left leg was
cut four times with a grinder, her head was cut five times, her left hand was
cut and left eye was removed. "My
daughter promised that she will fly us around as we are suffering and promised
us many beautiful things." he said He
added that her daughter finished an animal doctor course last year in Midlands
State University in Zimbabwe. He
also wanted to further her medical studies back in Zimbabwe this year in
August. The
family is pleading for justice and wants those who killed Agnes to be in jail. Manze
said he doesn't know why her daughter was murdered like that. According
to the father he last saw her daughter on 3 May in Mamelodi, Tshwane when he
left her. "I
still remember her last words to me, she told me she was ok but just wanted to
check on me," he said. The
father of three said he lost a beautiful soul and her daughter had big dreams
for herself and the family. Agnes's
body was repatriated to Zimbabwe on Thursday to be buried at her country of
birth. Police
spokesman Captain Daniel Mavimbela said a team of investigators comprising of
officers from South African Police Service's biological, psychological,
forensic and local detective units managed to track and bust a 25-year-old man
last week Monday following the murder of a woman whose near decomposing body
was found on Minnie Street in Sunnyside almost two weeks ago. "A
systematic search for clues had led the police to a house on the same street
where the suspect was reportedly found. "The
suspect is expected to face a count of murder and defeating the ends of justice
in the Pretoria Magistrate's Court soon," he said. Mavimbela
added that a second suspect a 25-year-old man was caught in Mamelodi this week
Tuesday. Mavimbela
says they are both expected to appear in court soon and investigations are
continuing.