FORMER International Boxing Organisation Youth heavyweight champion Flo “The Demolition Man” Simba says his three year lay-off has helped him to comeback stronger and wiser. Simba, a South African-based Congolese fighter, turned his back on the sport he loved to regroup after a string of poor performances. Before suffering his first loss, he was seen as the next big heavyweight name on the African continent. But after his maiden defeat against veteran boxer Frans Botha, he recorded only three victories in seven outings. According to the fighter, who is diabetic, besides lacking amateur experience, his attention was divided. “My attention was split at that time. I had a lot of things going on in my personal life. Taking a break has helped me to return to the ring much stronger. “I have improved my technique and skills in boxing. It also opened up my eyes in understanding the sport better because I had only one year amateur experience before I turned professional,” said Simba. “In my three year break I looked at fights, assessing them and learnt how boxing should be illustrated. All I knew was getting into the ring, do your best, throw punches. But now I have learnt that boxing is more than that,” he said. On his comeback trail, the 31-year-old heavyweight scored two knockout victories, forcing his two opponents Joshua Pretorius and Mussa Ajibu to retire. A more focused Simba has set his sights firmly on the continental title. “For now we are on lockdown due to Covid-19, everything has been put on hold. I’m hoping to get more fights and climb up the ranks. “My goal is to try and get a shot at the continental title before the end of the year, but with coronavirus I will probably only get the chance to fight for a title next year,” he said. The hard-punching Simba missed on the opportunity to challenge for the vacant World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African belt in November 2018 after Boxing SA declined give him clearance to travel to Botswana due to his medical condition.