THE lockdown levels will be adjusted in different parts of the country according to the spread of the corona virus. This was the revelations by President Cyril Ramaphosa when he addressed the nation on Wednesday night on the upgrades of government fight against the pandemic. Ramaphosa said the lockdown imposed seven weeks ago has served its purpose in derailing the spread of the virus but the country was now ready to ease the restrictions and move to level three which would allow more sectors to operate and thereby open up the economy even more. “We will immediately begin a process of consultation with relevant stakeholders on a proposal that by the end of May, most of the country be placed on alert level 3, but that those parts of the country with the highest rates of infection remain on level 4. “It is important that we maintain stringent restrictions in these areas and restrict travel out of these areas to parts of the country with lower rates of infection,” said the president. He said that the key objective of the lockdown has all along been to slow down the infection rate through a number of interventions. The introduction of level 3 would see the opening of e-commerce, public transport operating at all times of the day, the return passenger trains under strict regulations, the selling of alcohol and cigarettes as well as opening of retail shops. Ministers are expected to provide further details in the coming few days on how the level 3 will be effected. Ramaphosa said according to projections, the number cases could be more than 80 000 and deaths about eight times the current 219 by Wednesday night. The total number of people who tested positive was 12074 while recoveries were 4745. “The success of our efforts to limit transmission of the virus depends on finding those who are infected as early as possible, tracing their contacts and isolating them so they cannot pass on the virus to others. “Let us remember that although the lockdown has slowed down the rate of transmission, the coronavirus is very much still present – and will be present among us for a long time to come. “We have been warned that infections will inevitably rise as the lockdown measures are eased, as has happened in many countries. We also know that the coronavirus will continue to be a global health threat for some time to come, and that the fight against COVID-19 needs to become part of our daily lives,” he said. Ramaphosa said the government will continue to tread carefully in easing restrictions gradually informed by the best available evidence and guided by the advice of local and international experts. “Our goal is to steadily increase economic activity while putting measures in place to reduce the transmission of the virus and provide adequate care for those who become infected and need treatment,” he said.