Our favourite Mzansi celebrities have proven that there's nothing that can beat a mother’s love. As we were celebrating Mother’s Day yesterday, few of our favourite Mzansi celebrities made sure that their Queens were well celebrated. ALSO READ: ZENI HAS A BUN IN THE OVEN They flooded our timelines with sweet messages showing their gratitude to the women who raised them. Boity Thulo Rapper and TV presenter Boity has shared that she was raised by more than one woman, and she wrote a special message to the women who raised her to be the woman she is today. HAPPY MOTHERS’ DAY to these QUEENS who raised me into the Queen I am today! ???????? I am because they are! Thank you to my mommy, my aunt and my grandma for your unconditional love and for teaching me how to become the woman I want to raise my daughters to become one day! A phenomenal Mother’s Day to all the Queens! We celebrate you always, mamas! ???????????????????????????????????? #HappyMothersDay #OwnYourThrone?? A post shared by  Boitumelo Thulo (@boity) on May 10, 2020 at 4:08am PDT  Dineo Langa The talented actress, who has reportedly left The Queen, shared a beautiful throwback snap of her and her mother. She captioned it with a sweet message, thanking her for every door she’s opened and every lesson that she taught her. Happy Mother's Day Mom @kgomotso.moeketsi ?????? We've been the greatest duo since the day you decided that my soul would incarnate through you. My love for you runs deeper than you could ever imagine. Looking back on my life, you prophesied what my life would be like by naming me Dineo Naledi. I'm grateful for every light you've shown, every door you've opened and every lesson that taught me how to navigate this life thing. A post shared by  Dineo Langa (@dineomoeketsi) on May 10, 2020 at 4:18am PDT  Thembi Seete Forever young actress and musician shared a beautiful throw back snap of her and her mum at a spa. She thanked her for all that she has done for her. Happy Mother's Day to my #bestfriend ,myRock ,my home photographer, my heart, prayer partner, to my amazing ,strong , #wonderful mother Ribs,Garase ,Masitimela Rebecca ??Thank you for your prayers Ma????They follow me everywhere I go. Thank you for always being there In good and bad times .. I love you with all my heart and soul.. And I know I make u proud mmmmh. ???? thank you for your blessings ????#happymothersday to all the amazing mothers out there ???? have a beautiful day ??love always Tay A post shared by  Thembi Seete ???? (@thembiseete_) on May 10, 2020 at 1:53am PDT  Khaya Dladla The actor and radio presenter shared a beautiful snap of him and her mum dressed in gowns, all smiles. He wrote that he loves her and he is grateful that she appreciates every effort I make to better our lives and also making sure she doesn't feel the gap left by her husband. Happiest Mother's day to this queen who took a chance and gave birth to me(not a bad chance at all??) , she appreciates every effort I make to better our lives and also making sure she doesn't feel the gap. Left by her husband (My father) I love you always Mrs Dladla (okuningi ngikushilo kuWhatsapp) Thank you to @thespaonfairway for making my mother feel special everytime we come around. See you soon. A post shared by  Khaya Dladla (@khaya_dladla) on May 10, 2020 at 4:27am PDT   