KEAGAN Dolly’s heart is still with French Ligue 1 outfit Montpellier. This is despite the former Mamelodi Sundowns star having spent the better part of the current season nursing an assortment of injuries, which could be risky for his career and see him out of La Paillade. But the star from Westbury in Joburg said Montpellier comes first before he can even entertain any other options. With the 27-year-old’s contract set to come to an end and the increasing rumours of him being linked with a move to Kaizer Chiefs, Dolly insists that coming back home is the last thing in his mind. Speaking to the South African Journalists Association via Zoom interview, the Bafana Bafana midfielder said he would like get more game time and enjoy his career. Dolly has made just 43 appearances since he joined the French side nearly three years ago. He has only played six league matches for Montpellier this season, having last featured in September last year. But he remains optimistic that his contract will be extended: “I have to stay injury free and have a good pre-season so that I can convince them to renew my contract. I would like to play more games and score goals which are lacking. If it’s meant for me to stay here at Montpelier, I will be happy to, but if it’s not meant to be, I’m happy to look elsewhere.” Dolly missed the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals in Egypt last year because of injury. “I’ve learnt that I have to manage my body carefully from now on,” said Dolly. Seeing people like Percy Tau doing well in the Champions League with Club Brugge, and Bongani Zungu doing well against the likes of PSG and Lebo Phiri scoring goals and being the captain of Guingamp, motivates Dolly to work harder. “With me always talking about my injuries, it often seems like I’m making excuses. The main reason why I’m still here and working hard is because of the support structure that is around me,” he said. Dolly has also not given up on returning to the Bafana set-up. “I miss Bafana,” he said.