DESPITE the outbreak of Covid-19 which has delivered a knockout blow to sport worldwide, three local boxing talents Moruti “Baby Face” Mthalane, Khanyile Bulana and Phila Mpontshana have something to cheer about. The two Eastern Cape pugilists Bulana and Mpontshana have earned the International Boxing Federation (IBF) African Fight of the Year accolade with their thrilling performance. Their IBF Continental Africa junior lightweight championship contest was voted as the best fight on the continent by the New Jersey-based sanctioning body. Bulana scored a split decision victory against stubborn Mpontshane to claim the vacant IBF regional belt. The IBF’s continental Bout of the Year was won by South African boxers for the second time in succession. Last year, a fourth round Azinga Fuzile technical knockout against Malcolm Klassen was voted IBF’s Africa Fight of the Year. Meanwhile, the KwaZulu-Natal-born Mthalane, who is the reigning IBF flyweight world champion, has added the IBF championship ring to his trophy cabinet after successfully defending his crown on three occasions. The two-time IBF world champion is a second time recipient of the IBF championship ring. The unbeaten Bulana believes the Fight of the Year accolade will bring recognition internationally and more fight opportunities. The 28-year-old from Scenery Park in East London said the SA junior lightweight title holder pushed him beyond his limit. “I’m happy to get the recognition from one of the four major sanctioning bodies,” explained Bulana. “It means a lot to me. This was my best performance so far. “He was the toughest opponent I have ever met in my professional boxing career. For me to come from featherweight division and go on to defeat a national champion in the much heavier junior lightweight class was a great achievement. “When we met, Mpontshane had not tasted defeat in six years.” Mpontshane, who would like a rematch, applauded his conqueror. “That was a good fight. Bulana forced me to fight cleverly, which is something I haven’t done in a long time. Going into the contest, I was injured and I’ll be happy to get a rematch,” said Mpontshane. But his arch-rival doesn’t see them crossing swords again, as he’s focused on the international stage.