BLACK COFFEE is playing his part to help out during these tough times. The popular DJ hosts #HomeBrewed sessions every weekend and while playing, raises funds to help fight hunger. He has already hosted six sessions and will be hosting his last this weekend. So far, he has raised R500 000. NDZ: LETS TALK ABOUT ZOL! He’s partnered with organisations such as KFC’s Add Hope, Gift Of The Givers, #FeedingSATogether, SAveABusiness and most recently, FoodForward SA. Managing Director of FoodFoward SA, Andy Du Plessis, told Daily Sun they were humbled Black Coffee was helping them. He said: “We are grateful that a South African global star such as Black Coffee has identified us as a beneficiary.” Du Plessis said they hoped about R180 000 would be raised from the session this weekend. “Towards the end of March we made a public appeal to raise R50 million which will enable us to significantly fund our food security programmes. Our appeal has received overwhelming support and we are over the halfway mark in reaching our target. “The funding will enable us to redistribute food to thousands more vulnerable households,” said Du Plessis. He said they had increased the number of beneficiary organisations they supported from 670 before the lockdown to about 1 005, reaching 412 000 households. SOMIZI DISAPPOINTED BY UYAJOLA 99 Black Coffee told Daily Sun: “The idea was inspired by questions that came to me when the pandemic broke out in SA. Questions like, ‘what do we do now and how do we help?’ We decided the easiest way to contribute would be with our time and through using our celebrated skills. “A million was actually our target. We’re grateful we came this far and humbled that friends and fans came together like this to contribute to the cause.” He said he’d be moving on to another initiative. “Our next focus will be on FlightMode Digital, one of the companies I established. One of its functions is being an angel investor to small tech companies in Africa and the world. I believe in entrepreneurship,” he said.