METRO FM presenter Lerato Kganyago’s hubby Thami Ndlala has been caught up in a vehicle fraud scandal. In a six and half-year fraud investigation at the Garsfontein Police Station in Tshwane, Thabo Tlhopane Molapo told police in his statement Thami asked to use his personal details to purchase a Range Rover. Both Thami and Thabo were arrested in 2013 and are also expected to appear in court again in July. The two pleaded not guilty to the charge at the time. Thabo implicated Ndlala claiming that he gave him R6 000 in return for the favour. According to Thabo’s statement, seen by the SunTeam, he was approached by Thami. Read the statement, in part: “During May 2012, I was approached by Thami. He told me there were certain guys who wanted to buy a vehicle, he further asked me if I would assist them because I work in government (Department of Justice). “They promised me to give me something for my effort. “After sometime, I received a cellphone call from Thami telling me he’d give me six (6) thousand rand if I could give him a copy of my identity document, proof of residence and salary advice. “Two days later, Thami visited my workplace and handed six (6) thousand rands in cash to me. I then gave him all my personal details, an ID number, salary advice and proof of residence. “Following that, I [had no idea] what he bought until he approached me for a signature at one of the car dealerships in Benoni, east of Jozi. I can’t remember the garage name, but I can point out the garage.” Thabo said he only visited the garage once. “We bought a vehicle via Westbank,” the statement read. “According to my personal knowledge, Thami’s paying instalments straight to the bank. Up to now, the vehicle is still in my name. “Initially, Thami used to send the instalment money to my account (account number withheld) and the bank would debit my account.” Thabo also told cops he knew Thami through a mutual friend. “Thami used to come with my friend to my workplace. I just know him as Thami, I don’t have his physical address. I only have his contact number (cellphone numbers withheld).” When called by the SunTeam, Thabo refused to comment. Said Thabo: “I have no knowledge of what you saying, and can’t discuss such things with the media.” In his account, Thami denied being involved in the fraudulent purchase. Insisted Thami: “I was never involved in the purchase of that car. “I discovered it was bought fraudulently and distanced myself. I was only helping Thabo to pay the instalments as a friend.” According to Thami, he laid a charge against the investigating officers. “I don’t want to talk about that because it’s an ongoing court matter,” he said. National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) spokesperson, Phindi Louw-Mjonondwane, said investigations were yet to be finalised. “It’s a decision docket, the NPA’s SCC unit is guiding the investigations. “No court date has been set as yet, because investigations are yet to be finalised,” she said. Police spokesperson Kay Makhubele confirmed the case, saying: “Two suspects were arrested.” Lerato distanced herself from the matter when called for comment.