A legal
battle is looming after health and safety inspectors from the labour department
shut down Frere Hospital in East London amid concerns that its measures to
prevent the spread of Covid-19 are inadequate, according to a report in
DispatchLive. The
department and province's health authorities are set to battle it out over
whether labour safety provisions trump the hospital's mandate to provide
healthcare and the public's right to treatment during a pandemic. On Friday,
Eastern Cape health department spokesperson Sizwe Kupelo confirmed to
DispatchLive it had lodged an urgent court interdict to challenge the notice
issued by labour department officials. The
prohibition notice to shut down the hospital was served on Frere Hospital's
acting CEO, James Thomas, on Tuesday by labour inspector Apiwe Maxontana, the
report said. It added
the labour department had not backed down amid efforts by the hospital's
management, with the director-general of the labour department, Thobile Lamati,
refusing to withdraw the notice for closure. Lamati said
the health and safety of employees were important. Meetings
between the hospital management and unions representing staff and labour
officials were also held as staff had concerns about the hospital's protocols
to manage the virus, the publication said. It added
Nehawu regional secretary Zwelakhe Tywala supported the notice to shut the
hospital down. Tywala said
workers had embarked on a strike as the health department had instructed the
hospital how to deal with Covid-19, but despite a department follow-up, the
hospital did nothing to meet the requirements. News24
previously reported the Eastern Cape planned to spend more than R50 million to
upgrade 28 hospitals amid the Covid-19 threat. Provincial
spokesperson Mvusiwekhaya Sicwetsha said the money would assist in preparing
facilities for admission of patients. The Eastern
Cape accounted for about 12% of infections in the country, sitting at 2 459
positive cases as of Friday, News24 reported. SOURCE:
NEWS24