Police spokesperson Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo said the
Police, SANDF and Traffic officers received information about suspects
transporting illicit cigarettes and immediately followed it up. He said on a roadblock was set up and the vehicles were
observed coming from Tshipise towards the direction of N1 road. The four
vehicles, a Mazda sedan, Nissan paddle van, Toyota Quatum and a Chrysler SUV
were then stopped at different intervals. The Nissan bakkie reportedly failed to stop. It sped off
and turned into the nearby gravel road. A car chase ensued until the driver
lost control and knocked against a fence. The suspects then got out and ran into the nearby bushes.
Meanwhile, the Toyota Quantum also failed to stop and both the driver and
passenger jumped from the moving vehicle and escaped. The vehicle ultimately hit
a pole and came to a halt. The Mazda vehicle was seen making a U-turn in attempt to
evade arrest but police gave chase. The suspects abandoned the vehicle and also
fled into the nearby bushes. The last vehicle, Chrysler was also abandoned by
the suspects. During the search, Police discovered 57 boxes with 50 cartoons in each box, 87
boxes of Remington Gold cigarettes with 21 cartoons and 2x20 packets, 15 Master
box with 47 cartoons and 7 packets inside three of the vehicles. The total value of the recovered properties is estimated
at R1 454 428.00. The fourth vehicle (Chrysler), did not have the
cigarettes but it is suspected to have been stolen. The Provincial Commissioner of the South African Police Service
in Limpopo Lieutenant General Nneke Ledwaba commended the members for their
vigilance and commitment which resulted in the confiscation of these illicit cigarettes
and motor vehicles. The origin and
destination of the recovered properties will be determined by the ongoing
investigation. Anyone with information that can lead to the arrest of the
suspects involved in this matter, may contact Colonel Mamuhoyi on 082 414 6683
or the crime stop number 0860010111 or the nearest Police station.