Four minutes and 28 seconds. That is how long it took a News24 reporter to find cigarettes – meant to be banned under Level 4 lockdown regulations – which were available for purchase at one of many places in South Africa. With Level 4 lockdown in place and the sale of cigarettes prohibited, smokers have not had to search long and hard for a fix, as supply has been made available on the black market, it appears. Recent research by the Human Sciences Research Council (HSRC), conducted in April, said "a quarter of people in informal settlements were able to buy cigarettes". This was double the number in formal areas. Across South Africa in general, cigarettes were four times easier to access than alcohol – the sale of which is also banned, the data showed."One in five people in South Africa currently smoke, and approximately one in ten smokers were able to access cigarettes during lockdown. The continued access to cigarettes in informal settlements could imply informal trade," the HSRC said.News24 hit the streets of two of the country’s major metros, Cape Town and Pretoria, to find out just how easily available tobacco products were during the lockdown. We also spoke to smokers who had found access spots. In Cape Town, it took only four minutes and 28 seconds to find the first pack of cigarettes for sale. Another three minutes to find a second box. And, in under an hour, News24 had found a full carton to buy - 10 packs of 20. The brands: Stix, Derby and Sharp. In Pretoria, it took only 15 minutes for News24 to find its first dealer, after approaching a man in Mamelodi who signalled that he had cigarettes by placing two fingers on his lips, gesturing taking a drag of a cigarette.The man offered up five packs of Camel filter and two packs of Dunhill Courtleigh blend, for R60 each, and said he could get other cigarettes. These were the only conventional brands of cigarettes that News24 managed to find in Pretoria.In Pretoria, News24 drove through the CBD where loose draws were freely available at R5 per cigarette. In Pretoria West, a dealer was selling a brand called Sharp for R70 a packet.In the upmarket suburbs in Pretoria East, News24 found a local café that was out of cigarettes, but still willing to sell cigars and snuff (a smokeless tobacco product) at retail price.Another local grocery store admitted to selling cigarettes during the lockdown, but said they had since run out. The cashier informed News24 that they would be getting stock of Sharp later this week.A parking guard at a shopping complex was selling a brand called Remington Gold for R70 a pack, while a security guard at an estate was selling Sharp and Pall Mall at R65 per pack. In Cape Town, News24 sought to buy cigarettes at petrol stations – those franchised with the major petrol retail chains.Under the counterAt more than half-a-dozen sites, staff said cigarettes were either unavailable, or "banned". Cigarette stock shelves appeared empty – in the cashiers’ booths above or behind staff on duty. In several places, notices had been placed advising customers of cigarettes’ non-availability.At major supermarket and retail chains, cigarettes were also not available. There were no exceptions to this.But, third, at non-franchise supermarkets, or smaller trading stores, cigarettes were widely available. These were typically not at major retail centres, but in smaller retail blocks, in communities.In none of these stores were cigarettes openly available.But for shoppers willing to ask, staff behind the tills then paused, assessed the people within sight or earshot, and then asked for a preference in brands. These usually numbered just two or three. Some shops offered just one brand.Boxes of cigarettes were then taken from under-the-counter – literally. The cost-per-box ranged from R30 to R45.In one store, the staff member asked: "Would you like a box or a carton?"The price was quoted at R400 for a carton of 10 boxes of 20 cigarettes. The carton was fetched from a storeroom at the back of the shop – and wrapped in newspaper, and placed in a packet, to hide the contents. The store would only accept cash, however – and refused to collect any payment by card.Fourth, cigarettes were occasionally found in tiny, makeshift stores - typically selling a narrow range of products.  