ALMOST-forgotten prominent road runner Mapaseka “Speedster” Makhanya has opened up about her struggles as an athlete. Makhanya, who didn’t take part in a single race last year, is starting to feel the impact of staying away from road running events. The untimely passing of her brother last year, threw her career off balance. She also encountered other personal issues that derailed her dream. Makhanya had gone underground in Soweto for some time to clear her head. Her lack of running has hit her hard in the pocket and left her vulnerable. The outspoken athlete is living off her savings and fears she’ll run out soon, if she doesn’t get back on the road again. Athletics SA (ASA) suspended all athletics events in the country because of the COVID-19 outbreak, since March until further notice. The former Gauteng marathon and Spar Ladies 10km challenge winner had a comeback plan with a couple of races lined up. But her plans were halted by the coronavirus outbreak. She was supposed to run in the Hong Kong Marathon in China, Hanover Marathon in Germany, Spar Ladies and the Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon. But organisers were forced to cancel all the events due to the outbreak of the pandemic, and athletes were left stranded with no source of income. The Soweto-born athlete signed a new contract with Murray&Roberts Running Club, joining other big-name athletes Charne Bosman and Kesa Molotsane, who are also running for the club. “I’m still running and have no desire to stop doing what I love the most. This was supposed to be the year of my comeback, but COVID-19 had other ideas,” Makhanya lamented. She said other athletes have been calling her to talk about their struggles during this difficult time. “I live off my savings and it’s not much. Other athletes live from hand to mouth and things are going from bad to worse. “I have my parents and daughter to provide for and it’s not easy with the little I have,” she said. Despite signing for a new club, Makhanya said according to her contract agreement, she won’t be paid for the first six months as she had not taken part in any events in the last 12 months. “The agreement was that they’ll pay for my flights and accommodation to run in the races I had secured and after six months we could then discuss payment. But I didn’t compete this year.” It’s Mother’s Day today and Makhanya said instead of celebrating this beautiful day, she’s miserable at home. Her last hope is to run in the Soweto Marathon scheduled for 1 November at the FNB Stadium, south of Joburg. “It’s highly unlikely that other races will ever take place this year. “I want to run the Soweto Marathon and make some money,” she said. Her biggest regret is that she has no other source of income other than running.