THEIR only way of generating income is through transporting pupils to school, since the lockdown began it has been tough. The scholar transporters feel that even when the lockdown has been put on level four times will still be hard for them. The transporters said they are in the dark about how they will transport pupils as the lockdown regulation doesn’t allow a full load. They said for them it’s going to be hard to transport such a low number. A malume (44), who asked not to be named, said he takes pupils from KwaMashu to Sydenham. “I take a full load because I make one trip in the morning as the pupils are going to school and another one back with the children in the afternoon. I don't make several trips per day,” he said. He said now with this lockdown regulations it means he must take a few. “But nobody has informed us how we will operate because we can’t take a few and make several trips in the morning and also in the afternoon,” he said. Nhlanhla Nhlangulela (33) said being in the dark about the way they will operate gives him a hard time. “I don’t have money and the more I stay home, I will be affected. Government doesn’t even mention us in the speeches, we just don’t know where we stand,” he said. But they are not the only ones who were badly affected, the women who sell to pupils in schools said they too have no idea what will happen to them. Gogo Manosi Gumede (68) from J section KwaMashu, north of Durban, who sells chips, sweets and lollipops to pupils at Khethamahle Primary School, said she also has no clue if she will ever be able to sell at the schools again. “I can’t even remember when I started selling there. It’s been the only income I got up until I started receiving my pension grant when I was 60-years-old. But since I have been sitting at home due to the lockdown, I don’t know whether we will be allowed back to sell,” she said. The secretary of the South African Scholar Transporters Association (Sasta), Ntokozo Khumalo said they are left in the dark. “In March we wrote a letter to the minister of transport asking him for a relief fund, but we didn’t get a response. We have also wrote to the president but his office also told us to wait, how much longer should we wait,” he said. He said government continues to make plans for all departments, but they are left in the dark.      