We have officially gone past 50 days of being under lockdown due to COVID-19 and its safe to say that people are not happy. Government has done its bit to help cushion the health, social and economic blow brought by this virus. But the reality is people are mentally, physically, emotionally, financially and yes sexually unhappy. So, the burning question is: Can one be happy without sex? The lockdown, depending on how lucky you are has seen a lot of couples having to keep a romantic distance from one another, with many deciding to be with their families during this lockdown. What once seemed like a welcomed break from your bae has turned out to be an emotional nightmare, and the sexual frustrations have begun to kick in. Sexual frustration according to sex therapists is a condition that occurs when one becomes agitated due to not being satisfied with their sex life. In other words, your sexual desires and needs aren't being met. According to sex therapist Louanne Cole Weston, sexual frustration can be caused by an array of things: "For example, if one partner has a higher sex drive than the other, both partners are at risk for sexual frustration. Sexual frustration can occur if you aren't receiving the level of intimacy that you'd like to be experiencing with your partner. For example, if you're in an intimate relationship with someone but you barely hug or kiss, you might feel like you don't really know your partner. People who suffer from a sexual dysfunction disorder, which is a type of sexual disorder that inhibits the expression of sexuality in some way, such as experiencing erectile disorder, may also experience sexual frustration." To put this into context, couples and partners are about to self-destruct due to their lack of action. Their hormones are at a melting pot stage, and sooner or later they will implode. Even if you creatively resort to self-catering practices (masturbation). Will it be enough to cover the void left by the makhoya
thing? In a nutshell, sex has become more than a fun and recreational activity between two people. It has become an emotional attachment and bond shared between two people and if taken away or tampered with, it can lead to a tide of emotions. With the end of this global pandemic not in sight, our sexual distancing will be severely be tested. So the question remains: Can you be happy without
sex?   