Deputy Minister of Health Joe Phaahla and Premier, Job Mokgoro launched the Covid19 Progress and Community Constituency Strategy on Friday at Lutheran Church in Tlhabane near Rustenburg, North West. MEC for Health, Madoda Sambatha and other members of the North West Provincial Command Council also lead the screening and testing programme around Tlhabane Township. As part of Observing worker's day Personal protective equipment (PPEs) and the Intensive Care unit were also launched at Job Shimankana Tabana Hospital.  The hospital is being prepared in getting ready to treat patients with the Corona virus. Premier Mokgoro said that "As we commemorate worker's day it is crucial that we take into count the contribution made by workers especially during this time where the country fights COVID-19." "We need to ensure that our workers are safe and protected by providing all the necessary protective equipment needed." "This is the time where the province must stand united in the fight against the pandemic. Let us also take the lessons learned to during this time to better ourselves from now going forward, said Mokgoro "We have made efforts to work with MECs and Head of Departments in the health sector to ensure that front line workers are provided with the equipment they needed. It is important that workers are safe at all times," said Deputy Minister of Health Joe Phaahla. "We have lunched a toll-free numbers where workers will be able to communicate easily with us when they more supply of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Our system has gotten better and we are certain that deliveries will be made often. We are very confident that going forward things are going to be much easy. People should get used to the new way of living. Life will never be the same again. Fighting this virus will require a lot of discipline from all of us together with societies," said Phaahla. The number of COVID19 confirmed cases in North West Province is 31, an increase of 2 cases from previously reported cases. The 2 cases are in Brits, taking the number of confirmed cases in Madibeng Municipality to 8.