No mask, no shopping, this was the situation in Bridge City shopping centre today. As the country entered level four today the lockdown regulations were adjusted a little. Some restaurants were allowing people to order, and they would deliver the food to them. Most shopping centres and malls were open even the clothing shops. Therefore, people got out of their houses and they went shopping. But at the Bridge City Shopping Centre in KwaMashu north of Durban, no one was allowed to enter the shopping centre without wearing a mask. Those who didn't have masks were turned away. But some people didn't want to be turned back and they were seen allegedly borrowing the masks from other people. The SunTeam witnessed some men taking off their t-shirt and covering their mouths and noses in order to enter into the shopping centre. Some people even used scarfs to cover their mouths and noses. However, this was also a great opportunity for some people as they stood outside the mall selling the masks to those who didn't have for an amount of R10 and others for R20. Many people were seen buying the masks. A shopper Nkosikhona Ndlovu (33) said he was happy to hear that clothing shops were now opened. He said he had come to buy winter clothes for his two children. "I left my children at home because I knew that the shopping centre would be full, so I didn't want to risk their lives. I had also thought that the restaurants would be open, but they are closed. They are not even taking orders to delivering the food in our homes," he said. Another shopper Nokuthula Mpanza (33) said she had also come to buy winter clothes. She said she was happy to find that many clothing shops opened. "I came wearing a mask, so I didn't encounter any trouble. After I finish my shopping I will go straight home," she said. A shopper who didn't have a mask and had to use a scarf Ntokozo Mchunu (23) said she will buy a mask so that she will never have to use a scarf again. Security guards only allowed shoppers who wore masks to enter at Bridge city mall at KwaMashu, Durban. Photo:Jabulani Langa