  MAMELODI Sundowns defender Ricardo Nascimento is excited to be back playing on a regular basis this season after overcoming his injury troubles. Before Covid-19 put a halt to the Premier Soccer League season, Nascimento had forced his way back into Pitso Mosimane’s Downs team following a lengthy spell on the sidelines. The Brazilian centre-back, who had been sidelined since the end of last season after having groin surgery, was just beginning to gain momentum when the Absa Premiership was suspended due to the outbreak of coronavirus and Mzansi went into lockdown. He has played nine matches in all competitions this season, scoring a solitary goal and helping keep three clean sheets in the process since his return. “My recovery was great and I felt confident coming back that I could play at my best,” Nascimento told his club’s website. “I have played nine games this season, I feel good and happy – I missed football after six months on the sidelines. Training like (at home) this is good, but it’s not the same thing. I miss the ball and the pitch. It’s tough, I felt like I was picking up steam and hungry to add value to the team.” Mosimane will be pleased to have one of his key defenders for the past four seasons back as Sundowns look to clinch their third straight league title. Nascimento has been a big player for Mosimane and Downs since joining from Brazilian based outfit Atlético Monte Azul in July 2016. The 33-year-old has gone on to make 101 appearances for Downs, scoring 13 goals in his four seasons at the club. Although he had doubts at the beginning, Nascimento does not regret moving to Mzansi and to play in the PSL “I have spent four years here, South Africa is like my second home – SA was a lovely surprise. I came from Europe and Portugal where I had played for over six years,” he added. “At first when I initially got the offer, I was sceptical – having not watched any PSL games but it’s been a great surprise. “I think the league will kick-off, but the most important thing right now is the coronavirus. We all need to be safe and then get back on the pitch.”   