A family from Snathing in Pietermaritzburg, in the KZN Midlands, is asking for a helping hand from Good Samaritans to help them rebuild their house. This comes after their four-room mud house was damaged by the storm on Wednesday, leaving them without shelter. The eldest family member, Samkelisiwe Sibisi (34) said the heavy rains damaged two main rooms that the entire family was still using. “We were not using the other two rooms because they had huge cracks and the roof allowed rainwater to flood in. Now that the two-rooms we used have fallen, we are left with nothing,” said Samke. She said they are currently being sheltered in the home of their neighbour but she emphasised that they can’t stay for a very long time. “Because the house is not hers, it belongs to her family member who works far from home. When he comes back he will need to use his house, that is why we are asking for help to rebuild our own house so that we will be out before the owner comes back,” said Samke. She said they are even without enough food and blankets because most of their things were damaged by the rain. She said they reported the matter to the ward councillor who promised them food parcels soon. “We will appreciate whatever help that he may give us because we are in desperate need. Regarding the house, he didn’t promise anything,” she said. Samke revealed that her family had applied for an RDP house several years ago but when the rest of the kasi residents were built RDP houses, they were left behind. “We tried following through with the previous councillor but he said our family didn’t appear on the list of the applicants and we failed to understand why because we did apply,” said Samke. Ward councillor Nkosinathi Mbanjwa confirmed that he is aware of the matter. “I am currently trying my level best that they get food parcels soon. The facilitation is currently underway,” said Mbanjwa. Msunduzi municipality spokeswoman, Thobeka Mafumbatha said: “They will be receiving food parcels and the issue around their RDP will be investigated and they will be assisted accordingly.”