THEY are struggling to provide for their families because of the lockdown, so magoshas have demanded a special Covid-19 social grant. They said it’s unfair for government to exclude them in plans to provide relief funds. “We’re breadwinners and our kids are now starving,” one magosha told Daily Sun. A number of magoshas expressed anger that government gave additional social grant and relief funds without outlining plans for them. One said government needed to acknowledge them as workers as they provided a service and were able to make ends meet. She wanted at least a R600 monthly! “We haven’t had any clients since the lockdown because we don’t have permits and physical contact isn’t allowed,” said the a 33-year-old from Jozi. “Government should start taking us seriously and allocate grants for us. I make R2 000 in a bad month,” A magosha (22) from Soweto, who lives with her brother, said she’s running out of food. She’s been a sex worker for over a year and went into the sex trade after her grandma died. “I dropped out of college and had to look for a job. My friends introduced me to prostitution. I was desperate. Since then I’ve been able to buy food, clothes and pay for water and lights.” Most of her clients are in Midrand and Menlyn in Tshwane. She said her services vary from R500 to R3 500, depending on the hours. “They’re big spenders. I make a lot of money when they keep me for a night. It’s been dry and government should at least give us R600 so we can feed our families.” Last month, government announced that child support grant recipients would receive an extra R300 this month, and R500 from June to October. Other grant recipients will receive an extra R250.In addition, R350 will be paid monthly to jobless individuals who don’t get UIF and any other form of social grants. SunReaders said on Facebook: The fundraiser will provide emergency relief for sex workers not covered by government or other financial support provided to workers by government due to the criminalisation of sex work.