STELLENBOSCH FC defender Sibusiso Mthethwa is delighted to be playing regularly at the highest level in Mzansi football again this season, having spent some time in the second tier. At 29, the lanky centre-back is aware that he does not have much time left in his career and would like to keep showcasing his skills at the top. He helped Stellies win the National First Division (NFD), now GladAfrica Championship last season and gain promotion to the Absa Premiership. Now, his mission is to ensure that he maintains consistent and does not drop back to the Championship, especially at his age. Mthethwa has been steadily establishing himself as one of the most reliable central defenders in the league this season. He has made 21 appearances in all competitions this campaign, helping Stellies to keep nine clean sheets in the process. The former Free State Stars, University of Pretoria and now defunct Platinum Stars player has had even been linked to a number of big clubs, but he keeps his head down. “Obviously, when you’re doing well people, will talk,” said Mthethwa. “I don’t really take any of those links seriously because there isn’t even a single club that has come with an offer. It’s all just talk. “I just try to focus on my job, my team and do my best. And thankfully we have done quite well as a team this season, although it has not been easy.” Mthethwa, whose contract with the Cape Winelands-outfit is set to expire at the end of next month, is yet to receive a renewal offer. Although he is eager to stay with Steve Barker’s Stellies, he will have no choice but to leave the club as a free agent if he doesn’t get an offer to extend his stay. “My mind at the moment is at the job at hand, which is keeping the club up. I haven’t really thought much about the contract situation,” added Mthethwa. “I feel that if I work hard enough then the club will offer me a new contract. But if that doesn’t happen, then I will have to look elsewhere. “If they feel like they still need me here, then I would be more than happy to stay because I have enjoyed my time here. “But if it isn’t meant to be, then I will also embrace a new challenge elsewhere.”