  SAA and its business rescue practitioners are, therefore, instructed to withdraw these notices. The order states, however, that nothing precludes them from offering, nor any employee of SAA from accepting, any offer of voluntary retrenchment, Judge Andre van Niekerk ruled. On Thursday, the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (Numsa) and the South African Cabin Crew Association (Sacca) challenged the Section 189 retrenchment process initiated by the practitioners in March. On Thursday evening the practitioners announced that, in order to make the appropriate decisions depending on what the Labour Court ruling, they have extend the deadlines for unions and individual employees to sign the proposed voluntary termination of employment agreement yet again. The Department of Public Enterprises last week said it had roped in an international aviation firm to assist with the formation of a new airline to replace SAA. Up to now, however, no announcement has been made of any further funding that has been obtained. The business rescue practitioners responded to say they are studying the Labour Court judgment. Airlines floundering Airlines across the world have taken significant strain, with five international air transport and tourism bodies earlier this week appealing for support of Africa's travel and tourism sector, which employs some 24.6 million people.       Alternative transition Gordhan said in an online media briefing to Parliament on Wednesday that the court case was very important, as it is challenging whether, without a business rescue plan presented, a Section 189 retrenchment process can be undertaken. "We believe an alternative transition process is possible and we will put those proposals to the BRPs in the next 48 hours. The business rescue plan ultimately is to see how the business can get to be viable in future. The various classes of creditors must vote on it and banks in SA are the main creditors," said Gordhan. He questioned millions of rand paid by the BRPs for aviation consultants from the US. He said government does not plan to privatise SAA, yet a national airline is not necessarily 100% owned by the state. Therefore, government "will entertain strategic equity partners". https://www.fin24.com/Companies/Industrial/saa-retrenchment-notices-were-unfair-court-rules-2020050  