THERE is nothing that would disappoint Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder Tiyani “Shuga” Mabunda than to see the 2019-20 Absa Premiership season cancelled, and the leaders being given the winners’ trophy. The 32-year-old from Polokwane, Limpopo, said the Brazilians still have some unfinished business where they need to defend their PSL title, their 10th overall, and win the Nedbank Cup, which is on the semi-final stage. When the season was paused due to the severity of Covid-19, Kaizer Chiefs were at the summit of the table, with Sundowns breathing heavily behind them at second place. “We are an ambitious team and a lot is expected from us – family and supporters,” Mabunda said in a telephonic interview with SunSport. “I believe the league must resume but we should practise safety first before we go back. Personally, I am looking forward to completing the season. “If not, it’ll send a bad message to the world. We need to inspire people to finish what they we have started.” The former Black Leopards and Bafana Bafana midfielder believes life must go on, and “we cannot be totally on hold”. “I know it is always difficult to get back to normal, but we have move on,” he emphasised. “As you can see, there’s no form of entertainment on TV and others are shutting down. Football unites the country and the world, so we have to find a way.” He believes South Africa is in a league of its own, compared to the rest of the world. “Leaders in European leagues are leading teams behind them with a big margin,” said Mabunda whose foundation has been busy donating food parcels to the needy last week. “With us at here home, the teams at the top (Sundowns, Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, SuperSport United and Bidvest Wits) are still to play each other. There are still very much important games that could still decide the league, hence I say we must carry on. “It’s really difficult for one to say the title must be handed over to the leaders. Any team at this point in time has a chance to clinch the title. “We are looking forward to competing and complete what we have started. We have been in this situation (being the chasing pack) before in the past seven years. It is nothing new to us. “We have managed to come back on the last strait and clinch the title. Sundowns have the capability to retain the title. “We just have to wait and see how it all pens out. Another perspective is that you nullify the league, then what happens to the Nedbank Cup? “We are in the semi-final stage and the winner has to be decided. But we believe things will be better in due course.” He reckons they are now ready for war after having had a break from their hectic seven years where they have been busy with league, cups and Caf Champions League tournaments. “This situation has given us time to get our body back to its original state, and we had enough rest. “We worked hard,” he said while applauding their Zoom training with their Biokineticist Stuart McGregor.