Uzalo’s cast and crew can finally breath a sigh of relief as they resume shooting tomorrow. But they’re going back to a cold set. This as the prime-time SABC1 soapie’s couples are no longer allowed to express affection on camera. So, viewers can kiss goodbye to hot scenes with kissing, touching and any physical contact from their favourite characters. Insiders told the SunTeam government regulations to curb the spread of COVID-19 had backed the drama’s writers into a corner. An insider said the altered storyline had a big impact on Uzalo’s episodes. Explained the informant: “Most of these actors will suffer and still don’t know what the future holds because of these drastic changes. The producers and writers have had to focus on other plots within the storyline that don’t involve couples in order to practice the social distancing rule. The insider said the future of popular on-screen couples such as Sbusiso and Fikile, played by Simphiwe Majozi and Nelisa Mchunu-Nomcebo and Qhabanga, played by Nombulelo Mhlongo and Syabonga Shibe, are still not known since the scripts had been changed. Said the insider: “There’s no episode passing by without these couples appearing in bed together or hugging. They’re regarded as onscreen powerful and popular couplesThings are going to take another turn It’s tough and they will only find out what is going to happen about their storylines tomorrow.” Another insider said the storyline about Lindiwe (Dawn Thandeka-King) and Nkunzi (Masoja Msiza) who had just moved in together has also been rewritten. “Actors are scared of losing their jobs. They don’t know what tomorrow holds. Social distancing makes it hard for producers and writers, which cause a lot of stress and uncertainty for actors,” said the insider. The move was confirmed by actress, Baby Cele, who plays Gabisile in the drama. Speaking on Ukhozi FM on Friday, she confirmed the changes and that shooting resumes tomorrow. Insisted Baby: “Writers had to change the scripts. We thank them for a job well done.” Uzalo publicist, Nomfundo Zondi, said:  they won’t say anything about the arrangements of work at the moment, until tomorrow when they go back to work.“Everyone wasn’t at work, so we can’t comment now until we see what happens when we get the ball rolling.” 1.Sunday Sun had last week reported Uzalo was running out of episodes and that viewers were expected watch repeats of previous episodes from 8 May.