SWALLOWS FC coach, Brandon Truter, has revealed that the news of Orlando Pirates midfielder Ben Motshwari testing positive for the deadly Coronavirus has “scared” many of his and other players in Mzansi. The former Richards Bay mentor believes this will set a lot of players back mentally as talks to resume the PSL season continue behind closed doors. As much as Truter wants to return to the dugout to complete what is left of the season, he insists it should only happen when it’s “completely safe to do so.” “I speak to my players everyday and can tell you they’re scared,” said Truter. “They want to get back to playing football because that’s what they love doing, but having seen one of their own in Ben (Motshwari) testing positive, some of them are really scared now. “Now, they see that this virus is really not a joke, if it can hit so close to home, then they are not safe. Footballers sometimes think they’re superhuman or invincible but this has sort of driven the message home that they’re not. “They’re just human like you and I. But they need to be protected as much a possible. Their lives are far more important than the game of football, as much as we love it. Our thoughts are with Ben at this time. All of us here at Swallows FC wish him well and are confident he’ll fight the virus and recover.”Truter, who has done a sterling job since taking over at the Dube Birds, has sung the praises of his management at the club. In these difficult times for clubs around the world, Swallows have done their best to ensure they continue to pay their staff full salaries. “We have some of the most honest people running this club so we have been fortunate to not have been affected in as far as salary cuts are concerned,” added Truter. “As far as I know, everyone at the club has been paid their full salary and the club are determined to continue doing so for the remainder of our respective contracts. “But you know, there’s no telling how long this pandemic is going to last so we’re just crossing fingers that it passes soon and clubs don’t have to make drastic decisions. “Players, coaches and the entire staff have families they need to provide for. We are breadwinners. It wouldn’t be nice if we find ourselves in a position where we can’t afford to do that anymore.”