PITSO Mosimane has lived true to his promise to his dearest Mamelodi Sundowns fans that he will not be leaving the Chloorkop-based outfit. SunSport understands that Mosimane has finally renewed his contract with the Brazilians after long discussions with the club which has raised a lot of speculations. An official close to developments at Sundowns told SunSport Mosimane has agreed to a long-term contract that could see him stuck in Chloorkop until end of the 2022-23 season. “Pitso and Patrice Motsepe (Downs president) have finally agreed and the deal was sealed long time ago,” our mole said. “Look, it is a highly kept secret at the moment as the club want to make a big announcement. But the coronavirus outbreak has delayed everything and it looks like it may be done through a statement.” Mosimane has also given a hint on his social media platform yesterday when he enticed the Sundowns fans that an “announcement is loading”, with his picture on it. Whether it is on this renewal or another announcement remains to be seen. Mosimane has always emphasised that he likes the club and does not see himself coaching elsewhere, following interests from clubs in Egypt, DR Congo, Tunisia and locally. It is common knowledge that Mosimane’s negotiations with Sundowns were halted by some principle issues that delayed the whole agreement. “I can guarantee you that he has signed though the club will not comment on it,” another source consulted by SunSport said. “Pitso has been patient and careful on this contract issue. There has been too many people who were involved, but Sundowns fans have put pressure on the president that they only want Pitso as their coach. “But it was just a matter of time before they found each other and agreed. It was not all about money, but just some small agreements to leave a legacy for his family in a form of a juniors football development academy. “Names have been bandied about as possible successors, but all those were not true. Look, there were other Sundowns officials who wanted him out, but majority wanted him to stay on and take the club to greater heights.” Among the names that were bandied about included that of Dan Malesela, Eric Tinkler, Gavin Hunt and Benni McCarthy. But none of them have ever confirmed being officially contacted by the club with a proposal, or offer. On his Twitter post, fans were left guessing as to what he is talking about with “announcement loading”. Tebogo Ramasilo believes Mosimane will announce his Sports Academy, plus a three-year deal contract renewal at Downs, while Ngwato M. Thobejane reckons he “will announce they’re handing-over PSL title to Chiefs as a favour to Kaizer Motaung”. Shibambu wrote: “He will remain at Sundowns forever. We, supporters, still love him at Sundowns. I remember Motsepe said he’ll stay at Sundowns for long periods. Nine trophies is a huge achievement.” Sundowns were yet to comment at the time of going to print yesterday.