We like it when our celebs act like normal people and do ordinary things like making breakfast pancakes, cooking dinner, grocery shopping, getting down and dirty while doing their own lawns. But the following celebs have gone an extra mile proving that they are more than just glamours stars who have helpers. Former Muvhango actor Mutodi Neshehe is proving why he is a yummy daddy. The father of two who has been quarantined with one of his daughters had earn our number one spot for being the coolest dad by baking pancakes, and cooking with his daughter to braiding her hair. Enhle Mbali has also proved that she is not just a pretty face but a doting mom to two boys from home schooling them, playing soccer around the yard and TV games. Bassie Kumalo, who has been showing us hot body goals, has also shown us a different side in the kitchen. She has been making hearty meals from lamb shanks to yummy healthy salads for her family. Read: KWASA KING SHOWS LOVE!  So I can pretty much make anything, I love cooking ( when I’m in the mood)and I’m great at it. But today a friend of mine taught me how to make jollof. I was craving it. I really hope the kids like it as much as I do. Oh I used authentic ingredients too , so it taste closest to the Nigerian master piece it is.... Enhle give to to dem... ??????#simplylive #simplylove. #simplyenhle?????? #empressenhle A post shared by  Enhle Mbali Mlotshwa (@enhlembali_) on Apr 21, 2020 at 10:22am PDT   Lunch: sautéed Swiss chard spinach with onions, red peppers, garlic and ginger seasoned with Thai 7 spice (it always adds that “thang” served with meat free sausages and garnished with long stem cut cucumbers, it took all of 10mns! Bon appétit! A post shared by  Basetsana Kumalo (@basetsanakumalo) on Apr 29, 2020 at 6:39am PDT  Made a big lunch for the kids (mash potatoes and ribs) for #FatherOfTheTribe a fish curry on a bed of cauliflower noodles. For dinner, a snack of all that’s on the video. One has to think outside of the box these days and come up with options. Throw in whatever you’ve got in your fridge. The appreciation levels of my efforts have scaled up in my household. No takeaways bazalwane. I think I’m about to be given an award at the rate of appreciation and applause I’m being served for every meal I make. Raise your hand if you feel me. ???? A post shared by  Basetsana Kumalo (@basetsanakumalo) on Apr 28, 2020 at 11:46am PDT  