KZN teachers will not return to school tomorrow as most of the schools have not received the PPE's and the department have not made all safety plans. The KZN premier Sihle Zikalala and Education MEC Kwazi Mshengu has also confirmed that the teachers and management are now expected to return to school on Thursday (28 May) instead of (Monday)25 May. KZN SADTU provincial secretary Nomarashiya Caluza said the teachers won't return to school as long as schools are not safe for them to return. Caluza said on the 22 to 23 May the union  leaders to check the progress made by the department in delivering the needed essential in the forms of PPEs and cleaning of schools. “The findings of this exercise revealed that most deliveries have been made to district but only few have been delivered to schools.To be precise, some schools received between four to eight , five litre of sanatisers and one to two  plastic re-filler pumps for sanitasers.  In other districts, schools were told that three schools would share a pump,” she said. Caluza added that schools in KZN are not ready in complying with COVID19 regulations. “We therefore advise teachers not to report to school until the department has ensure compliance and until the union is confident about state of readiness,” said Caluza. During the briefing held by the provincial government on Sunday Premier Sihle Zikalala told teachers and management not to report to school on Monday (tomorrow) as the schools are not ready yet. Zikalala urge them to only return to work on Thursday when the PPEs are delivered in all schools. “This is done in order to ensure that all the schools have been thoroughly cleaned and that the delivery of all essentials especially PPE’s have reached all our schools. We have taken this decision due to the fact that the demand for these essentials far outstrips the supply and as such some schools are not yet in possession of all the equipment,” said Zikalala. Education MEC Mshengu echoed Zikalala he said the decision to postponed the returning of staff members  is in the interest of safety of our staff and learners. “The extra days will allow us to distribute the PPEs to schools from district offices and to ensure that all schools are safe for the staff,” said Mshengu.He added that all teachers will now report on Thursday 28 May 2020.