 One of government's top epidemiologists says there is
"considerable uncertainty" over the spread of the coronavirus and the
effectiveness of the state and people's interventions to slow the spread of
Covid-19. Dr Harry Moultrie, a senior medical epidemiologist at the
National Institute for Communicable Diseases (NICD), is a key member of the
ministerial advisory committee (MAC) and is intricately involved in mapping and
modelling the spread of coronavirus. He said it was expected parts of the country's healthcare
system would be overwhelmed as a result of an expected "rapid increase in
the number of Covid-19 cases over the next few months". It would take a few more weeks until a proper study on the
effectiveness of the lockdown could be conducted, Moultrie added. With misinformation about the new coronavirus spreading like
wildfire, we separate fact from fiction so you can stay informed. Analysis of coronavirus data reported by the Department of
Health shows this increase has already begun. As of the past week, Covid-19
cases are rising at the highest rate since the outbreak began on 5 March. "We anticipate the number of Covid-19 cases will
increase rapidly in the next few months. The national and provincial health
departments are preparing the healthcare system to respond to the increase …
however, it is unfortunately likely that the health-system capacity will be
overwhelmed in some areas of South Africa during the next few months,"
Moultrie said. The chairperson of the MAC, Professor Salim Abdool Karrim,
however said this week increases in cases, currently at around 330 per day on
average, was not yet a cause for concern. In the past three days, the highest single-day increases in
cases was reported - 447 new cases on Sunday, and 437 new one on Monday. On
Tuesday, 352 new cases were reported. While increased infection rates have long been predicted,
the easing of lockdown effective as of 1 May, saw more than one million people
returning to work and some retail shops being allowed to reopen. "As contact rates between people increases as a result
of the necessary easing of the lockdown, the epidemic growth rate will
increase. "There, however, remains considerable uncertainty
regarding both biological aspects of SARS-CoV-2 transmission and the
quantitative effectiveness of interventions by the government and individuals
to decrease transmission," Moultrie said. An analysis of positive cases reported by the Department of
Health since 5 March found in the past week (28 April to 5 May), cases
increased by an average of 347 new cases per day. This is calculated by taking
the daily number of new cases over the previous week and conducting a simple
average calculation. This was a method of tracking first suggested by Karim. Average daily increase of cases, calculated over a Average daily increase of cases, calculated over a week of
daily infection rates, shows a steady rise in the average number of new
infections per day. (Graphic – Rudi Louw) Click here for a high res version. In recent days, the average daily increase has grown
consistently - as seen in this graphic which also shows the dip as a result of
the travel ban and banning of mass gatherings as well as the closure of schools
from 18 March - the lowest point being an average of 52 cases per day. Bearing in mind that data from active and passive case
finding is reported together, between 20 and 27 April, the daily average
increase was 204 new cases using the same weekly average method, and for the
previous week of 13 to 20 April, it was 140. For the week of 28 April to 5 May, that average has grown to
347 new cases per day. Karim later said the MAC was looking for a new tracking
method as active case finding data from a mammoth screening and testing
programme would mingle with previous and new passive cases making the
comparison of data from before the screening programme began with newer data
unwise. "It is also important to note that the observed
epidemic growth rate is a function of testing coverage, criteria for testing
and social distancing interventions," Moutrie said. He added since testing and the criteria for testing have
eased over the first month of the local epidemic, "there was considerable
uncertainty of the true growth rate in the pre-lockdown and lockdown
phases". "We will be better placed to quantify the effectiveness
of the lockdown in a few weeks' time. It is, however, apparent that the
lockdown has slowed transmission and bought us precious time to prepare the
healthcare system for the rapid increase in Covid-19 cases we are likely to see
in the next few months," Moutrie said. Increased screening and testing, which is targeted at people
showing symptoms, has resulted in more than seven million people being
screened, of which roughly 43 000 were referred for testing. But, crucially, the data is not showing the infection rate -
the rate at which the virus is spreading - and no official data is speaking to
the number of people tested positive from those found during screening. As of 5 May, the Department of Health reported 268 064 tests
had been conducted, across public and private laboratories - approximately 5
000 in each sector per day. A graphical representation of the daily reported cases shows
a drop in new cases from around 27 March, the effect of a travel ban instituted
on 18 March. But around 18 April, a little over two weeks into a nationwide
hard lockdown, the daily increases start rising again, surpassing the previous
peak. On 23 April, 318 new cases were reported. On 29 April, 354.
This has continued to climb steadily. According to Professor Cheryl Cohen, also an epidemiologist
at the NICD, in a previous interview, it was widely accepted testing had missed
cases, meaning the true number of infections was not known. Only wider testing will eventually show how many people had,
or have, the coronavirus. This leaves serious doubts over the accuracy of reported
data, as what is being reflected in the numbers issued by the Department of
Health, is likely not a reflection of the true spread of Covid-19. Karim spoke of this weekly average needing to remain below
90 per day before lockdown could be lifted - but this was in reference to
passive case finding only - when people presented themselves for testing after
noticing symptoms. Now, with the mixed bag of active and passive cases, this
approach would need to be revisited in its entirety. The exact calculation used in deciding to implement the risk
level approach to lockdown has not been shared publically. Increased infection rate Scientists agree the rate of infection is likely to continue
increasing, with previous government projections showing the peak infection
rate expected around September. Professor Tulio de Oliveira previously told News24 the
increase could be as high as 10% per day. The rate of increase is hard to predict but the easing of
restrictions now in place would likely contribute to a higher increase rate as
contact between people became more frequent. Social distancing, hygiene regimens and the wearing of
masks, measures advised since the start of the outbreak, would likely continue
to temper the rise in infections, Karim said during an interview with the SABC
on Tuesday morning. He told the broadcaster he was not overly concerned with
daily increases of around 300 cases as it was within expected bounds. Karim told News24 last week he expected the infection rate
to increase, but could not say at what level. "Hopefully, we will still practice social distancing
and so on, so that the rate at which it increases will be tempered, and I think
we will see a slow and steady rise in cases," he said. "I think that will sort of lead to a point where it
will rise more rapidly." SOURCE: NEWS24