A Lower Crossroads man is terrified after his supposedly married girlfriend left their one-year-old child in his shack and disappeared into thin air. Sibongiseni Magwebi (33) said his girlfriend visited him on Monday, 11 May, with a big bag full of baby clothes, something that she doesn’t normally do. She then gave Magwebi a bank card to go get money from an ATM in the area. While he was still at the ATM, he received a call from his neighbours telling him that the child was crying alone on the bed. “When I got back, I realised that the bag had all the clothes of the baby and a clinic card, from there I suspected that she had dumped the baby on me. I called her but she never picked up her phone. I then went to a cop shop to report the matter but they only told me to write an affidavit affirming that I didn’t steal the baby,” he said. After that, he ran to Beautiful Gate, an NGO that looks after orphans, but he was told that the organisation does not look after children with parents. “I’m jobless, I don’t have diapers or food for the baby, I have been wrapping him with my old clothes and the situation is even bad now that I can’t even go out to look for piece jobs since I have to look after the baby always,” said Magwebi. Magwebi suspected that his girlfriend of five years was married and when she fell pregnant with his child, she then parted ways with the husband. “This is the explanation I get from her friends, and I think It is now making sense because she never used to sleep at my house since the time we have been dating. She started doing that after she gave birth to our child. I think she was in an abusive marriage and she then took a chance to abuse me,” said Magwebi. In the five years they have been dating the woman never allowed him to visit her family. Magwebi said he tried to visit her six times but whenever he get off the taxi in Khayelitsha, she would switch off her phone. “I ended up giving up and losing interest in knowing about her affairs. She also never shown me her ID and her friends told me that she doesn’t have an ID,” he said. The spokesperson of the department of Social Development in Western Cape Joshua Chigome says they are looking into the matter.