Hello again parents and parents to be. Being pregnant for some can be a beautiful time – for others not so much – for all though there are unpleasant after effects that can linger long after baby’s come and is growing. One of these are stretch marks. A stretch mark is a type of scar that develops when your skin stretches or shrinks quickly. Though they may be the marks that show what you once went through to bring your beloved child into the world, not everyone wants to have them as a constant physical reminder. So, for those whose stretch marks are an unwelcome addition to their post-pregnancy body, there are way of minimising the way they appear on the body. ALSO READ: NEW ROUTINES FOR PARENTS IN OUR NEW REALITY! I never really had a problem with my stretch marks and I must say I have learnt to accept them, however that didn’t stop me from trying to minimise their appearance. I started using the PURITY stretch mark cream two months ago and I must say I am impressed with the way my marks are starting to fade in their appearance. The stretch mark cream keeps my skin moisturised and soft as it is clinically tested to be mild and gentle. The cream has collagen, sweet almond, wheatgerm, neroli oil and vitamin E, which is clinically proven to help decrease the visibility of stretch marks and it smells lovely. I massage the cream twice a day into areas that I have stretch marks and in these two months I have seen a great difference. Another less than glamorous reality for new mothers can be a problem with your nipples when breastfeeding. For this PURITY also has a solution, PURITY & Elizabeth Anne's nipple cream. It soothes cracked, chaffed and sore nipples and is safe for pregnant and breastfeeding women. The nipple cream has come in handy now that my baby is teething and she has started biting my nipples while I am breast feeding her...OUCH! After her feed I gently massage my nipples with the cream. The cream is dermatologically tested and paediatrician approved so you do not have to worry about removing it before breastfeeding your little one. Remember, happy mommy equals a happy baby, take care of your skin mommas.  Get all the information you need, as well as up-to-date articles and advice from the PURITY Journey Journal App’s panel of experts as well as free medical advice thanks to their partnership with Hello Doctor! when you register for free on www.purityapp.co.za Stay safe. Love Nkazi.