Health Minister Zweli Mkhize has explained how provincial
districts will be assigned a lockdown level, saying the government has adapted
its approach to combating Covid-19 and shifted its focus to be narrower. "The time has now come to look forward to the horizon
and take bold steps to beat the virus. The government has thus prepared a
district-based approach to its Covid-19 response, moving away from a
one-size-fits-all method," Mkhize said on Thursday. There was widespread praise for President Cyril Ramaphosa's
announcement of a hard lockdown in March. But, as the weeks and months have
passed since then, there has been a growing sense of unease. On Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa addressed the nation
and announced most parts of the country would drop to Level 3 on the lockdown
scale, while those areas with higher infection rates would remain on Level 4. How levels will be assigne Districts would be sorted according to the average number of
cases it had experienced over one week, Mkhize said. "Depending on the
average active cases per 100 000 people, districts will be individually
assigned levels of lockdown to prevent the spread of the virus." The level of lockdown in each district will then be reviewed
every two weeks by the National Coronavirus Command Council, which will monitor
the case numbers. Departmental oversight will also be put in place, guided by
the national government. Regulations for each level of lockdown would also be
integrated into each of the districts, Mkhize added. Community organisations As part of the new approach, local government, civil
society, religious organisations and community policing forums will be
empowered to enforce and monitor compliance with the lockdown. "This should mobilise communities together, rather than
create hostility against members of the police and the army," Mkhize said. Healthcare system "While these measures are put in place, more needs to
be done to bolster our healthcare system," he added. This means teams made up of medical professions need to be
reinforced, including medical experts, psychologist and social scientists. "Each district should have a dedicated rapid response
team to intervene should there be cluster outbreaks while screening, testing
and case management is conducted." Lockdown Mkhize reiterated the nationwide lockdown was necessary to
save lives and the government was preparing to ease the lockdown following a
successful implementation so far. "What government has achieved in this time is
immeasurable in its efforts to combat the virus," he said. However, he admitted the fight had not been without
challenges. "In some instances, data emerging on case numbers in
some provinces has been misaligned and sometimes inaccurate. Covid-19 hot spots
have emerged in the Eastern and Western Cape, with more than half the country's
cases emanating from the two provinces." However, Mkhize said without the lockdown, at least 80 000
South Africans could have been infected with Covid-19 and the death toll could
have been much higher. SOURCE: NEWS24