ACCORDING to singer Kelly Khumalo, her daugter isn’t a Meyiwa. This as the Meyiwas had yet to pay for damages for her six-year-old daughter, she claimed. Explained Kelly: “The child isn’t a Meyiwa, she’s Khumalo. And I don’t see the necessity of sitting down and talking with the Meyiwas. “We aren’t family and will never be.” In an Ukhozi FM interview on Irvin Sihlophe’s Ezemidlalo sports show on Friday, Kelly said Mzansi hated her because of the Meyiwas. But said she’d forgiven them and had moved on, adding she’d left them to be dealt with by God. She was interviewed about how the late Orlando Pirates and Bafana Bafana captain, Senzo Meyiwa, was shot and killed at her mum’s house in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni, in 2014. To date, no arrests have been made. Kelly also commented on allegations of being involved in her baby daddy’s murder. Commented the singer: “How is it my fault? Is it my fault because Senzo loved me? I don’t think the thought of it being my fault that Senzo was shot comes from South Africa. “I think the people who played a role in driving South Africa to hate me is Senzo’s family. They subjected me to a lot of hate and drove South Africa to hate me as well.” She said the Meyiwas called her all sorts of names. Insisted Kelly: “They never loved me. If you search Google, you’ll see they said a lot of things about me.” And in response to her daughter’s questions about her dad, Kelly said she told her Senzo was in heaven and would one day know about her. The singer also accused the Meyiwas of delaying the arrest of Senzo’s killers. “They’re the reason the killers haven’t been found,” Kelly asserted. “They focused on hating me and finding me guilty instead of trying to find out who killed Senzo.” She said Senzo was a hands-on dad and wished he was around to watch his daughter mature. Answering a question about Senzo’s demeanour ahead of his murder on that fateful day, she said everything was well. Recalled Kelly: “It was such a beautiful day. I was on a phone call with his sister, talking about couples. We then went to Soweto for my performance. “Senzo was there because he wasn’t working that day. We then went back home. It had become our tradition to have my mum cook dinner for us on Sundays, so we dine together as a family.” Kelly said her family had lived in fear since the incident. This as the didn’t know who was watching them. She said the investigating officer and the police minister changes had contributed to Senzo’s murder case taking forever to resolve. “No minister ever asked to speak to me. All they do is go on radio, TV and make promises,” she said. Efforts to contact Kelly were unsuccessful, as her phone rang unanswered. Senzo Meyiwa’s uncle Sfiso Meyiwa said they don’t hate Kelly but there was a misunderstanding between both parties. “We’re willing to sit down with her and sort things out, if she doesn’t mind.” About the damages, he said: “It’s our wish to go to the Khumalos and pay the damages. But we don’t know when we’ll go there.”