BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach Lehlohonolo Seema is starting to feel the financial implications of a Covid-19 forced salary cut! The modest coach has admitted that not getting his usual salary is starting to affect his everyday life, and that of his family. But despite all the challenges that the Siwelele mentor and his team are facing, the 39-year-old remains positive as he also urged his players to do the same. The former Orlando Pirates defender and long-term Celtic man opened up about the challenges he faces – both as a coach and as an individual. “Yes, I’ve been hit hard with the financial cuts just like many people out there,” he said. “It’s an unfortunate situation, but you have to take it on the chin like a man and move on. I just pray that this comes to an end and hope that the economy can start running again.” Even though he faces a difficult challenge, the hard-working coach tries to put his head up for the sake of his players as the leader of the troops. He added: “Hopefully people can start to earn their full salaries soon. For the time being we must adapt to the current situation as there is nothing we can do about it. “But at the same time we’ve got kids who are going to school, and we’re expected to pay school fees and settle bills. We also need to take care of our extended families. You know we, as black people, have a lot of people who depend on a family member who works.” As things stand, Seema said he has no idea how long the club’s situation will last but being the person that he is, he’s optimistic it will end soon. Coming back to matters of the pitch, Seema said players continue to train at home under his supervision due to Level-4 lockdown restrictions. “I told them to double their efforts as we might face the possibility of playing matches in one week when the league schedule resumes,” he revealed. “The fixtures might be tight, and I want them to get ready for that.” Seema also supports the idea of not declaring the season null and void as his team are in the Nedbank Cup semi-final with Mamelodi Sundowns, Baroka FC and Bidvest Wits. “With thorough screening and testing, we can play behind closed doors. I’m in favour of the season being completed,” added Seema.