RANGA “Chivas” Chivaviro is in shock! The Baroka FC striker still cannot believe that Bakgaga chairman Khurishi Mphahlele terminated his contract. Chivaviro, together with the likes of Kamogelo Mogaswa and Mogau Khwinana, were called to the club headquarters in Lebowagomo to be told their services were no longer needed. Baroka loaned the 27-year-old to GladAfrica Championship outfit TS Sporting at the beginning of this season but after an impressive run with the Nelspruit side, Chivaviro was called back to Bakgaga in January. The Secunda-based player told SunSport he is still stunned that his contract with Baroka has been cancelled after playing only seven matches and scoring one goal, which was in the 1-0 win against their Limpopo rivals Polokwane City in an Absa Premiership clash at Peter Mokaba Stadium on 11 January. “I am shocked and hurt as I was not expecting this. I still cannot believe I am no longer a Baroka player,” said Chivaviro. “When I was called to the office by the chairman, I was happy. I thought it was about something else. “I did not expect to be told that my contract has been terminated with immediate effect. Now I have to pack my things and go try my luck somewhere else. “It hurts as I was happy to be back at Baroka and playing in the top flight again. But that’s life. I need to be strong and move on.” He added: “I thought I was doing well and the coach Dylan Kerr was happy with my performances. “Maybe I was wrong. I never had a chance to say goodbye to the guys. Now all I am looking forward to is to work hard at home and hopefully to get a new club after the Covid-19 problem.” The Premiership and Championship were suspended in March due to the coronavirus outbreak. Chivaviro, who still had one year left on his contract, said he does not hold any grudges against Mphahlele. He said: “I am still thankful to Mphahlele for giving me the opportunity to play in the PSL. “ I had a good time with the club and I wish them the best of luck. “I learnt a lot as a player while at Baroka.”