BAROKA FC defender Ananias Gebhardt is predicting a bright future for his Namibian compatriot Peter Shalulile, whether he stays with Highlands Park or signs for a big Absa Premiership club. The in-form midfielder has been linked with a move to the likes of Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, SuperSport United and Mamelodi Sundowns next season. Shalulile has been enjoying an amazing run of form this season, with Owen Da Gama’s team netting 12 league goals, which has made some of the big PSL teams notice him. The 26-year-old is only two goals behind the current PSL leading goalscorer and Orlando Pirates striker Gabadinho Mhango, with the Tembisa-based side left with six games to end the 2019-20 season, which has been suspended since March due to the Covid-19 crisis. “It’s true Shalulile has been doing well and has grown up in his football career since he came to South Africa in 2015 at the age of 21,” said the Gebhardt. “On the move to a bigger PSL team? I think that one is honestly up to him (Shalulile). He’s been doing wonders for his current club. He has been with Highlands for five years or so. All I can do or say to him is that I wish him the best and to stay positive as usual. But I think he will do great at any team he plays for in the PSL.” Added the 31-year-old former GladAfrica Championship side Jomo Cosmos player: “It’s always awesome to see a compatriot doing amazing deeds, especially being away from home. “Shalulile is surely inspiring lots of youngsters from our motherland, Namibia. I am personally his fan. I love a hard working player and he does that week in, week out. I am very happy that he’s reaping the rewards and I see him achieving great things in South Africa.” Other Namibian players who came to Mzanzi and made names for themselves in the PSL are former Kaizer Chiefs players Robert Nauseb and Mohammed Ouseb, plus the former Mamelodi Sundowns goalkeeper Ronnie Kanalelo. Gebhardt is also optimistic that relegated threatened Bakgaga will still be campaigning in the Premiership next season, and can challenge for the Nedbank Cup when the season resumes. “As for the our league run, we will put in the hard work and make sure we keep our PSL status,” said Gebhardt. “The Nedbank Cup is another opportunity for us to challenge for silverware, which is very important. What a feeling it is to win a trophy.” Baroka have reached the Ke Yona semi-finals and are set to face Bloemfontein Celtic when the season resumes after the coronavirus pandemic has been contained.