THE bravado-laced statements at the beginning of the season are yet to translate to action on the pitch for Kaizer Chiefs striker Lazalous Kambole. And it is hard to see how the Zambian will turn his season around with less than eight matches left before the curtains can fall on the doubt-filled season. Kambole headlined the Amakhosi pre-season transfers, arriving on the back of a sizzling form for Zambian top side Zesco United. Zero goals in 12 appearances is hardly a record to speak of, and Kambole is probably wondering if he put himself under unnecessary pressure with his daring statements upon his arrival in the PSL. But coach Ernst Middendorp is not giving up on him. “We all know what a good player Lazalous is, and we are working hard to have him show his full potential,” said Middendorp, who is under lockdown at home. The German mentor has also shared the inner workings of his team during the coronavirus-enforced lockdown, explaining how his team has managed to maintain their spot at the top of the Premiership where they currently sit on 48 points after 22 games. “The players are at the centre of the methods we are applying. We ask for feedback from both the experienced and the young players alike. “For example, Willard Katsande got injured at some stage and one option was to replace him with Njabulo Blom. However, he was recovering from injury and therefore not available. “We discussed it and together we looked at various options available. This is different from the ‘tell and tell’ on how it should be done. What’s important now is that we all want to become better. That is the understanding of the team and everybody is making a contribution to achieve that.” Like his peers, Middendorp has been using his tome productively during the lockdown, first assessing his season so far and planning ahead. “It’s about the ongoing assessment of individual players, their performance and profiling. I’ve had time to go through the details of every individual. “Overall, I try to stay alert, as we can be called back to the training field at any time.”