Ukhozi FM's presenter, Khathide Tshatha Ngobe has confirmed that he has the coronavirus. He confirmed the news on Wednesday morning, on his breakfast show, Isidlo Sasekuseni. "I can confirm that I have the coronavirus. I did the tests because I was going to travel. But the place where I was supposed to go requires one to take the coronavirus tests. As a result I did the test and it came back positive," explained Tshatha. ALSO READ: COVID-19 CASE CLOSES UKHOZI FM STUDIO! He said that he had no symptoms at all and he still feels healthy and strong. "Due to the coronavirus I am on quarantine, I am working from home. Otherwise I had no symptoms at all instead I was doing a standard procedure. I can also assure the listeners that I am not dying and I'm not even feeling sick. I think I was lucky that I was diagnosed early, " he said. This news started circulating yesterday and the SABC confirmed that one of their employees had tested positive for Covid-19. On Monday this week, Tshatha sent a video clip via Facebook. He then wrote: "I was here to check if I have the coronavirus. I'm supposed to travel but I'm required to take the coronavirus test... I cannot be left out I've got to be there." READ MORE: GPOSPEL POWERHOUSE A VICTIM OF CELLPHONE SCAM In a statement, SABC Spokesperson, Mmoni Seapolelo wrote: “The SABC can confirm a case of the coronavirus at KwaZulu-Natal Provincial Office. The affected employee has been working on site since the lockdown and is now under quarantine whilst being closely monitored. "As a precautionary measure and to ascertain the extent of the risk of exposure of other employees, the office will be temporarily closed. During this time the office will be decontaminated from tomorrow until Thursday. The office is scheduled to reopen on Monday, 1 June 2020 to resume with normal operations. "Employees based in that office will be working remotely. Ukhozi FM and Lotus FM will broadcast from the Outside Broadcast vans during this period. "As part of contact tracing, employees who will be identified as having been in contact with the affected employee, will be advised and will be subjected to testing as well as the compulsory 14 day quarantine period.”