Patients
at Themba Hospital in KaBokweni will no longer have to wait long hours in
queues to receive medical attention. This
comes after Mpumalanga health MEC Sasekani Manzini launched the first
electronic queue control system for Mpumalanga health facilities on Thursday. Manzini
said the new system will assist in reducing waiting times in health facilities,
improve the queuing process to be more orderly, efficient, and streamlined. "We
know that our people are always fighting and also the President has talked
about the long queues and in our budget and policy, we said we are going to
address the issue of people waiting for a long time in our health facilities,”
she said. “Today
we are here to launch the system, and it will assist us in terms of making sure
that we can monitor even from the provincial office that how long does it take
for a patient to come to our facilities from admission up until they get their
medication. We are here to make sure that we minimize the long queues,"
she said. Manzini
said patients will get tickets and the system will be able to monitor how long
do they have to wait from admission, file collection, payment, consultation and
collecting of medication. “By
so doing the department will be able to pull up a report which will be able to
guide the hospital to say, based on the services that were provided on a daily
or weekly basis where are they lacking and how they can improve in assisting
citizens more quickly.” The
department said going forward they will also introduce a digital file where a
person will not carry a file. For
years patients have been complaining about the long hours one has to endure at
Themba Hospital before getting medical help. One
of the patients, Sipho Mbhele (37) told Daily Sun that before the system was
introduced people used to jump queues and fights would erupt. "This
is a great initiative because no one will jump the queue easily just like
before. Everyone will be forced to queue properly," he said. Meanwhile
Thandi Tsabetse (58) said she will no longer have to wake up early as she used
to. "Now
I don't have to come here as early because of fearing that people will jump
queues and end up being attended late. There's no cheating in this system and
we hope it will continue like this," she said.