COPS are at the forefront of maintaining law and order, but fear for their lives! They’ve accused their boss, a senior cop whose name is known to Daily Sun, of being a bully, abusing state resources and risking their lives. Officers from the West Rand in Gauteng told the People’s Paper there was a coronavirus positive case at their cop shop, but their boss didn’t care. One said: “A member tested positive and was sent home. “Shortly after that nurses arrived to test officers and he chased them away. “He instructed the communication office to form part of the Covid-19 steering committee and placed senior officers in self-quarantine, but juniors were forced to work.” The officer said although they didn’t show any signs of the virus, they feared anyone of them could be infected and spread it. Another said they were provided with very little personal protective equipment. “Instructions are that each vehicle must have a sanitiser, but this is not the case with us. Sanitisers are only placed at the police station,” said the officer. The cops also claimed their boss was in a romantic relationship with his secretary, and they’d been abusing state vehicles. “They use state cars to go shopping, resulting in the shortages of cars when members need to respond to complaints,” said another officer. “This is clear indication of abuse of power.” In response to the allegations, national cops spokesman Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo told Daily Sun an urgent investigation confirmed that Covid-19 protocols were in place and implemented in the West Rand district. He said: “The safety of members against possible infection is a priority for senior police management.” The cop shop’s community service centre had been temporarily closed for decontamination and services and members moved to a disused museum. “Members who worked closely with the infected member were tested and are still in self-quarantine pending the outcome of the tests. “Other members are encouraged to and are voluntarily undergoing tests conducted by the health department,” said Naidoo. He said measures and hygiene protocols have been put in place to ensure members are provided with necessary personal protective equipment and service points were sanitised. He wouldn’t comment on claims the top cop is poking his secretary.