Nigeria has recorded its highest single-day infection rate
of Covid-19, the day Africa's biggest economy began a six-week phase-out period
of the emergency lockdown measures. A total of 245 new cases were confirmed on Monday by the
Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), 73 of them in the country's
commercial capital Lagos. The total number of infections in the country stood at 2 802
on Tuesday, including 93 deaths and 417 recoveries. The update came just hours after the government relaxed
restrictions in Abuja, Ogun and Lagos states, after more than four weeks of
lockdowns imposed to contain the new coronavirus. Africa's coronavirus lockdown: to ease the rules or soldier
on As Africa navigates the best way forward through the
coronavirus pandemic, some nations like South Africa and Nigeria are easing
lockdown restrictions while others like Madagascar are ramping up pressure on
residents to follow the rules. These densely populated regions will come into line with the
rest of the country in which slightly looser restrictions introduced last week
by President Muhammadu Buhari included an overnight curfew, mandatory face
masks in public and a ban on non-essential interstate travel. On Monday, the usually frenetic streets of the coastal
megacity Lagos, largely empty during the lockdown, were busy again with cars,
buses and tricycle taxis. Despite rules banning groups of more than 20 people and
stipulating that individuals remain two metres apart, large groups of people
often gathered by the road waiting for public transport. Social distancing rules were largely ignored. Distinctive yellow minivans used as buses were full, with
some passengers struggling to find space to enter vehicles. However, in a crucial difference to pre-lockdown life, most
people on the streets of Lagos wore face masks. In the capital Abuja, in central Nigeria, many businesses
were still closed. Businesses have been allowed to reopen provided they have decontaminated
their offices, can enable social distancing and offer hand sanitiser and hand
washing. The decision to begin a phased lifting of the lockdown
despite the recent sharp rise in cases was criticised by some medical experts,
including the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA). The NMA president, Francis Faduyile, said on Friday the move
was "very premature" and risked driving up the rate of infections,
which he called a "frightening scenario". Chike Ihekweazu, the head of NCDC, warned that crowded
scenes seen on Monday would result in more infections. SOURCE: NEWS24