The rules and regulations of Lockdown seem to be a problem due to situations faced by residents. The Maponya sassa office has been facing a problem of being crowded with people not adhering to the rules. Some wear masks but some don't. Social distance also seems to also be a problem. Soweto residents who need services from Maponya Sassa offices are complaining about Ques being cut while a majority of them still need help. Suzanne Molapho said she needs a birth certificate for her newly born baby. She told Daily Sun that she doesn't depend on anyone for money, therefore, she needs to apply for grant. Luthando Nkonyana said he needs to a new ID, he lost his old one before the Lockdown started. He said his new job is one the line. "I got a new job but I lost my ID. I explained how I lost it to my boss and we agreed that I'll get a new one soon," saud Luthando. "He's been asking me about it but it seems like sassa is not willing to help," he added. Nokulunga Gumede said she's been going to the offices since they reopened but it seems like a futile exercise. Sassa spokeswoman, Nandi Mosia said SASSA has conducted a level 4 operations readiness assessment and can confirm that they've met the required standards in line with the lockdown regulations. "Beneficiaries are serviced as conditions are in compliance with regulating standards. The same hygiene standards set for officials are set for our beneficiaries. In the past week, the majority of people who came to Maponya Mall wanted to apply for the new Special Covid19 Grant," said Nandi. She said due to the Dept of Healths critical focus being on the management of  Covid19, no beneficiries will be reffered for medical asessments. No grants for people with disabilities will be administered till further notice. "We urge the public to be patient and adhere to the appointment system put in place for their safety and avoiding queues that will lead to possible infections. SASSA as an entity complies to the lockdown regulations," said Nandi.