Systems for the special Covid-19 Social Relief of Distress grant announced by President Cyril Ramaphosa recently have passed the final stage of development. On Monday, the Minister of Social Development, Lindiwe Zulu will lead the launch of the application process. The applications will be headed by the South African Security Agency (SASSA) which will be distributing the R350 social relief distress grant. In a statement, SASSA spokesperson Paseka Letsatsi said they had to ensure that controls are in place so that the grant is accessed by deserving and qualifying individuals. “There was also a need to ensure that these issues are contained in a legal document in the form of a Government Gazette,” he said. Letsatsi said in the process of developing the required technology, a new Whatsapp number has been secured for applications. “Sassa has been rightfully inundated with enquiries from the public about the process of application and the public must be thanked for its patience during these difficult times,” Letsatsi added. A health department WhatsApp platform was used in the initial test and more than 15 000 applications were received. Qualifying applications received during the test phase are expected to be processed by 15 May. ALSO READ: PICS: 'MY SISTER LOST HER LIFE TO COVID-19' The agency said there were measures in place to assist those without access to smartphones. “Applicants without smartphones will also be able to access this new platform through a short message service (SMS) using the unstructured supplementary data service (USSD). Volunteers and community development workers will be deployed to assist applicants who have no access to technology,” Letsatsi said. Furthermore, Letsatsi said payment will be made directly into an approved applicant’s bank account. He said approved applicants who do not have a bank account will receive their money through a money transfer. "Manual applications will not be done at SASSA offices and there will be no need to fill in paper application forms," he added. 