THERE is no denying the importance of Willard Katsande to Kaizer Chiefs. He might not be the most stylish player but he is one of the most effective in his position. His game is not based on skill and flair but grit, toughness and passion. And this does not make him popular with too many opposition fans, but the vast majority of his own supporters at Chiefs appreciate his contribution to their team. The experienced anchorman is now part of Chiefs’ leadership group, regularly handed the armband and given the responsibility to lead the team on the field of play. He has once again been key for Chiefs this season, playing 20 games across all competitions and providing a single assist. The 34-year-old has been a vital cog in the middle of the park for coach Ernst Middendorp’s men as they closed in on the Absa Premiership title before the Covid-19 chaos. His importance has been even more evident in the matches that he has missed for Chiefs either through injury or suspension. The match against AmaZulu which Chiefs lost to a solitary Bongi Ntuli goal before the Covid-19 break, was an example of how difficult it is to fill Katsande’s shoes. Anthony Akumu struggled to provide the same protection to Chiefs’ back line while keeping things ticking going forward, something Katsande often does with relative ease. It’s just another indication of how difficult it will be to replace the combative midfielder when his days at Chiefs come to an end. And the man himself intends to leave a lasting legacy as he moves closer to the end of a glittering Chiefs career which has given him fame and fortune. “This club (Chiefs) means a lot to me,” Katsande told his supporters on his Instagram this week. “I would not be the player I am today if it wasn’t for this club. It has given me so much. It’s more than just a club to me, it is family, it’s my home. “I want to leave a legacy here. I want to be remembered as one of the players who contributed a lot to the club. A legend.” Like many of his colleagues, Katsande is itching to get back on the field and do what he loves, which is playing football. “I miss being back on the field,” he added on Instagram. “We all just have to play our role and respect the regulations that have been put in place so that we can all get back to what we love sooner.” He is eager to lead Chiefs to glory as they look to end their long trophy drought this season.