TEACHERS have adopted a wait and see approach if
the basic education department will leave up to its commitment to deliver on
its promise to make schooling safe for both teachers and learners. The teachers unions in a joint statement said according to its survey, only two
provinces were ready to resume schooling. These were Gauteng and Western Cape
who they say would be ready by June 1. The unions whose views were reflected in the statement were SADTU, PEU,
NAPTOSA, NATU and SAO. The five teachers unions said the principals who participated in the survey
said they were as yet receive safety regulations and have as yet to be
contacted by a sector union about their readiness to resume school. The survey also revealed that 79% of principals still don’t know of safety
regulations, 39% of them had no water to meet the requirements regulations to
wash hands regularly and only three percent of them had received water tanks. SADTU spokesperson Nomusa Cembi was told Daily Sun that as a result the
teachers will be monitoring how the department was delivering on protective
gears, sanitazation and face masks. “Yes these concerns were raised with the department in a consultative meeting
but we felt that the consultation was just a formality and the department was
not interested in ideas. So we will see if they deliver on the non negotiables
as times go on and if we realize that they have not delivered we will not
hesitate to tell our members not to go to work,” said Cembi. The joint statement by the five unions has raised that the survey was conducted
with principal who are on the ground and Basic Education Minister Angie
Motshekga  simply deflected this information and went ahead to tell the
nation they schools were ready to resume schooling. “These glaring inaccuracies demonstrate the lack of human-centred leadership we
require when dealing with difficult and complex decisions. The Education Unions
have called for the non-negotiables to be met before the workers can report for
duty and this is what must be the preoccupation of the department rather than
coercing the stakeholders to agree to unrealistic dates. “As Unions, it is these statements that force us to make available the results
of the independent survey of the same terrain.  Please find attached a
condensed copy of the Survey highlighting the most salient issues,” said the
statement. It added that as things stand, personal protective equipments has not arrived
at schools and the requiredcleaning had not taken place by the time teachers
must go back to classrooms, the teachers are not going to endanger their lives
by going back. The unions said they will continue making weekly surveys to make informed
decisions that schools were ready to resume. The unions said they were concerned by misleading information given shared
between the provincial departments and the national department. “Considering the information given by the Minister and the results of the
Survey, it is clear that this might once again be one of those cases, because
there are definite discrepancies between the two sets of information, hence the
Unions’ need to release the results of the survey,” they said. 