A total of 511 South African health workers have tested
positive for Covid-19, 26 have been hospitalised and a doctor and nurse have
succumbed to the virus. This is according to Health Minister Zweli Mkhize, who spoke
at the Job Shimankana Tabane Provincial Hospital in Rustenburg in the North
West on Wednesday. Mkhize and other senior government officials were visiting
the province to receive a donation of personal protective equipment (PPE) from
Sibanye Stillwater and Old Mutual in Rustenburg. The contribution is important, considering the prevalence of
the virus among frontline personnel, Mkhize said. Despite the Level 4 lockdown downgrade, President Cyril
Ramaphosa says South Africa needs to plan for the worst, as the country is yet
to experience the worst of the Covid-19 pandemic. "Our health workers are like soldiers who go to war.
They must be well trained, well armed and well protected. We want them to be
confident that they are well trained, that they understand how they don't get
infected and how they protect others," Mkhize said. "I pay tribute to all our health workers. They have
done a great job. We bow our heads and salute you. We appreciate all the work
you are doing. Both public and private health workers are one." The minister said the novel coronavirus was a battle South
Africans faced every day and that it "might be here for another two
years". "We have seen the numbers increasing. We said that many
of us will get the infection. Our role has been to slow down the rate at which
the infection gets to us. "The main message is about partnership. Everyone must
play a role in the fight against Covid-19. Our partners today are Sibanye
Stillwater and Old Mutual," Mkhize said. The minister thanked the companies for their contributions. "I am pleased that most areas have gone all out to open
field hospitals. This contribution adds to our facilities." 'Everything is about people' Mkhize acknowledged that the pressure of having to look for
food and the loss of income were factors that led people to breach lockdown
regulations. "At the end of the day, everything is about people. It
is only when our people are healthy that we will have a thriving economy.
Improving our economy starts with the good health of our people. Good
nutrition, hygiene and sanitation are at the core of our people being healthy. "In terms of our scientific focus, we were able to push
the peak. If we were to prolong the lockdown, it would not have delayed the
peak substantially. We can now spot where the problems are coming from. We have
learnt lessons from other countries and we have an advantage," Mkhize
said. Addressing the mining sector, Mkhize said: "All mineworkers
must be screened. It is more helpful to be proactive. We can save staff and the
whole mine if we screen miners. We encourage all mining companies to work with
the provincial government on this." Mkhize added that the department had received a call from
the government of Madagascar, who asked for help with scientific research into
its controversial herbal remedy it had been touting as a possible cure for
Covid-19. "We will only get involved in a scientific analysis...
[but] we are not at that point yet," he said. SOURCE: NEWS24