Kaizer Chiefs coach Ernst Middendorp says he has been using the enforced break in the season due to the Covid-19 to get better acquainted with his squad and asses what has worked, and what hasn’t during the season. Chiefs are at the top of the Absa Premiership table with four points ahead of second placed Mamelodi Sundowns, but have played a game more, and with eight games remaining in their season. “Covid-19 has provided me with enough time to assess the past eight months of the current season,” Middendorp told the club’s website. “It is about the ongoing assessment of individual players, their performances and profiling. I have had time to go through the details of every individual player.” “I’ve also had time to look at what worked so far this season and what we need to do differently going forward. I am using this information to make individual reports on each player. “I am furthermore looking at what can be done differently, both as an individual player and as a team. It’s all about spending my time at home productively. “Overall, I try to stay alert, as we can be called back to the training field at any time. It is therefore essential to stay on top and be ready.” Middendorp recognises that it has been important to stay in touch with his players to keep up morale as they are locked down at home. He added: “Over a number of weeks we have seen the importance of communication and staying connected. We have, for example, been using modern technology to work on the team spirit, doing a lot of individual as well as group work. “We are not only doing physical training, cardio and the likes. We have the necessary equipment to be able to assess and monitor everyone’s progress. The only difference so far is doing football work on the pitch. “When we eventually return to the training field, we will need a few weeks to reactivate the football practice and match fitness of the players. "We have noticed, however, that everyone is eager to get back on the pitch, although, of course, we all understand the situation needs a very sensitive and a careful approach.”