The court case against the Mpumalanga man who allegedly shot and killed his wife early this month was postponed to next week Tuesday. Mugiyo Mabunda who is a former cop appeared before the Nelspruit Magistrates Court on Friday for a formal bail application. The 42-year-old is accused of killing his 39-year-old wife, Tebogo Mabunda. During his bail application, the court heard that the the two had a quarell in the house before Tebogo's murder. Further than that, the investigation officer presented a history of domestic violence complaints that were reported by the deceased. It is said that the deceased told the cops she was scared of the accused that he will kill her because he has a gun. State prosecutor, Catherine Mnisi indicated that it was not in the best interest of the children for him to be released on bail since the children obtained protection orders against him, including the helper. "It is not in the interest of justice for him to be released on bail because the community may attack him. It will not be in the best interest of the children for him to be released since he planned the murder," she said. Mugiyo is alleged to have fired nine shots, killing his wife infront of their three minor children aged between 4 and 14 years. He later attempted to commit suicide, shooting himself three times and as a result he injured himself on the stomach and shoulder. During the court proceedings the accused did not take the witness stand, instead an affidavit was read and presented by his legal representative, Kort Jordan. Jordan said his client will plead not guilty as he believe the state does not have a strong case against him. In the affidavit it was further said he must be released on bail so that he can be able to attend the doctors for treatment of his injuries and blood transfusion. The investigation officer also read the doctors report confirming that the accused injuries were not fatal and as such did not need the attention of a doctor or a specialist for the treatment of the wounds.  He is expected to appear again on Tuesday for further bail application to allow the defence to cross examine the investigation officer.