CAPE Town City are complementing government’s efforts to curb the spread of the coronavirus in impoverished areas as the city emerges as the epicentre of the epidemic ravaging the country. The Absa Premiership campaigners believe it is the duty of all stakeholders to support the government of President Cyril Ramaphosa in what has so far, by global standards, been a commendable effort to halt the spread of the virus. “It’s of absolute importance for every sector to contribute in whichever way they can,” said Julian Bailey, the club’s media manager. “Our government has done a great job but they need all of our assistance to make this work. Hopefully, we can all pull together and do our bit, especially in Cape Town now.” Cape Town is one of the hotspots of the Covid-19, which by Tuesday had overall infected 11 300 South Africans. Deaths had increased to 206. The Western Cape, of which Cape Town is the capital, has the most infections, constituting 69 percent of the total cases for South Africa. “The numbers have increased so much here. It’s actually scary to see,” Bailey lamented. To help arrest the spread, The Citizens recently donated 1 000 masks to mostly underprivileged areas in Cape Town. The club funded the project, which was rolled out in conjunction with non-profit organisation, LulwaziLwethu, and Digital Express, which produced the masks. These were distributed in clinics around Gugulethu, Nyanga and Hout Bay. Players and coaching staff were on hand to help spread the message against Covid-19. “From the feedback we received, the masks were very well-received by these communities,” Bailey said. “We tried to show that we care and want to do our part to help keep everyone safe. There were so many people who didn’t have access to any masks, which is a requirement to enter hospitals, clinics and grocery stores.” The spokesman said the technical staff led by coach Jan Olde Riekerink had created training programmes unique to the players and their physical needs. Running has been incorporated into the scheme as South Africa went to Level 4 of the lockdown on May 1. There is also an app that the team is using to track the daily training programme and progress of each individual player. According to Bailey, fitness trainers have continuously monitored the statistics closely and adjusted the programme on a regular basis. “The response has been great from the players and the technical team is happy with how the boys have handled the situation,” he concluded. – CAJ News