Former South African Airways (SAA) chair Dudu Myeni has been declared a delinquent director in terms of the Companines Act. Myeni was appointed as non-executive director of the board of SAA in September 2009, became acting chair in December 2012 and chair in September 2016 until 2017. She was a member of the accounting authority of SAA, among other things. The North Gauteng High Court on Wednesday declared her a delinquent director for life; however, she can apply in three years from the date of the order to have the declaration of delinquency to be suspended, but she would have to demonstrate that she has "sufficiently remedied and rehabilitated her misconduct". The application was brought by the Organisation Undoing Tax Abuse (OUTA) and the SAA Pilots Association (SAAPA). The judge found Myeni's evidence posed serious difficulties in her defence, saying her versions changed and she could not answer crucial parts of the evidence against her. She did not  deem it fit to attend certain parts of the court proceedings, offering "unconvincing" excuses, the judgment added. Furthermore, her pleading poverty was found by the judge to be "distasteful as a professional woman who served and still serve as a director of several companies". On the contrary, Judge Ronel Tolmay described her as "one of the privileged few". It was also found that Myeni caused the demise of a lucrative deal SAA was negotiating with Emirates, which could have saved SAA or at least strengthened its financial position. It was estimated that the Emirates deal could bring about R1.5 billion a year for SAA and it would have enabled SAA to cancel its loss-making route to Abu Dhabi. Testimony was led on how Myeni insisted on attending operational meetings - a highly unusual practice for a non-executive chair. SAA executives testified that, at one point, she even said former President Jacob Zuma instructed her not sign on the deal. As for an Airbus swap deal, even though it was approved by Treasury, Myeni started directly dealing with Airbus and wanted to appoint a "transaction advisor" and use a certain local leasing company and financiers. In court she could not explain why her actions were not grossly negligent. "She knowingly took SAA and the country to the brink of disaster by delaying the conclusion of the Airbus swap deal... and she displayed complete disregard for public funds," the judge said. The judge added that, to serve on the board of a state-owned airline should not be "a privilege of the politically connected". "Government has, as custodian of the common good, the obligation to ensure the suitably qualified people with integrity is appointed to these positions," said the judge. "SAA received billions in government guarantees - not only the court but also government should hold board members of SOEs accounhtable when they fail to execute thier duties." During the proceedings Myeni indicated that she earned over R4.3 million in director's remuneration during her time at SAA and an additional R3.45 million as director of the Mhlathuze Water Board.  https://www.fin24.com/Companies/Industrial/just-in-former-saa-chair-dudu-myeni-declared-delinquent-director-20200527  