THE Gauteng Boxing Promoters Association and their Eastern Cape counterparts plan to establish a national structure in order to speak in one voice. They want to formalise structures and have a single, unified opinion when attending to matters of interest to them. It is believed that Eastern Cape Promoters Association chairperson Thando Zonke is the driving force behind the establishment of a mother body structure. The TZ Promotions boss said in terms of South African Boxing Act 2001, they are allowed to have such a structure and provincial associations will report to it. “It is not a case of one promoter wants it or the other is against the idea, we must have the national structure. Anyway, promoters will join the association voluntarily,” said Zonke. “Once the office is elected then we will represent all the boxing promoters. “As promoters, we have the responsibility to protect and enhance the integrity of the sport. “There are lots of boxing issues that need to be addressed, but being provincial structures we are unable tackle them because we must speak on behalf of our province only. “By establishing a national structure we will fight together not each other with one voice, talking on behalf of all the boxing promoters in the country.” The boxing administrator has made an example about the athletes’ Covid-19 relief fund, saying some of boxing people are left high and dry by the application criteria. “If we had a national structure, then we should have asked the sports ministry on how it will accommodate boxing,” he said. Budding boxing promoter Sandile Xaka of Supreme Boxing Promotions is one of those who have thrown their weight behind the idea. Xaka believes a proposed structure will help bring boxing’s glory days back. “We will be strong together on addressing issues that affect the fistic game,” said Xaka. “There are lots of boxing issues that need our attention and we can’t for wait boxers or managers to fix them. Promoters are like the engine of boxing, so it’s our responsibility to make boxing exciting,” he said. According to Boxing SA Promising Promoter of the Year nominee, they need to change some of the local boxing regulations to be in line with the world status. Xaka said not all of his colleagues have bought into the ideas, but they will establish it.