SOCIAL distancing, sanitising, wearing of face masks, washing of hands, these are the ways experts say you must fight corona. But prisoners in the Alban Correctional Services Centre in Port Elizabeth told Daily Sun that fear is gripping the prison following unconfirmed reports that six warders at the facility have already tested positive for the virus. One prisoner said they want to test, so they know who is positive and who is not. “They ask us if we feel hot or feverish or if we are coughing. Then they ask if we have headaches but then they go away. That is not proper testing. They must bring the proper equipment to test us,” he said. Another prisoner said they are no longer going to court for their appearances. “We are trapped here until the lockdown is over,” he said. “Social distancing is impossible here with up to 70 people in one cell and some sleeping in the toilets.” He said if the infections get to the jail there will be a real disaster. “Allow us to go to court so they can decide if those who qualify for bail are sent home,” he said. “When the courts find people innocent, they will be sent home without testing and they may have the virus.” Both prisoners said they are not given masks and they only get soap every two weeks. “We have no masks and we are told to wash our hands, but we don’t have soap,” said one of them. “We know some of us are here to pay for our crimes, but some people have still not been to trial. Can’t the authorities have a heart and treat us like human beings instead of throwing us in here and leave us to die?” Singabakho Nxumalo of the Department of Correctional Services said people will not stop spreading fake news as there is no centre without appropriate PPEs. “About three days ago, remand detainees were demanding that they be given cigarettes and be taken to courts”. He said Lockdown Regulations level four do not allow for the sale of cigarette. “Courts are managing their rolls; therefore, you cannot wake up and drive remandees to courts without dates being confirmed,” said Nxumalo. Detainees then started burning their uniform items, but officers extinguished fires and those behind this act will be charged criminally. “Offender uniform is part of the State asset and it is procured through taxpayers’ money. It is therefore critical that action is taken”. 