SPORTS Minister Nathi Mthethwa has urged the South African football heavyweights to work together and seek a way for football in the midst of coronavirus. Safa president Danny and PSL chairman Irvin Khoza have seldom seen eye to eye, but the Covid-19 pandemic may well force the two to join hands. Sport, like many other codes, is still banned indefinitely in the country and it’s still unclear when athletes will return to the field. “We’ve have a meeting with the two regarding football and my final message to them is that they occupy a very important space in society. And as sports minister, I will nudge them to work together,” said Mthethwa during a government media briefing yesterday. “Our country has now moved to level four of the lockdown and I would need their wise counsel as leaders of football regarding the opening or softening of the lockdown with our risk-adjusted strategy as government. “I also emphasised that it would be advisable as government to get one voice from them. We have convened another meeting with them.” The PSL is having its Board of Governors (BoG) meeting on Thursday, and Mthethwa added that he is hoping discussions there will help government come up with one voice. “When I have to elevate whatever proposals they have to the media, cabinet and so on, I should be coming there with one voice,” Mthethwa explained. “But football is one of the contact sports, and there are others who have subsequently came to us and pleaded their case, golf being one of them. We still looking into all of that. “But with regards to football, we will be depended mostly from Safa, as the mother body of football in the country, and the PSL. We are hoping they will be guiding us as government with one voice.” Safa has since announced they will be guided by Fifa on the pandemic, while the PSL is yet to make pronouncements since it suspended the leagues indefinitely. However, many are keenly awaiting to hear from the upcoming BoG meeting. Mthethwa also touched on the latest developments on the government relief funds for athletes, indicating they have received applications from boxing and athletics among others.