FORMER Golden Arrows coach Clinton Larsen says Nkanyiso Mngwengwe was the cornerstone when he was building a strong foundation in his three years at the club. Larsen said that Mngwengwe led by example when he took over the head coaching role in December 2015, in what was the club’s first season back in the Absa Premierhip. Larsen made the hard working defender Mngwengwe his captain in the 2017-18 season. The country learnt the sad news that Mngwengwe (30) died in the early hours of yesterday morning in hospital, although the cause of death is yet to be confirmed by the family. “When I was there, he’s one of the players I immediately struck up a very good relationship with, especially at the time when we had a young team,” said Larsen. “He was very respectful. We became quite close. “Last Friday, out of the blue, he sent me a message and he said ‘hey coach, how are you coping under the lockdown? I hope your family is well.’ “He was such an asset to the club. It was nice to have such a good relationship with him.” Sgora, as he was known, made his debut for Abafana Bes’Thende ahead of 2013-14 season and featured in 143 games, scoring five goals. On 17 September 2017 ahead of Arrows’ home match in the Durban derby against AmaZulu, the club honoured him with a framed jersey celebrating his 100th appearance for the club. But he suffered a bad knee injury in December 2018 against AmaZulu at King Zwelithini Stadium. He has been out ever since then and never played under coach Steve Komphela, who replaced Larsen. Komphela’s assistant coach, Mandla Ncikazi, said it was just a matter of time before he returned to action as he had recovered fully from the knee injury. “He underwent two operations. Before the lockdown, he was training fully and there were signs he was going to play,” said Ncikazi. Arrows boss Mato Madlala said in statement: “I’m saddened by the passing away of Nkanyiso. “I remember when he first arrived at Arrows as a promising footballer, full of energy. He was ready to fight for the team and acquitted himself very well over the years.”