FORMER Safa chief executive Dennis Mumble has come under severe attack from the association's national executive committee (NEC) members, as it was initially expected. A gatvol Mumble released a scathing dossier that has set tongues wagging about Safa president Danny Jordaan's operations at Safa House, and his experiences while still CEO of the federation. This is the second in as many weeks after Gay Mokoena also threw his name in the mix after his expulsion on 15 April. On Monday Safa released a statement in which it claims nine of their NEC provincial heads are rallying behind Jordaan, a second in two days after the initial release on Saturday where the association countered on contents of Mumble's dossier. Among those who are quoted in Monday's report who "reaffirmed total support" of Jordaan are chairpersons and NEC members:Jack Maluleke (Limpopo), Gladwyn White (NEC member, Northern Cape), Litheko Marago (Mpumalanga), Kwenza Ngwenya (KZN), David Moloantoa (North West), Mzimkhulu Fina (Eastern Cape), Letima Mogorosi (Free State), Gerald Don (Western Cape) and Gauteng vice-chair Pius Nqandela  WHAT THEY SAY: GLADWIN WHITE: “If the intention was to sow seeds of division, it has actually galvanised and united the Safa membership more than before... in other words, is he telling us that he misled us during all these years when he gave the association and its leadership glowing reports? He and his known handlers will fail again, watch this space.“Dr Jordaan has our unqualified support, this is one great leader who has suffered malicious and unjust attacks but football structures know his celebrated abilities. Mumble and his people thought they were unleashing a nuclear bomb but this is laughable to say the least. They will be disappointed again. “We remain steadfast and not bothered by these reports of few former employees who are bitter and disillusioned. This is an orchestrated campaign that is bound to fail. A lot of financial resources has been poured into this campaign but a united Safa will defeat it.”White said the Safa NEC will congregate in coming days and firmly deal with all these matters once and for all. KWENZA NGWENYA: “As chair of the province, I have spoken to all of my regions and they are united more than ever behind Jordaan.“Mumble is a bitter man but we know the third force bankrolling him and I can tell you this will be another failed project... the power is with the members not hired guns." GERANLD DON: "Two years after he left the organisation was nonsensical. Safa leadership was aware the former CEO was not working alone but the membership was resolute in supporting its leadership. Mumble’s jumbled report had made Safa to close ranks more than ever. He did a terrible job and his handlers must be very disappointed." JACK MALULELE: "The sequence of reports is a campaign meant to tarnish and divide Safa but that the opposite was true now as provinces were fully behind Jordaan’s shrewd leadership. These so-called dossiers are ill-conceived and will definitely backfire. We know his handlers and sponsors; they have been holding clandestine meetings and we are aware of it. This is done by frustrated and bitter individuals.” DAVID MOLOANTOA: "Mumble had been with Safa for over 20 years and why didn’t he raise the red flag if something was amiss? This raises a lot of questions about his ulterior motive. He is sponsored to besmirch the name of the association but we have seen through him and his handlers will be disappointed. North West believes in the leadership of Jordaan and to those injuring his good name, this is another futile exercise. North West’s 4 Regions are firmly behind Jordaan and his leadership. He is one of the best leaders this country has ever had.” LITHEKO MARAGO: "All of the province’s regions were fully behind Jordaan. We are asking ourselves, why now, why coming out after 2 years? This is an orchestrated campaign and we take all what Mumble said as utter rubbish. He is serving his masters and that doesn’t bother us as we are least worried.” PIUS NQANDELA: "Mumble’s allegations were wishy washy. He painted a glossy picture during his tenure and he now wants us to believe his story. We are not kids.” MZIMKHULU FINA: "Mumble’s document was self-contradictory. He is now denying what he told us during different congresses, so why should we take him seriously? We know that he is captured and also who captured him. One thing we must tell him and the public is that all of Eastern Cape’s 8 regions have one leader and that is Jordaan.” LETIMA MOGOROSI: "Things like Mumble’s so called dossier had done ‘no damage and will never divide us’. How do you work for an organisation for 20 years and then come back two years after leaving it to speak ill about it and its leadership? Safa and its leadership have one leader and that is Jordaan.” Speaking SunSport on Monday, Mumble was calm saying: “In fact, in the three years at Safa, the NEC didn’t listen to me. But Safa’s response is like thugs. And to come up with counter accusations makes sense to me because they didn’t apply their minds when I raised these issues with the NEC." - ADDITIONAL REPORTING BY ROBIN-DUKE MADLALA 