Modelling by a consortium of some of the country's
foremost experts shows between 40 000 and 45 000 South Africans could die from
Covid-19 by November, with current numbers of ICU beds expected to be
overwhelmed almost immediately. The release of the projections during an extensive
technical briefing with Health Minister Zweli Mkhize and members of several
teams producing modelling for government on Tuesday night came after intense
criticism over the apparent lack of transparency over the modelling and other
Covid-19 data. The projections, which the experts stressed were
subject to change as more data became available, show: Between June and November, 40 000 to 45 000 people
could die from Covid-19, with nearly 500 deaths by the end of May. The total number of cases between June and November is
expected to be between 1 and 1.2 million, with around 50 000 cases expected by
the end of May. Projected need for ICU beds is between 20 000 and 35
000 between June and November, and 500 by the end of May. General hospital beds required are expected to be
between 75 000 and 90 000 between June and November, with just more than 2 000
beds required by the end of May. Provinces are expected to peak at different times,
with varying levels of infection and deaths, but the national peak infection
rate is expected around mid-July to mid-August. President Cyril Ramaphosa on Monday said that the
coronavirus pandemic has highlighted the dangerous and growing inequality that
exists both between countries and within them. It is the first time government has released any
modelling or projections publicly. While revealing the startling number of
deaths and cases expected, key expectations around Covid-19 in the models are
also being used to inform health interventions. south african covid-19 modelling consortium Graphic shows short-term projection of expected number
of deaths nationally by the end of May. The shaded area shows lower and upper
confidence bands. south african covid-19 modelling consortium Graphic shows the total number of deaths between June
and November, projected on optimistic and pessimistic trajectories. The modelling was prepared by the South African
Covid-19 Modelling Consortium, which is made up of key experts from several
university-based institutions and convened by Dr Harry Moultrie, a senior
medical epidemiologist based at the National Institute for Communicable
Diseases (NICD) – Modelling and Simulation Hub Africa (Masha) from the
University of Cape Town, the South African DSI-NRF Centre of Excellence in
Epidemiological Modelling and Analysis (Sacema) from the University of
Stellenbosch, Health Economics and Epidemiology Research Office (HE2RO), which
is made up of experts from the University of the Witwatersrand and Boston University
School of Public Health, based in the US. Moultrie said the consortium would release updated
models on a regular basis as new information and data became available. Dr Sheetal Silal, of Masha, introducing the models,
emphasised there was "considerable uncertainty" over the true scale
and spatial distribution of Covid-19 as a result of the Person Under
Investigation criteria and testing coverage. She contextualised the models could not account for
sudden and major shifts in the behaviour of populations, who could respond
rapidly to limit transmissions as the realities of the virus became apparent. Professor Juliet Pulliam of Sacema said the
projections were not a "crystal ball prediction of the future". south african covid-19 modelling consortium Graphic shows short-term total number of Covid-19
cases projected nationally by the end of May 2020. The shaded area provides for
an upper and lower confidence band. south african covid-19 modelling consortium Graphic shows long-term projection of the total number
of Covid-19 cases between June and November, projected on optimistic and
pessimistic trajectories. "Will we be making the models public?
Absolutely," Moultrie said. "I think it's a requirement as part of democracy
and transparency that the public are able to engage, see, critique and
criticise the models and the information that are produced," he added. "The models, however, have already been reviewed
by a large number of groups, both the broader modelling consortium and
departments of health, and presented to various committees, including the
Ministerial Advisory Committee (MAC). So they have been through some fairly
careful scrutiny including by other modellers, but it's essential the public
and other academics get to engage and comment on the models. "It has been stated explicitly a number of times
that as new information, new data, new improvements, nuances, refinements and
model structures are made - we will release, regularly, long-term and
short-term projections," Moultrie said. Bed shortage The models reveal that even at early stages of the
outbreak, hospital bed capacities will be exceeded. Mkhize said there were plans in place to increase ICU
beds, which are required for patients who require extended time on a
ventilator. He said there were 125 390 general beds available, and
roughly 4 000 ICU beds were available in the public and private sector and a
further 6 500 were put up. According to the projections, 4 000 ICU beds would be
needed by early July. But not all of these beds were available at any given
time due to patients suffering from other illnesses. SOURCE:
NEWS24