Gauteng Community Safety MEC, Faith Mazibuko expressed disappointment at residents of Ivory Park in Ekurhuleni. She said she was shocked that shop owners and ordinary citizens were not adhering to the rules of the lockdown. Earlier today escorted by the police and the military, Mazibuko led the Okae Molao operation along with the provincial Commissioner Lieutenant General Elias Mawela.   People were found walking in groups some without any masks. The walkabout led to Kopanong Shopping Centre where a butcher using bleach as a sanitiser as well as selling expired meat was immediately shut down. Mazibuko said cases of covid-19 infections were rising in the area.   Some shops were found operating without thermometers to test temperatures of both customers and the staff. They were not keeping daily records of their staff temperatures. She said: “Ivory Park is one of the epicenter that we are picking up in Gauteng. We are here to check compliance in relation to how the shops are prepared and complying. “At this point, there’s no compliance manager inside the mall. Not even a mall manager. So no one is taking responsibility for Kopanong mall. The fire hydrant are even leaking,” said Mazibuko.   Mazibuko emphasized the importance of shops decontaminating. She said shop owners were unable to produce proof and records that they have been decontaminating their shops. “When workers start working in the morning they must also be screened and their temperature should be monitored.  Shop owners must also make sure that their staff have personal protective equipment. It is for their own safety, not for the provincial government. “People of Ivory Park need to adjust to the new normal which is keeping safe. Sanitizers on its own is not enough, shops need to be decontaminated, and customers need to be properly protected,” said Mazibuko. In Butcheries some meat were found without expiry dates attached to packages. While other dates stated 2020. She said: “How do you have meat that expires in two years’ time, it puzzles me.” Mazibuko said they will urge the Department of Health to visit the area to screen residents and environmental inspectors to visit the site for compliance.  “Any shop that doesn’t comply they must not hesitate to close it,” she added 