AS the PSL/Safa task team sets to submit its document to government on Tuesday or Wednesday, three major cities are said to have been excluded. SunSport sources say Durban, Joburg and Cape Town are three cities that have suffered a major blow due to them having a high number of deaths caused by COVID-19. Simply put, they have been deemed as dangerous to form part of the 32-team camp, having reported more cases of the feared virus. Now, Polokwane and Sun City in Rustenburg are two cities that have been chosen to be used as camps to split the 32 clubs. Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has expressed concern. Said the source: “The task team is looking at areas where there’s less infection cases. “Durban, Cape Town and Joburg are considered to be COVID-19 hotspots.” Safa’s acting CEO Teboho Motlanthe, who is part of the task team, alongside Mato Madlala (PSL Acting CEO), Dr Thulani Ngwenya (Safa Chief Medical Officer), Dr Lervasen Pillay (PSL Head of Medical), Poobalan Govindasamy (Safa NEC) and Jose Ferreira (PSL Executive Committee Member), said all the nine provinces are still considered. “We have not overruled any cities. And there’s also no province that is confirmed (as a preferred camp) at this stage.” On 12 May, Safa and its professional wing – the PSL – held a joint liaison committee meeting to map a way forward after Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa asked them to work together. The two organisations, who have been at loggerheads, formed a task team that was given 14 days to look into ways of resuming the Absa Premiership and the GladAfrica Championship, which were halted in March due to the coronavirus outbreak. The PSL are hard-pressed to finish the season due to pressure from commercial partners. Safa experts had previously indicated that Level-1 is their preferred option for league football to restart. On the other hand, the PSL suggested that matches could resume under strict guidelines during Level-3 of the lockdown. World football governing body Fifa recommended that any country looking to resume league football must consult with its government first to get a green light and the way forward. It remains to be seen what will government’s response be to the plans.