Rapper Jay-Z might have an older daughter. Last week, 28-year-old La'Teasha Macer claimed the billionaire rapper was her dad. She made the announcement on her Instagram account, on which her name is "Jayzfirstdaughter" La'Teasha said everyone in her city knew Jay-Z was her father. She wrote: "I've been quiet for far too long! @jayzfirstdaughter Join me as I tell you my story of living in the shadows of being Jay-Z's daughter in a city where everyone knew he was my father!" See her posts below. Read: IN THE GAME FOR 21 YEARS! I've been quiet for far too long! @jayzfirstdaughter Join me as I tell you my story of living in the shadows of being Jay-Z's daughter in a city where everyone knew he was my father! How growing up, I watched Multiple Sclerosis take its toll on my mom. Taking my 'fun mom' that I've always known to 24-hour bedridden. But I kept it all together raising four kids -- including a set of twins while going to school full-time, working two jobs at the prison and the hospital. #jayzfirstdaughter #istandwithlateasha A post shared by  Miss REASONABLE DOUBT (@jayzfirstdaughter) on May 8, 2020 at 5:08am PDT  Jay-Z and LaTeasha’s DNA test results. #jayzfirstdaughter #istandwithlateasha A post shared by  Miss REASONABLE DOUBT (@jayzfirstdaughter) on May 10, 2020 at 11:05pm PDT  ‘Meet The Parents’ My parents Shawn and Lisa in 1990. #jayzfirstdaughter #istandwithlateasha A post shared by  Miss REASONABLE DOUBT (@jayzfirstdaughter) on May 8, 2020 at 4:56am PDT  Someone just sent this! SO CUTE!? ? Do you think that we look alike?? ? Comment below:? @jayzfirstdaughter? ? Everyone seems to have so many questions and hate directed towards me. ? ? It makes you think what kind of personal problems people have to type behind an 'account name' things that they would never say in person or even admit that they said.? ? I get it, your favorite rapper has a secret that you just can't handle!? ? But he told you how he was in the drug game and the drug game is about women and money!? ? My whole city knew! ? ? His closest friends knew!? ? Ancestry DNA confirmed it!? ? And you just can't believe it!? ? - That's not my fault...? ? Why did I wait because I just got the DNA results!? ? ??Right now today... if you want to DM me threats or call my mom a hoe please keep that to yourself! ? ? I understand HOVA is like a father to you but he's really mine!? ? ? ? ? #jayzfirstdaughter? ? #standwithlateasha A post shared by  Miss REASONABLE DOUBT (@jayzfirstdaughter) on May 14, 2020 at 6:50pm PDT   