The search for the next Miss South Africa starts tomorrow! Miss SA Organisation CEO Stephanie Weil said the lockdown wasn’t the death sentence for the competition but could result in record numbers and an interest in the 62-year-old event. “Last year’s pageant was hugely successful, with a record number of entries and the most diverse line-up of contestants in the history of the contest. The crowning glory was winner Zozibini Tunzi going on to take the Miss Universe crown and capturing the imagination of people both home and abroad. Zozi has to be one of the best-loved and inspirational winners the pageant has ever produced. ALSO READ:UZALO'S MANGCOBO SHAVES OFF HAIR “Long before Covid-19, we were planning our re-branding and new look for a new decade. This week, we launched our new logo with the tagline, Face Your Power. Embrace Your Future. No longer is Miss SA just a once-off event. It's now a year-round business, and a brand that provides a leading voice for women’s rights and a platform to effect social change. On Monday, we will be opening entries online and it will be full steam ahead. “We streamlined our entry process last year when we went online, so nothing really has changed with the lockdown. We will be searching for talented young women throughout the country. Our goal is to bring about hope and showcase women empowerment through the Miss SA platform and we believe in any format. This will be something the whole country will get behind.” "By doing a lot of meet and greets online she will be able to reach and inspire even more young women across the country. Our main goal is to make Miss SA attainable and through online interaction, this will make it easier. This year people will be engaging with, and listening to, the young woman who eventually holds the title of Miss South Africa 2020 more than ever.” Weil also revealed Zozi was the face of the Miss SA 2020 media campaign. “Zozi filmed the commercial early February during her homecoming visit. What’s ironic is we used a mask as part of our reveal! It had nothing to do with Covid-19 – we had no idea that was coming." Entries for this year's competition open at 9am tomorrow and close  at midnight on 31 May. To enter, go to www.misssa.co.za and click on the tab ‘Miss South SA 2020’ and then ‘ENTER NOW’. The Miss SA Organisation will also be launching the Miss South Africa Foundation this year, details of which will be revealed at a later date along with the dates of the pageant and how it will be run. Go to:  https://www.misssa.co.zao Facebook: facebook.com/MsSouthAfricao Twitter: @Official_MissSAo Instagram: @official_misssao YouTube: youtube.com/TheMissSAPageant