A prototype of the new Maserati super sportscar, will pay homage to Sir
Stirling Moss, the British motor-racing ace who died on 12 April at the age of
90. The design used for this Maserati MC20 prototype is taken from the Maserati
Eldorado, the iconic single-seater driven on its debut in Monza in 1958 by
Stirling Moss himself, at the “Trofeo dei due Mondi”. It is very fitting that the Trident Brand has chosen the date of 13 May to
recall the great British driver, since there is no doubt that his victory in
the Monaco F1 Grand Prix on 13 May 1956, at the wheel of the Maserati 250F,
stands out amongst the many trophies in the champion's collection. It was an amazing win, since Moss led the race from the first to the last of
the 100 laps around the winding, demanding Monaco circuit. Maserati's day of triumph was completed by taking third place as well – also
in a 250F - by French driver Jean Behra. Moss, who recorded 16 victories in 66 starts in Formula 1 Grand Prix racing,
is one of the most successful drivers never to have won the world title. Sir Stirling came within a whisker of the crown on more than one occasion,
finishing in second place on four occasions, and third in three championships.
For this reason, he was known as the "king without a crown".  Through this MC20 prototype with Stirling Moss's "signature",
Maserati wishes to commemorate one of the greatest names in the annals of world
motorsports, who wrote some of the finest pages in its own racing history. The list of Maserati cars driven by the British driver also includes the
Tipo 60 Birdcage, Tipo 61 and 300 S. The choice of a prototype of the MC20 to dedicate to Sir Stirling is no
coincidence: through this model, the Trident Brand aims to underline its
sporting vocation, and above all return to a leading role on the racing
circuits, after the latest world championship won in 2010 with another
extraordinary car, the MC12. The arrival of the MC20 is an important event for the Modena-based company,
not only because of the racing comeback, but also because it will be the first
car to adopt a new engine 100% designed, developed and produced by Maserati
itself. Sir Stirling Moss would certainly have liked the new MC20: a car that fully
embodies Maserati's truest values in terms of the performance, driving pleasure
and innovative contents superlatively expressed in all Trident Brand models.   