To assist the Eastern Cape government in providing much-needed care for Covid-19 patients, Volkswagen has converted its Port Elizabeth plant into a temporary medical facility. The plant in Port Elizabeth, which is currently not in use, will be converted and used as an overflow medical facility and once fully operational, the facility could accommodate up to 4 000 beds. This would also include patients who require oxygenation. Premier Oscar Mabuyane, acting mayor Thsonono Buyeye, VW Chairman, and managing director Thomas Schaefer and Dr Thobile Mbengashe from provincial health signed the partnership with VW and the German government on Tuesday. Schaefer told Daily Sun that the conversion of the plant is the result of a collaboration formed between VWSA, the Nelson Mandela Bay Business Chamber, the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality, and the Eastern Cape Department of Health. He said: "The German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ) will provide funding of R107 million to support the conversion of the plant as well as the procurement of personal protective equipment (PPE) for staff at regional tertiary hospitals, regional primary care clinics and 49 Covid-19 test centres. "VWSA will contribute R28 million to the project and the plant will be made available to the government until March 2021, with the department of health and municipality responsible for the management and daily operations of the facility. "The facility will be completed in phases and handed over to the government as the need for medical care in the Metro develops. The preparation of the first phase is currently ongoing and will take approximately six to eight weeks to be completed," said Schaefer. Mabuyane said we are at war with Covid-19 and it is making a significant advance. "We are in a war against the invisible enemy Covid-19 and is making significant advances. This 4 000-bed temporary hospital will give us the much-needed space and ammunition to fight back against this deadly virus. "The worst is yet to come; we are expecting an increase in the number of positive cases because we are screening and testing people daily. This launch of this field hospital is significant, not only for Nelson Mandela Bay but for the entire Eastern Cape," said Mabuyane.   