ATHLETICS SA (ASA) president Aleck Skhosana and Netball SA (NSA) president Cecilia Molokwane have plenty of reasons to celebrate. It has been a great week for the pair, and they are smiling from ear-to-ear because they were finally given the green light to contest for the SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) presidential elections. Skhosana’s presidential nomination was disqualified because he allegedly did not attach his certificate of good standing from ASA, while Molokwane was set aside due to a copy of ID document not attached. But on Monday, Farrell Moses, Jerry Segwaba, Skhosana and Molokwane, were finally cleared at arbitration to contest the elections. The Limpopo-born retired Netball player Molokwane, who recovered from Covid-19 and lived to tell the tale, was ecstatic. Molokwane and her family yesterday celebrated her birthday and her recovery from the coronavirus. She got a perfect pre-birthday present when she received the news that she has been cleared to contest the Sascoc elections. Molokwane, who is an existing Sascoc board member, felt that she was going through hell when she first contracted the coronavirus infection and later when her arbitration case did not yield any desirable results as it had dragged on without any feedback. Last year she lost her husband in February, her mother in July and her uncle in October. But her Sascoc victory wiped tears off her face. Skhosana, who is now wearing two hats – ASA president and acting Sascoc president – is celebrating his double victory. “Coronavirus drained me mentally,” said Molokwane. “I thought that I will die and leave my three children behind. I asked myself am I going to die or not? But the timing of the Sascoc news couldn’t have come at a better time for me. Yeah, I’m now celebrating my birthday and my right to contest for a place in the Sascoc board member position and presidency freely.” Skhosana is also over the moon with his two victories of being allowed to contest the presidency, and being the Sascoc big boss. “I’m happy and ready to serve my nation,’ he said. “It’s a privilege for me to serve as a Sascoc boss. I’ve finally been cleared and now I can focus on my Sascoc duties. I am now available to serve the organisation. We want to make sure that we deliver free and fair elections to everyone.”