THREE non-profit organisations have raised concerns
about the Department of Basic Education's readiness to reopen schools. Equal Education (EE), Equal Education Law Centre
(EELC), and SECTION 27 have written to the department asking minister Angie
Motshekga to address key issues in her media address today. The organisations said in a joint statement that over
the last two weeks, inconsistent and contradictory information has been
communicated by the DBE, leading to confusion and anxiety. "Tomorrow’s briefing by Minister Angie Motshekga
presents an opportunity to clarify and provide vital details on what teachers,
caregivers, and learners should expect in preparation for the re-opening of
schools, as well as the implications of some grades of learners possibly being
at home for an extended period of time." the statement said. It has been over seven weeks since schools were first
closed. The organisations said while they understood that
learners’ usual access to education had been impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic
and subsequent lockdown, the DBE was "still required to ensure that the
limitation on the right to basic education is reasonable and justifiable in terms
of the Constitution." "We are calling on the DBE to ensure that the
plans presented by Minister Motshekga address the following key issues, failing
which the DBE’s plans would be constitutionally deficient; full details of the
impact of the phased re-opening of schools benefiting from the National School
Nutrition Programme (NSNP), both for learners returning to school and learners
who may have to remain at home. Undocumented learners do not currently benefit
from the child support grant and are in need of meals that they would
ordinarily receive at school. The suspension of the NSNP is a regressive
measure that must be fully justified." read the statement. They also said the address must include the impact of
the phased re-opening of schools on learners with disabilities, including (a)
details on the resources and support that will be provided both to learners
with disabilities returning to school and learners who may have to remain at
home, and (b) detailed plans regarding special school hostels. The NGOs said Motshekga should give clear time-bound
plans and budget information detailing the identified need and provision of the
following resources to schools, learners and educators: Protective personal
equipment (PPE); adequate water and toilet facilities at schools; Scholar
transport; Additional classroom space and teachers; Psycho-social support. "It is imperative that beyond the media briefing,
these plans and documents are made publicly available on the DBE’s website for
effective engagement. In addition, caregivers, teachers, and learners must be
informed, regularly, about these plans through the use of broadcast
media." They said this was necessary to ensure transparency,
accountability, and a level of confidence among caregivers, learners, and
teachers in the DBE’s plans.