TS GALAXY midfielder, Bathusi Aubaas, has opened up about what led their downfall this season. A lot was expected from The Rockets after surpassing expectations in their first campaign in the first division. They won the Nedbank Cup, beating Kaizer Chiefs 1-0 in their maiden appearance in the competition, and were the first National First Division team to win it. This season, Galaxy were expected to be among the top teams but that was not the case as they found themselves number 12 on the log with six games to go before the lockdown. Poor form saw the club replacing coach Dan Malesela, who led them to the land of milk and honey when they won R7 million in the knockout cup, with Mabhuti Khenyeza. Talking to SunSport, Aubaas admitted this has to be their worse campaign. “With no doubt, we disappointed our fans and people who had believed in us,” said the 25-year-old. “Winning the Nedbank Cup was a huge achievement for us considering that we were a young squad. But at the same time it came with its own challenges.” The young squad rose to stardom after their historic victory, but the wheels came off after that. Aubaas continued: “After winning the cup some players were wanted by PSL clubs. Their names were all over the media and I think that distracted the team, we then lost focus. “At some point, I even felt the pressure because people would tell me I’ve won two Nedbank Cups in a row, I need to play in the PSL. I didn’t entertain that because I know at the right time, it will happen. “I’ll play in the PSL,” he insisted. Aubaas was part of Free State Stars when they won the cup in the 2017/18 season. He later joined Galaxy on a two-year deal, which will come to an end at the end of the current campaign. The player is hoping they will salvage the situation and redeem themselves in the remaining matches, if the league continues. Currently, there’s no sports action in Mzansi due to the nationwide COVID-19 restrictions. “We did well in the Caf Confed Cup. It was a bigger stage, but we lost focus in the league. I’m hopeful and positive that when the league resumes, we’ll be able to bounce back, win the remaining matches to finish in a respectable position.” The player also admitted that training on their own has been a major challenge. He stated: “It’s been a challenging month for all of us. But life is more important than football, so we have to do the right thing.”