TV and radio personality Zizo Tshwete has shared that no one deserves to have their innocence taken from them. The former Miss SA Teen 2006 began her heartfelt note about two incidents that happened when she was 10 and a young adult. ALSO READ:  SINDI DLATHU FAKE SOCIAL MEDIA NIGHTMARE! “My body has carried that trauma for so many years. I couldn’t handle the pain as a 10-year-old little girl, I passed out. “Never thought about it again until as a deeply broken adult who desperately needed to heal. “Barely surviving that encounter, it again repeated. As a young adult it took any last hope I may have had for the goodness in people,” she wrote. READ MORE: KHUZANI MAKES STYLISH MASKS The talented media personality also revealed that after those two incidents she had to crawl out of the dark place that she was in and had to learn to love herself again. “You can only imagine the abyss I have had to crawl out of to know of self-love, let alone to have the courage to allow myself to experience it, my vulnerability is giving me back every inch of power that has ever been taken away from me,” she said. Ending her note the star applauded those who are tirelessly working hard to realise their dreams. “Cheers to everybody fighting with everything they have to have the life that they want - a life that places emphasis on the wellness of our spirit being too,” she wrote. SEE POST BELOW: BEFORE YOU PASS YOUR JUDGEMENT CAN YOU SEE THINGS FROM MY PERSPECTIVE: Nobody deserves to have their innocence taken away from them. NO MATTER WHAT. My body has carried that trauma for so many years. I couldn’t handle the pain as a ten year little girl I passed out. Never thought about it again until as a deeply broken adult who desperately needed to heal. Barely surviving that only to encounter it again repeatedly as a young adult took any last hope I may have had for the goodness in people. You can only imagine the abyss I have had to crawl out of to know of self-love let alone to have the courage to allow myself to experience it. Yet, here I am. Celebrating for myself that, in fact, my vulnerability is giving me back every inch of power that has ever been taken away from me. So instead of any judgement of how you think I should express myself about my life journey, could I submit for your consideration that you get to know me. As told by me. Maybe you would see more than a ‘respectful girl who is now showing her thighs’ and maybe the thought of a woman who has survived terrible hurt but has fought to restore her self-love in a healthy and balanced way could occur to you. ?? Cheers to everybody fighting with everything they have to have the life that they want - a life that places emphasis on the wellness of our spirit being too. ?? #ShakingAsIPost #NoMatterHowSlowly #HeartIsRacing #FightingEveryday #Growing #TrulyBlessed ?? A post shared by  ZizoTshwete (@zizotshwete) on May 3, 2020 at 4:38am PDT      The talented media personality recently shared that before people pass judgment on her, they should see things from her perspective. She begins her heartfelt note by saying that no one deserves to have their innocence from them. “My body has carried that trauma for so many years. I couldn’t handle the pain as a ten year little girl I passed out.” “Never thought about it again until as a deeply broken adult who desperately needed to heal.”