POLITICAL parties in the Eastern Cape are calling on Premier Oscar Mabuyane to immediately fire Transport MEC Weziwe Tikana-Gxothiwe. This comes after her department was accused of misusing public funds. The DA has given Mabuyane 14 working days to fire or suspend Tikana-Gxothiwe. The party’s chief whip and shadow MEC for transport, Marshall von Buchenroder, told Daily Sun if the premier fails to act fast the DA will take Tikana-Gxothiwe to court. “The MEC and her department have been implicated in several instances where public funds have been abused – from the fiasco around the use of the Mioca Lodge belonging to the MEC’s daughter as a quarantine venue of Covid-19 patients, and now allegations of improper contracts to host transport department officials at the lodge. “There are also allegations of inflated prices for hand sanitisers, improper procurement of Bailey bridges and improper conduct in the expenditure for the funeral service of the Centane bus accident victims.” On Friday, Mabuyane instructed the provincial treasury to conduct a forensic investigation on the allegations made against the transport department. Von Buchenroder said the investigation won’t be conducted properly if the MEC is still in her position. Eastern Cape UDM spokesman Mabandla Gogo welcomed the forensic investigation but called for the MEC’s suspension pending the outcome of the probe. “The premier must put the MEC on suspension or fire her so as to allow the process of investigation to flow without interruption. There might also be people who won’t be willing to come forward while the MEC is still in power. The investigation must be open to the public,” said Gogo. The premier’s spokesman, Mvusiwekhaya Sicwetsha, confirmed Mabuyane had instructed provincial treasury to investigate allegations against the department. Transport spokesman Unathi Binqose said: “It’s moving in the right direction. We pledged our co-operation. “We believe it will assist to not only clear the name of the department but also important for clean governance within the province. “We’ll open all the books to the investigation to give them everything they need,” he said.