THE TAXI industry in Gauteng is preparing for the new
normal. The new normal will consist of mandatory sanitisation
of commuters and regular disinfection of taxis and taxi ranks. Yesterday the taxi industry and Gauteng government
unveiled sanitisation booths at Baragwanath Taxi Rank in Soweto. The booths will see commuters walk through them to
sanitise their whole bodies. This is similar to the ones that were exhibited at
Randburg Taxi Rank on Thursday. Gauteng MEC of Transport, Jacob Mamabolo said:
"We are at Bara Taxi Rank because we are conducting a pilot study of how
to introduce new measures to strengthen our Covid19 prevention programme. "So that we can make sure we combat the spread of
covid-19 at taxi ranks. He said there are 881 taxi ranks in Gauteng Province
and what they are doing at Bara Taxi Rank, they want to replicate at all the
taxi ranks in the Province. "Having moved to lockdown level four, we have
seen increased movement and that is why we felt it is important that we
strengthen and improve our capacity to take effective control and create the
maximum level of order at taxi ranks." As an addition to the new technology at the ranks,
Mamabolo said they will continue with sanitisation that was happening in
lockdown level five. Mamabolo conceded that there is still a long way to go
when it comes to social distancing.  "At every taxi rank, we are going to mark on the
surface to ensure that commuters have areas they can stand to observe social
distancing. "Currently that is not happening in any taxi
rank." He said Bara, is the first taxi rank where they have
used yellow paint to mark the floor where people should stand when in queues.  Alpheus Mlalazi General Secretary of National Taxi
Alliance said, "We are here today to ready ourselves as taxi industry to
respond to the regulation of the COVID-19. Also, to look into the future
because we believe that post-covid-19 we will have the new normal." He said taxi ranks are known as chaotic and crowded
places, but with the new intervention, taxi ranks will become proper commuter
facilities and will be clean and have security. 