ANNA AND her mum lived only a few streets from each other, but they had not seen each other for almost four years. And now they never will. DEATH HAS INTERVENED AND THEY WILL BE FOREVER APART! Anna Tshabalala (51) and her mum Betty Shabangu (70) from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, were overweight and bedridden. As a result, they couldn’t visit each other. It was only through daily calls that they could be closer to each other. But on Friday death separated them for good. A heart-related illness claimed Betty’s life. Anna has only one wish: to attend her mum’s funeral service at her house. Seated on her bed while peeling potatoes, Anna told Daily Sun: “I wish to be there. I want to see her coffin and say goodbye properly.” But Anna fears she might not make it. She’ll need specialised transport to take her to her mum’s house, where the service will be held. “I’ve made inquiries with private ambulances and was told it would cost between R1 200 and R1 500 for a single trip to my mum’s house.” She said going back would cost her about the same. Understanding how costly it is for her to move around, Anna has made peace with reality: she might not make it to the funeral when her mum is buried on Saturday. Her mum became ill just before lockdown started. “She was at Pholosong Hospital, where she was admitted for three weeks,” she said. “They told us there was nothing more they could do and that her heart had given in.” Although they didn’t see each other, they always knew what was happening in each others’ lives. “It was as if we were together. There was nothing I could do without my mum knowing, and I knew every little thing she was doing,’’ said Anna. “My mum was my best friend. After we lost our husband’s, all we had was each other.” She spent about R1 000 a month on airtime. They spoke on the phone about three times a day. Despite worrying about being unable to be at the funeral, she hopes to get better and leave her home without squeezing through doors or being taken out of her house on a stretcher. “I was supposed to go for an operation at George Mukhari Hospital, but I couldn’t because of lockdown.” She said she’ll wait until lockdown ends and then go to hospital for the operation. “It might just change my life,” she said.