MARITZBURG United coach Eric Tinkler is not coping well staying indoors during the lockdown at his home in Pietermaritzburg, KZN. The former Orlando Pirates mentor wants to get back to work and take his charges through their paces on the field of play, and hopes the season will restart soon so he can finish what he started with the Team of Choice. With other European leagues set to resume from early next month, it will not come as a surprise when the Absa Premiership might be pushed to restart in June, too. Tinkler, like every other PSL and GladAfrica Championship coach, is stuck at home during the lockdown due to the coronavirus which has forced the PSL and leagues worldwide to be suspended indefinitely. But the former Bafana Bafana midfielder stressed that he wants the Premiership to be completed, and said it’s not an option to abandon the season. Tinkler said: “No, you can’t null and void it (season). There’s so much at stake. Amateur football can do that. It (the Premiership) has to be completed.” But while Tinkler is hungry to get back to work, he stressed the country cannot be reckless and resume football until the Covid-19 is contained, as people’s lives come first. He’s of the opinion that football must be played when it’s safe to do so but for now, everyone must continue to adhere to the government’s rules. “I think everybody is a bit tired, to be brutally honest. Tired of not being able to train, tired of funny games and not playing matches,” said Tinkler. “It’s an unfortunate situation we find ourselves in. But we just wait until the government gives us permission to restart. But everyone wants to get back to training. We want to get back to finish the league as soon as we possibly can.” The last time Maritzburg played a PSL game was on 6 March against Polokwane City at Harry Gwala Stadium, where they won 1-0. Tinkler has completely turned around the Team of Choice’s fortunes in the Premiership this season. The club were fifth on the table before the season was stopped last month. Recently, the Dutch league, Eredivisie, abandoned their season with no promotion and relegation after their government extended their lockdown until September.