MZANSI boxing legend Isaac “The Angel” Hlatshwayo strongly believes matching the best local boxing talents against each other will prepare them for the next level in their careers. The former two-weight division world champion said fighters need to prove their mettle locally before going the international route. Most countries in the world, including SA, have imposed travel restrictions to curb the spread of Covid-19. With no international opponents coming into the country or vice versa, the retired fighter reckons this is a perfect time for top local fighters to be paired against each other. “Tough local battles will definitely build and sharpen up the youngsters for the tough battles ahead. It will also inspire confidence and renew their strength before taking on big guns in the world,” said Hlatshwayo. The former IBF welterweight title holder has thrown his weight behind Golden Gloves’ cruiserweight competition, saying the winner of the tournament will be motivated and continue to make a name for himself. This mouth-watering showdown will see four local prospects Akani Phuzi, Chris Thompson, Keaton Gomes and Lebo Moshitoa battling it out for the cruiserweight top spot. “This is a great idea and boxing is going to be the winner,” added the 42-year-old Hlatshwayo. “We have good fighters and through such match-ups, we will produce great pugilists to represent us with distinction on the world stage. “That means we don’t have champions who are wrapped in cotton wool by their handlers. “Clearly, promoters are no longer overprotecting their boxers.” According to the retired pugilist who hung up his gloves seven years ago, the opponents he’s come across have made him to be tough. On his way to international stardom, Hlatshwayo passed through best local lads such as Phillip Ndou, Casius Baloyi, Lucky Lewele and Joseph Makaringe. The budding promoter, who hails from Malamulele in Limpopo, has won SA, IBO and IBF titles during his 13-year boxing career, and never avoided opponents.