 In actual fact, hair is continually in a growing state. It only appears as if it is not growing due to factors that retard the natural growth rate and pattern of hair. The growth of hair is in 3 phases namely The Anagen phase – the Growing phase: Here, the hair begins in the papilla and can last from 2 to 6 years. It is determined by genetics. The longer this stage, the longer the hair will grow. About 85% of the hairs on one’s head are in this stage. The Catagen phase – the Transitional phase: This stage allows the follicle to renew itself. It lasts for two weeks and the follicle shrinks due to disintegration and then the papilla detaches cutting the hair strand off from its nourishing blood supply and then the hair shaft is pushed upward giving birth to new hair. The Telogen phase – the Resting phase: This is the stage where the hair is at its resting stage remaining dormant from 1 to 4 months. At some point, the hair follicle will begin to grow again breaking free from the root. Within two weeks the new hair shaft will begin to emerge. Factors Contributing to Retardation of Hair Growth 1. DRYNESS - It is very vital to understand that with the above understanding Afro hair is very fragile though it looks and feels strong. The coily, curly or kinky shape or form makes it very hard for oils to moisturise and condition this unique hair type as the lubricants and oils from the scalp travel long winding up the spring-like shape and hardly ever reach the ends therefore resulting in dryness. 2. CHEMICALS – Since African hair is unmanageable in its original state , usually chemicals are used to soften this type of hair and in most cases these chemicals damage it from over processing which results in breakage.  3. HEREDITY – Some individuals have a shorter Anagen stage that causes the growing to be slow and have a long resting stage that causes the new hair not to emerge as fast as others, therefore delaying the whole cycle of regrowth of hair, which is why other people have longer hair than others. 4. BAD HAIR CARE HABBITS – When hair is not groomed properly it gets all kinds of build-up, the scalp gets disorders and infections resulting in limp weak hair that breaks easily. Usage of products not suitable for this specific hair type will cause the hair to be malnourished weak, limp and dull. 5. BAD EATING HABBITS & DRUGS – It is always best to eat healthy foods, drink lots of water and follow a healthy grooming regime of shampooing with mild shampoos and conditioners designed for African natural hair or African chemically treated hair. Prescription drugs and or medical procedures also have a negative effect on the growth of hair. One should seek medical advice before and after some medical procedures 