Revered pop sensation Mi Casa is reaping the fruits of their labour after sealing a lucrative international deal with powerhouse Afroforce1. Not really sure how to start this caption but right now we listening #TheseStreets thinking about that day we wrote the song ... ten years ago!!! ... 3 dudes who didn’t know each other from a bar of soap that went on to write a pretty dope story in the history books of the African music narrative in a short amount of time. SO many times we’ve thought of giving up and always looked TO YOU, the people that have been there for us for the needed encouragement to carry on pushing through on our pursuit of getting this proudly a African band onto the GLOBAL platform that we believe we were made for! So it is with HUGE PRIDE and honestly so much love that we announce a GLOBAL RECORDING DEAL that we have just signed with @umgsa and @afroforce1 !!!! More proud we could not be! To the team at Universal and Afroforce, all the people we’ve met in the last couple weeks from all over the world that are now apart of the mission to get this band to new heights ... we welcome you to MI CASA! Mi Casa means my house and now our house is so much bigger ?Thank You for believing in us and in our ability to be global players!! Lastly to our friends, family our industry peers and all our fans from all over the world ... today we reflecting on you guys so much ... we thinking so much about how true it is to NEVER give up on your dreams! To push through when it looks impossible!! To do what you love with respect and care! to HONE your craft! To keep your head high and focused on the mission! Lastly to remain humble and hungry because you never know what the future holds!! This is #TENYEARSINTHEMAKING !! Tonight we PARTY IN MI CASA!! On our Facebook live we throwing a party at 6pm ... come join us!! #PartyInMiCasa A post shared by  MI CASA (@micasamusic) on May 22, 2020 at 2:08am PDT  "For ten years we have been doing what you have been seeing us doing as independent artists. In ten years, we've managed to, I guess reach some of the highlights of anyone’s musical career, hit singles, platinum sales, sold out tours, etc. "We have managed to do this not only in this country but on this continent,” says lead vocalist J Something.  ALSO READ:BEATEN TO DEATH ON BUSHIRI'S LAND! He added that the deal was a culmination of the band touring in and around the African content. "We have now toured to over 30 African territories and had so much love all over the continent. These are moments we treasure more than anything. These are the greatest moments of our lives so far.”