THE South African Football Association has hit back at former CEO Dennis Mumble, who criticized the soccer mother body in a dossier this past week. Among other claims, Mumble accused Safa president Danny Jordaan of assuming the role of “executive president” at Safa. Mumble added that his tenure was beset by with difficulties occasioned by a president who would stop at nothing to violate almost every principle of good governance. But yesterday, Safa hit back via a statement they released. “Mumble makes contradictory statements in respect to events during and after his tenure as SAFA CEO and former CEO and accuses Safa of various violations as former CEO. But the same Mumble had praised Safa AFA in his reports (both financial and activity) placed before the NEC and the General members in the Congress while in office,” reads the Safa statement. The association further explained that the idea that Safa was collapsing was a blatant lie and that they are enjoying their most successful period. •While this remains the prerogative of the Association President, the appointment of HODs has been done through a systematic process that almost all of SAFA NEC members have been HoDs at one time or the other.4.Grit Communication: •The issue of the Association appointing PR companies is well documented and is a practice undertaken by various government departments and private companies. •The appointment of Grit Communication was not for personal benefit but to help spruce up the general image of the Association.5.SAB:•The relationship with SAB is very good and we have just signed a 4-year deal late last year and this new deal ends on 30 October 2023.6.US$10 million matter: •This matter was thoroughly dealt with by the Government who made it clear through the then Minister of Sport, Fikile Mbalula that the Diaspora Fund was a government directive. •SAFA was then asked by the Government never to entertain this matter again.7.Siyaya Matter: •The SIYAYA contract presented opportunity for the first black company to be involved in sports broadcasting and it is on this basis and the huge benefit projected that SAFA engaged and signed the contract. •The application for broadcasting license had not been approved and the infrastructure was not in place at the time. •We therefore agreed with SIYAYA that they will cede their SAFA free-to-air rights to the SABC. 8.Fun Valley: •The 2010 Legacy Trust is jointly managed by FIFA and SAFA, with the world football governing body owning 60% and SAFA 40%. •The purchase of Fun Valley (now SAFA National Technical Centre) was unanimously approved by the SAFA NEC and the Legacy Trust who went to see the establishment before it was purchased. "The second leaked letter, and SAFA is informed that a third letter is on the way, is an attempt to create an atmosphere of instability in the Association.This ironically comes at a time when there are no activities in South African football and therefore there cannot be instability.The ultimate aim of these individuals is to create the impression that there is need for an investigation in the organisation. This again comes during the period of lockdown after SAFA received glowing reports at its Congress held on the 8 December 2019 at the Sandton Convention Centre," reads the Safa letter.