THE South African Masters and Legends Football Association (Samlfa) are calling for unity between the warring factions within SA Football Association (Safa). The legends’ organisation, via their president Jacob “Bhudda” Mathathe, said the squabbles among the leadership is not taking Mzansi football anywhere. In recent weeks, Safa and their president Danny Jordaan have been under attack from their former CEOs Gay Mokoena and Dennis Mumble. Both Mokoena and Mumble compiled scathing reports that were leaked to the media. The two administrators were blistering in their letters. Among a host of accusations, they also questioned Jordaan’s leadership and said that he is not fit to run the national association. Safa has since responded to the allegations as nonsense. “For the sake of football and development in the country, we need sanity and to work together,” said Mathathe. “Hanging out dirty linen and fighting in the media is very bad for the image of the game. Everyone is struggling financially, including Safa and this negative publicity can chase away sponsors. “The CEOs have platforms such as the National Executive Committee (NEC) or the Emergency Committee to raise their concerns. Why raise these issues when they have left their positions? “Football in the country needs a stable environment where players can exploit their God-given talents. “This is not good for the image of the game because sport should not be about egos or boardroom competition – the only competition should be on the field.” Mathathe is calling on all former players to come together in sorting out the friction that has the potential to cause long term damage. He added: “The players should be the first point of contact, like buffers because they have played the game and they understand the dynamics even better. “This is for the sake and for the benefit of development in the country. There’s so much to be done and we are very far behind the rest of the world when it comes to playing the game. “We cannot afford to put focus on squabbles when we need to invest more time in uplifting our communities when it comes to soccer,” he added.