THIS IS no ordinary backyard brew! It is made with sanitiser, methylated spirits, vinegar, ethanol which is 70% alcohol, and mixed with some Liqui Fruit and dry lemon. ONE MAN IS ALREADY DEAD, AND OTHERS ARE WONDERING WHEN IT WILL BE THEIR TURN! “I haven’t felt sick yet, but I may die too soon. I’m afraid. I’m waiting for my turn,” Khumbulani Mbolekwa (32) told Daily Sun. He said they bought three containers on Tuesday and drank with their friend Mncedisi Radebe (31), who worked at an industrial firm and lived in the area. “Mncedisi went home and the next day we were told he died in his flat.” He said forensic investigators told them their friend died from something he drank. “We told them we only drank homemade beer,” said Khumbulani. Residents of Turffontein in Joburg told Daily Sun the backyard bootleg booze was brewed by a guy at his home. Residents confronted him yesterday and found drums full of the booze. Said Zwelibanzi Dlamini (29), who also drank the beer: “What this man was making wasn’t a drink. It’s poison. He wanted to kill us.” He said he was living in fear, not knowing when his time would come. “We were told Mncedisi died immediately because he hadn’t eaten anything. They told us the beer’s ingredients slowly eat away at your insides.” Residents said police came while they were confronting the man. “They took him and told us to stay behind. We don’t think they intended to arrest him,” said a resident. Mncedisi’s lover and the mum of his kids, Nelly Ndawonde (30), said Mncedisi came on Tuesday night to fetch his son. “They went to his flat where they spent the night. He vomited all night and died. “Our son thought his father was asleep. He kept playing with him like they always did.” Nelly, who wanted the man responsible to be arrested, said: “Mncedisi was a responsible dad. He never left us to starve,” said the mum of four. “I don’t know how I’ll take care of the kids. I hope police don’t do what they always do: arresting people, only to let them go.” Captain Mavela Masondo said: “The investigation is continuing. It will reveal the actual cause of death,” he said.