MOEKETSI Kobedi (41) tested for Covid-19 to protect himself and his loved ones. But the man from Thekiso Park in Phiritona near Heilbron, Free State, said he now regretted it. He was left with a swollen face, allegedly after being tested on 25 April. The Covid-19 test involves inserting of a 15cm-long swab inside the left nostril for few seconds and rotating it several times. The swab is then inserted into a container and sent to a lab for testing. Moeketsi told Daily Sun: “On 25 April I went for testing like the government has asked us to do. I wanted to know my status so that if I’m infected, I should not infect others. I was screened and then tested on the same day. I didn’t know what to expect.” He said the person who tested him asked him to sit still and face up. “He came with that long thing with a cotton wool and inserted it into my nose. He went deeper and it was a painful experience for me. After I got home I started to get swollen on the left side of my face. I realised I had been hurt.” Moeketsi said he wanted to consult the following day but couldn’t as he feared the army, which was patrolling in the area. “There were lots of soldiers in the streets. I feared that they could beat me up. I decided to stay home. But the army was here for days and I only went to the clinic on 5 May after they had left. The clinic referred me to a hospital in Kroonstad, where the doctors refused to tell me what was wrong with me after I told them what happened.” He said he was put on a drip, given painkillers and an injection. He said he was discharged later that night. “I feel the hospital didn’t want to tell me what was wrong as they were trying to protect their colleague who injured me. I feel that person wasn’t qualified but could have been picked up from the street and shown what to do to test people for corona. I want the health department to pay me for the trauma and the pain I’m still enduring,” he said. Free State health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said they were not aware of the incident. “We have to investigate what has happened to determine what remedy will be appropriate for the patient. Please assist with the patient’s contact details and we will follow it up.”