ONE of the regulations of the lockdown is social distancing. And this also applies to public transport. So taxis and buses are required not to fill up the vehicles by more than 70%. To make up for the empty seats, however, some taxi drivers have reportedly increased prices and are making commuters pay for the empty seats. This is costing commuters, making it difficult for them to travel. One of these unhappy commuters is Tumelo Monyela (25), who should have travelled from Tzaneen to Joburg today. But he won’t get to Joburg for at least a few days due to the high prices. “I can’t afford the R500 taxi fare,” said Tumelo. “I’ve been without an income since the beginning of the lockdown, and the money I was paid was not enough to sustain me for long.” As part of level 4 regulations, people were given until Friday to travel between provinces. Tumelo told Daily Sun he hoped to get money before government’s travelling grace period came to an end. Bongani Ngobeni (22), who was also meant to travel to Joburg from Tzaneen, said he was concerned about the prices. “Prices are around R300 to R500,” he said. “However, the normal price is about R280 from Tzaneen to Joburg.” He said taxis from Tzaneen to Joburg operated from 5am to 7am, and those who missed the times won’t be able to travel. According to the South African National Taxi Council, the price inflation problem was reported in Estcourt in KZN, Tzaneen in Limpopo, and Mahikeng and Zeerust in North West. Santaco condemned drivers who take advantage of commuters. Spokesman Thabiso Molelekwa confirmed that there were complaints of taxi drivers inflating prices. “In areas where we know such is happening we’re intervening to address the matter, and that came to a stop,” said Molelekwa. “We’ve continuously called on our leadership in the provinces to deal with this matter. Most importantly, we appealed to drivers. “We also know that it’s not about making enough money for the taxi owners. “It’s also about making more money for themselves. We’re saying they need to desist from doing that.” Molelekwa urged commuters to help them in this regard. “They can indicate where these areas are so that we can zoom in and deal with this matter,” he said. He said Santaco had not had any complaints after the intervention. Molelekwa said some commuters didn’t want to report price inflation directly to Santaco. He said they should use platforms such as social media to voice out their grievances about such behaviour.