WHO is telling the truth? TS Galaxy chairman Tim Sukazi says that he's looking to finalise the purchase of Bloemfontein Celtic by end of May...while Celtic have rubbished all reports of the "club being for sale" as "fake news". In a short statement released on their Twitter handle on Wednesday afternoon, Celtic are setting the record straight that the club still belong to Tshabalala. This comes after Sukazi confirmed to Ikwekwezi FM that he has been speaking to Celtic for quite a while now, from January regarding the purchase of the club. “But we have since moved further. "At the end of this month, we’ll be dealing with the financial closure and by June I’ll announce to the people of KwaNdebele that we’ll have a team in the PSL," Sukazi told the SABC radio. “But bear in mind, this is process and there are terms of conditions and time line." When SunSport investigated and contacted Tshabalala on Friday, he declined to comment saying he does not speak to the media. But on Wednesday the club's statement read: "There are currently rumours that the club has been sold and that has caused panic to our players,staff, supporters and sponsors. All news and articles about the club being for sale are fake news. "There are no offers to sell the club and the club is not sold," said Tshabalala. "We urge people not to believe anything they see nor hear from the media concerning the sale of the club. The club is in a process of securing a sponsorship deal and all that has been said, slows down our progress of securing the deal. We accept that there had been enquiries concerning the sale of the club from different stakeholders, but nothing concrete was archived." Last month SunSport ran another story where a businessman based in Pietermaritzburg, Lebo Mokoena of Mokoena Group, said he wanted to buy the club, and offered a R38 million sponsorship to the club over three years. But the sponsorship deal was put on ice due to the Covid-19 outbreak. Sukazi is not the only businessman who is eyeing Celtic, but other businessmen, which one politician in Kimberley and another in Limpopo have shown interest in owning the club. But the problem is that Celtic cannot be taken out of Free State, its traditional stronghold. Sukazi told the SABC radio: “Firstly, I am not willing to move to Bloemfontein. That will not happen, we are remaining in KwaNdebele because I cannot leave my TS Galaxy personality, that defies logic."