 DStv continues to bring subscribers the best in not only local entertainment but also international programming to make staying home during the nationwide lockdown that much more bearable. Compact viewers can now enjoy exciting local shows and the addition of E! Entertainment, the home of pop culture, means there’s even more glitz and drama to look forward to! Mzansi Magic viewers will also get to watch a full hour of the international Emmy Awards nominated telenovela, The River Season 1, at 19:00 every weekday, as hit telenovelas Gomora and Isibaya flighted their last episodes on 24 April due to the nationwide lockdown.In the month of May DStv will also have Compact Plus open window from 1 May to 29 May, meaning Compact customers will be able to enjoy Plus channels like 1Magic, Comedy Central, Africa Magic Urban Movies, Curiosity Stream, History Channel, Nickelodeon, CBeebies, MTV Music and Sky News for that period at no extra cost – all they have to do is stay connected.Compact subscribers will also be able to enjoy, the Real Housewives of Johannesburg Season 2 which will premiere on Mzansi Magic for 14 episodes until 20 May, with Madam & Mercy Season 1 taking over after that. The extremely popular Madam and her equally outrageous daughter will share their crazy rich life of designer fashion, exclusive getaways and expensive real estate. E! Entertainment will also be bringing Compact customers access to all the hit reality shows the channel has become known for, as well as the latest in celeb news. From the glamour, drama and sisterly squabbles of Keeping Up With the Kardashians and Total Bellas, to pop culture infotainment shows like E! News, Pop of the Morning and Nightly Pop for all your Tinseltown news, gossip and fashion. The month of May sees Superhero Season alive and well on M-Net City, with the final season of Arrow as the hooded vigilante bows out with a bang of the popular DC Comics fantasy series. Also continuing this month are Supergirl and The Flash, and new series Batwoman.With most South Africans confined to their homes during the lockdown, National Geographic’s top documentaries are probably the best medicine for the lockdown blues. Compact viewers can look forward to the new series X-Ray Earth starting 27 May. Using cutting-edge technology and scientific tools, the series shatters all the preconceived notions we’ve held and think we know about this place we call home – planet Earth. There’s also shocking new evidence on the origins of the mysterious Stonehenge to reveal in Stonehenge Decoded: Update – airing Friday 1 May. Viewers with a thirst for investigative documentaries can tune into BBC Brit which is showcasing the intrepid journalist Stacey Dooley’s revealing and probing work as the sheds light on four controversial topics each Tuesday night at 22:15. Whether facing down dubious bounty hunters in the US, exposing international arms dealers and revealing the plight of ISIS brides, Dooley pulls no punches. 