 IT’S A CREAM that claims to make bums grow to any size, and the ladies are going crazy over it.“When I had a flat bum, no man looked at me twice,” said a very satisfied customer. “NOW, WITH MY BIG BUMS, I CAN CHOOSE THE MAN I WANT!” Mathapelo Mohau (38) from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, told the SunTeam she heard about the cream on Facebook and ordered it. “They delivered and I started applying it to my bums and hips,” said Mathapelo. “In a space of four weeks I already noticed the difference. “I was told to spread it on until I was satisfied with the size of my bums, but that I must stop. “If I continued applying it my bums would never stop getting puffed up.” She’s stopped using the cream because she’s happy with the result. “Wherever I go now men can’t resist me,” she said. “A miracle happened. I have a new man now. He can’t take his eyes off me. “He wants us to be serious. I don’t think he’d have looked at me twice in the past.” A 40-year-old woman from Brakpan told Daily Sun her husband of 10 years cheated on her with women with big bums. “But now that I have big bums, too, he’s stopped cheating,” she said. “What he went outside for he’s now getting at home!” The women Daily Sun spoke to said the cream may have saved their relationships and has no side effects. It’s sold for R150 a container. “We order online and the product is delivered,” said Kwandokuhle Maphumulo (30). She said the delivery price is not included in the R150. The woman who sells the cream advertised it on her Facebook page. When the SunTeam spoke to her, she didn’t want to give many details. She claimed the cream has no side effects, and none of her customers complain. “The cream is made from natural herbs and works wonders. That’s all I can say,” said the woman, who didn’t want to give her name. General practitioner Dr Mahendra Adams saidsuch products could have side effects. He said women who want to enhance any part of their bodies should go to professionals, and not just anyone found on social media. “Professional doctors will examine you first to know what’s suitable for your body,” he said. “Otherwise, you may suffer skin cancer as time goes by if you use just anything.”