CRIMINALS in Cape Town’s Crossroads are requesting Uber rides to rob drivers. Mandilakhe Sosiba (35) told Daily Sun that they were struggling to get Uber to their area because of criminals. Crossroads residents praised the cops for their good work. “The police are doing all they, can but the criminals just don’t stop hijacking and robbing Uber drivers,” said Mandilakhe. She said some drivers didn’t want to work in Crossroads because of the bad things that have been happening to drivers. “As soon as you say you’re requesting from Crossroads, some just tell you they stopped picking or dropping clients in our area,” said Mandilakhe. Recently in Nyanga, kids used school Wi-Fi to request rides and robbed Uber drivers of their money, wallets, and cellphones. Another resident said Uber and Bolt drivers needed to stop working in dangerous areas. “We understand they need money, but is it worth risking their lives? Yes, we want their services but we don’t expect them to risk coming here, even though they are being robbed,” said the resident. He said even schoolchildren were committing crime. “Schoolkids are not using the time they have wisely. Instead of staying at home as per lockdown regulations, they are all over the place robbing people.” He told Daily Sun it wouldn’t be fair to expect Uber drivers to come to their area. “It would be selfish to force them to come while we know they are the targeted. We’ll have to get used to using taxis because the Uber drivers are being robbed or shot.” Captain Ntomboxolo Sitshitshi said one suspect was bust after hijacking an Uber driver in Ingqangqa Street, Crossroads. “The driver received a request to pick up a client from the mentioned address and when he arrived, three unknown men got into the back of the vehicle.” She said they then pointed guns at the driver and forced him into the back of the vehicle and drove off with him. “The victim noticed the vehicle had stopped and he jumped off and noticed a police van. He screamed for help.” While pursuing the vehicle, police saw it coming out of Gqobhasi squatter camp in Crossroads. One suspect jumped off the vehicle and ran, the other was arrested and a toy gun was seized.