THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) today announced the list of nominees for the 2019-20 PSL Awards. The awards will be held next week Thursday, 22 October 2020 at 8pm in a virtual event. Samir Nurkovic (Kaizer Chiefs), Peter Shalulile (Highlands Park), Gaston Sirino and Themba Zwane (both Mamelodi Sundowns) will battle for the coveted prize of 2019/20 PSL Footballer of the Season. This year, there are four nominees instead of the normal three after the players were tied on votes and could not be separated even after using the provisions in the rules to eliminate names. Voting for the PSL Footballer of the Season is done by Premier Division coaches only. Zwane features again amongst the nominees for the Absa Premiership Player’s Player of the Season. He is competing with teammate Hlompho Kekana, who has been nominated for the same award four consecutive times and Kaizer Chiefs’ Lebogang Manyama.This category is voted by the players in the Premier Division. Players are not allowed to vote for their own teammate. In the highly sought-after category of the Absa Premiership Coach of the Season, Maritzburg United’s Eric Tinkler is up against Kaizer Chiefs former coach Ernst Middendorp and former Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane.Mosimane has won the last two consecutive awards in this category. In the MTN8, it’s an all SuperSport United affair. Clayton Daniels, Bradley Grobler and Ronwen Williams are in line to win the MTN8 Last Man Stadium. In the Telkom Knockout, Mamelodi Sundowns duo of Gaston Sirino and Hlompho Kekana have been nominated with Maritzburg United’s Judas Moseamedi. For the Nedbank Cup two categories, Keletso Makgalwa (Mamelodi Sundowns), Evidence Makgopa (Baroka FC) and Sifiso Ngobeni have been nominated for the Nedbank Cup Most Promising Player. For the Nedbank Cup Player of the Tournament, Bidvest Wit’s Terrence Dzvukamanja, Victory Letsoalo and Mamelodi Sundown’s Motjeka Madisha will be vying for the main prize. Full List of nominees: Footballer of the Season •	Samir Nurkovic (Kaizer Chiefs) •	Peter Shalulile (Highlands Park) •	Gaston Sirino (Mamelodi Sundowns) •	Themba Zwane (Mamelodi Sundowns) Absa Premiership Player’s Player of the Season •	Hlompho Kekana (Mamelodi Sundowns) •	Lebogang Manyama (Kaizer Chiefs) •	Themba Zwane (Mamelodi Sundowns) Absa Premiership Coach of the Season •	Ernst Middendorp (Kaizer Chiefs)• Pitso Mosimane (Mamelodi Sundowns) •	Eric Tinkler (Maritzburg United) Absa Premiership Young Player of the Season •	Bongokuhle Hlongwane (Maritzburg United) •	Goodman Mosele (Baroka FC) •Sphesihle Maduna (AmaZulu) Absa Premiership Goalkeeper of the Season •	Daniel Akpeyi (Kaizer Chiefs) •	Denis Onyango (Mamelodi Sundowns) •	Ronwen Williams (SuperSport United) Absa Premiership Defender of the Season •	Daniel Cardoso (Kaizer Chiefs) •	Rushine De Reuck (Maritzburg United) •	Motjeka Madisha (Mamelodi Sundowns) Absa Premiership Midfielder of the Season •	Lebogang Manyama (Kaizer Chiefs) •	Thabo Nodada (Cape Town City) •	Themba Zwane (Mamelodi Sundowns) MTN8 MTN8 Last Man Standing •	Clayton Daniels (SuperSport United) •	Bradley Grobler (SuperSport United) •	Ronwen Williams (SuperSport United) TELKOM KNOCKOUT Telkom Knockout Player of the Tournament: •	Judas Moseamedi (Maritzburg United) •	Gaston Sirino (Mamelodi Sundowns) •	Hlompho Kekana (Mamelodi Sundowns) NEDBANK CUP Nedbank Cup Most Promising Player •	Keletso Makgalwa (Mamelodi Sundowns) •	Evidence Makgopa (Baroka FC) •	Sifiso Ngobeni (Bloemfontein Celtic) *(under 23) Nedbank Cup Player of the Tournament •	Terrence Dzvukamanja (Bidvest Wits) •	Victor Letsoalo (Bloemfontein Celtic) •	Motjeka Madisha (Mamelodi Sundowns) -PSL Media 