Senzo brother Sifiso Meyiwa has expressed his gratitude towards the SAPS and AfriForum on behalf of the Meyiwa family with the progress of the case. Speaking at a media briefing which was held by AfriForum in Tshwane, he said although they are grateful that the arrests were made, they remain anxious that the mastermind was not arrested. "In the view of the established cooperation between our legal team from AfriForum and the SAPS, we remain hopeful that more arrests will follow,” he said. Sifiso said he is still in shock with what they have discovered. AfriForum praised the South African Police Service for the breakthrough in the Senzo Meyiwa murder case. AfriForum held a media briefing yesterday (Monday) afternoon to give an update on the case after the Meyiwa family approached the prosecutorial arm to investigate the case. Advocate Gerrie Nel and Sifiso Meyiwa, Senzo’s brother, were part of the briefing. AfriForum CEO Kallie Kriel said the constructive cooperation between the SAPS and AfriForum in the case was also an example of what can be achieved when the SAPS and civil society work together in the battle against crime. “SAPS was willing to involve Gerrie Nel & our Private Prosecution Unit in their investigation during the past few months. SAPS arrested five suspects today," he said. He said the suspects in the Meyiwa case will appear in the Boksburg Magistrate’s Court tomorrow (Tuesday). Senzo’s brother, and Advocate Gerrie Nel are also expected to attend. Nel said although they are happy with the arrest, more work still needs to be done. He said Sifiso has highlighted some discrepancies in the investigation that he wished they could look into. "We will do that we won't leave any stone unturned. We want the master mind of the whole thing arrested," he said. Nel said they have gone through the evidence regarding the matter. He said he agrees that the police do have a strong case, and this was not a robbery. "This was an assassination. We're confident and we agree that this is a hit " he said. He said he has no proof or evidence that dirty cops played a role in the delay of the case. He said he will not speak to whether or not some of the accused were in the house when Senzo was gunned down. "You'll have to wait a couple of hours and see for yourself," he said.