THE ABC Motsepe League provincial winners are ready to battle it out for the two available spots in next season’s GladAfrica Championship. The draw for the Motsepe League National play-offs took place yesterday at Safa House, where the teams found out which groups they would be in. The tournament is set to run from 9-15 November at the Vaal University of Technology. The teams that will be locked in battle this year are Bizana Pondo Chiefs (Eastern Cape), Mangaung United (Free State), Pretoria Callies (Gauteng), Umvoti FC (KZN), Mikhado FC (Limpopo), FC Mpumalanga United (Mpumalanga), Polokwane City Rovers (North West), Hungry Lions (Northern Cape), and Zizwe United (Western Cape). The teams, which have been placed in three groups of three, will play two games each during the group stages with the top three teams progressing to the semi-finals where they will be joined by the best team that finishes second. The two finalists will earn a spot in the Championship, while the winner also walks away with R1 million while the runners up bag R500 000. Safa, who resolved through their NEC that all nine provincial teams currently occupying position number one should proceed to the National play-offs, insists they are not concerned about a possible court interdict by teams that feel aggrieved. “We are not concerned about any interdicts because we followed all the procedures in terms of the constitution,” said Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe. “We should reiterate that an NEC decision can’t be challenged through the courts. “Anyone who will be using the courts to deal with disputes then there will be consequences. Our rules make it clear that if you are not happy and you want to lodge a dispute, then there is a process that is in the statutes. We are not even worried about a possible interdict.” Safa has also insisted that they are determined to ensure the tournament runs smoothly without any Covid-19 cases. Although the tournament will not be played inside of a bio-bubble, Safa will be keeping a keen eye on all the teams to ensure they follow the “There will be constant screening and Dr Thulani Ngwenya, as the general compliance officer, will ensure that all health protocols are followed,” added Motlanthe. “We will also be giving the clubs the health protocols that they need to follow at all times, and Dr Ngwenya will work with the clubs’ compliance officers to ensure that no one breaks the regulations.”