FARMERS gathered in their numbers and wanted to get hold of the two alleged killers of a farm manager. Free State’s Senekal town came to a standstill and farmers slowed traffic when they drove their huge tractors in town. They had placards written “Cele must fall” as they attended the court case of the two suspects today. A police van was overturned and set alight. Another video shows the unruly protesters trying to overturn a police nyala, but they failed. Cops said this comes after two suspects were arrested on 3 October in relation to the murder of Brandon Horner. The two were arrested by Senekal detectives in Fateng Tse Ntsho near Paul Roux. Blood-stained clothes and shoes were found and will be taken in for forensic tests. The two men are alleged to be stock thieves and it is suspected that the victim could have spotted them on that fateful day. Police spokesman Brigadier Motantsi Makhele said: “Brandon was found tied with a rope to the pole by the police in an open space situated at De Rots on 2 October at about 6.30am. According to reports, police received a call from other farmers reporting the attack at De Rots Farm. Brandon was declared dead at the scene with injuries to his head and face. “A knife was found at the scene and his Toyota Hilux was later found with blood stains abandoned near Duikfontein Farm in Paul Roux. The two suspects, aged 32 and 44, were arrested and charged with murder.” Makhele said the suspects would remain in custody after their court appearance. “Unfortunately after the court adjournment an unruly group of farmers stormed the court building demanding that the suspects be handed over to them. They damaged the court property while forcing their way to the court cells. “A police van parked outside the court building was also overturned and burned. The police deployments are trying to get the situation under control while other reinforcement is on the way. “Thus far the situation is tense but under control. Two shots were fired from this group but no one was injured. More deployments will be in the area to make sure that order prevails. The case was postponed to 16 October 2020.”