CELEBRITY legal eagle Jerry Koma could be thanking his lucky stars after prosecutors let him off the hook following an alleged speeding case. Koma was nabbed and taken into custody in April this year when he was caught driving at 161km/h in a 100km/h area in Centurion. But in a dramatic turn of events, NPA spokeswoman Lumka Mohanjana told Daily Sun this month that the matter was opted for diversion as a possible resolution. “Before the matter was called back to court, the prosecutor received written representations  from the accused with supporting documents. Upon considering the documents, the prosecutor decided there was a reasonable explanation for exceeding the speed limit, thus he decided not to proceed with the matter. The allegation that the docket was mysteriously closed and withdrawn is therefore unfair and libellous,” she said. According to police, the advocate of Zion Christian Church fame was charged with reckless and negligent driving at the Wierdabrug cop shop in Centurion. The cops said on 28 April at 12.13pm, “an officer of the Department Community Safety stated that she stopped a driver known as Mr Mphufolane J Koma with (ID number withheld) driving his black  BMW 335i (registration number withheld)  on N14 Ben Schoeman Centurion travelling at 161km/h in a 100km/h speed zone, then explained reason for stopping”. The cops said he was arrested for reckless and negligent driving and exceeding the speed limit, then he was detained at Wierdabrug SAPS without injury or complaint. Police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele said the matter rests with the prosecutors and referred our enquiry to the NPA.Attempts to get comment from Koma drew a blank as all his known phone numbers are on voicemail and he did not respond to texts. The matter came before the prosecutor on 19 May. Upon perusal of the docket, the prosecutor considered diversion as a possible resolution of the matter. However, this option could not be immediately activated because of restrictions imposed by Covid-19.