HEALTH Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize has raised alarm about the
resurgence of new coronavirus cases, saying they have it double figures in the
past two weeks and that this pointing to a second wave. Mkhize hinted that this could lead to imposing of
restrictions so as to arrest the spike. He warned that the new infections and deaths will inform the
recommendations the department will make to the National Coronavirus Command
Council. “When we emphasize that the risk of a resurgence remains
high, we do not do so to instil fear in you. As government, we have a responsibility to alert you when we
see concerning trends. “It would be irresponsible of us to ignore ‘small flames’
that we see redeveloping in some parts of the country. You will recall that
a few months ago when we witnessed these trends, it wasn’t long before we
started experiencing a burden in our health system,” he said. Mkhize revealed that epidemiological reports were showing
that over the last seven days there has been an increase of 9.1% in new cases.
Similarly, over the last 14 days, there has been an increase of 10.7%. The minister said there were also concerning increases in
some of the provinces. For instance, he said, in the last seven days, there was
a marked increase in the number of new cases in the Western Cape. The Province recorded a 42% increase in new infections and
this is defined as a resurgence given the significant spike in new cases. He
further revealed the Western Cape health department has identified specific
clusters that were responsible for the increases. “We have noted that the single biggest cluster outbreak has
been identified to be in the Southern Sub-district in the Cape Metro, and this
has been associated with a super-spreader event in a BAR. “We await further reports from the WC Health response teams
who are now required to target the sub-districts with a high increase of new
cases over the last two weeks,” he said. He added that provinces were being encouraged to pay attention
to the increasing numbers and immediately respond and conduct contact tracing. Zweli, who has been in isolation since weekend after testing
positive for the virus, thanked all those who have sent messages of support and
revealed that he is recuperating and the only symptom left was coughing. His wife has been discharged from hospital and will be joint
him home in isolation. 