We all know that as we age, our skin undergoes several changes. Collagen production decreases, cell turnover slows down and the dermal structure of our skin becomes disorganised. Thankfully, Skin Affair has discovered the key ingredient to help boost these properties, instantly – Gatuline Expression. For years, most skincare ingredients focused on repairing and stimulating collagen. However, brands were ignoring the environment around the collagen, the architecture of the dermis, not addressing issues like skin roughness. The naturally derived Gatuline® Expression, from the Acmella Flower, targets cell communication to retighten and reorganise our dermal architecture.  In simpler terms, It’s unique properties have a smoothing and lifting effect, visibly reduces deep wrinkles while enhancing the density of the skin. It firms the skin immediately after application. Gatuline® Expression from Acmella Flower Extract - a natural active that brings immediate improvement to the eye contour, reducing expression lines and wrinkles. It is a kind of "natural botox" which: -          Creates supple skin-          Reduces wrinkles-          Increases firmness-          Gives instant results  With powerful benefits and instant gratification, Gatuline® Expression is the latest in-demand ingredient the skincare industry has to offer, and Skin Affair is among the few brands which include this miracle ingredient into some of their products - these are listed below: Illuminating Hydrating Serum Skin Affair launched the first of its kind, Gatuline infused illuminating serum, by blending the antioxidant power of vitamins with the healing power of organic oils and fruit extracts. This lightweight serum is a delicate balance of base oils, effectively reduces the appearance of expression lines and visibly smooths the skin surface, revealing a youthful glow. A safe botanical-based alternative which is non-comedogenic and assists in improving both the eye and lip contours for healthy, radiant skin Nourishing Cream Mask Enriched with Baobab oil to smooth & balance skin for a moisturised and even complexion. Organic Moisturising Cream Nourishes dehydrated skin for instant radiance and glow. Contains a natural pre-biotic that balances the skin's micro-organisms to keep skin healthy. Light Organic Moisturiser The non-greasy formula provides all-day moisturising, suitable for all skin types. Contains a natural pre-biotic that balances the skin's micro-organisms to keep skin healthy. Skin Affairs commitment to the planet starts with the use of organic ingredients. Ingredients sourced from organic farmers who use sound and ethical, ecological principles when farming. The entire range of products is cruelty-free and vegan.