SINGER and writer Lesedi Badisang (27) from Centurion, Tshwane who graduated from Centurion Academy in March as an accountant, has not yet met the man who, in her book, is rightful. Lesedi, who also is motivational speaker, told SunBuzz she last had a love relationship in 2018. She said whenever men see her they became abuzz as if they really loved her. She said they were attracted by her beautiful body and her message was simple: “My body is not for all men. It’s waiting for the right man who’ll take care of me and be responsible.” She said she had to leave her last relationship in 2018, because there was no peace. Her birthday celebration on Saturday was about celebrating herself as a single person. “Even as a beautiful African woman, there’s no man my life. It’s not that men don’t want me, but there’s no Mr Right. All the men who say they love me are after my talent and body.” ALSO READ: MASTER KG BOLT DRAMA! Lesedi was looking for someone responsible, mature and God-fearing. “I’m available for any race and being single is helping me in my life, because nothing is holding me back.” The multitalented singer said she was doing charity work from her own pocket, donating clothes to 86 homeless people in Centurion. “I’m doing this because it’s one of my heart’s biggest desires and I enjoy helping people. I pray God will bless me with a shelter so I can help them also use their skills and change their lives.” Last year, Lesedi completed an acting course with actress Brumilda Van Rensburg in Joburg. In 2015, she released her debut gospel album, Take It To The Lord. In March this year, she released her Afro-pop single, When I’m In Your Eyes. In 2018, she published her first book called God’s Love is Unconditional and this month, she’ll be publishing her second book, Memories, while last month she started her Ubuhle Bamabhinca Body Cream (organic) business. She said this month, she’ll be shooting her music video for When I’m In Your Eyes and collaborating with maskandi singer Jaiva Zimnike on the song Uma Ngibheka Indawo Yonke.