LUCY Sengati is seven months pregnant. And what should have been a happy time in her life is filled with confusion. This is because her mum, Vumile Sono is also pregnant by the same man, a pastor! Lucy from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, said she was angry with her mum. “I always share with her what’s happening in my life. I told her when I started dating the pastor and she pretended to be happy for me, knowing she was poking him, too,” said Lucy. She said she felt like a fool. “I always shared with her whenever the pastor and I spent time together. She could tell I was really in love with him,” she said. Lucy said she and the pastor started their relationship about 16 months ago. “We kept the relationship on the down-low and the plan was to reveal it when we were sure of where it were going,” she said. But the pregnancy wasn’t planned. “I told my mum after I found out I was two months pregnant. She was happy for me, but I could sense some tension. “A month later my mum revealed she was also two months pregnant. I told her this was a blessing and we were going to have fun. “We were going to raise our kids together. We planned to make them look like twins.” Lucy said they went for check-ups and planned other baby things together. “But she never told me who the baby daddy was,” she said. Lucy said she asked to use her mum’s phone last week to call her friend. “While we were talking my mum was called outside by a friend. I decided to call my pastor bae with her phone, who said ‘my love’ when he answered. “I dropped the call and a text from the pastor came, telling my mum how much he missed her and their unborn baby.” Lucy alleged she then checked other messages and saw they’d been chatting and seeing each other behind her back. She claimed she confronted the pastor and he confessed. “I hate them for what they did to me. They made me a fool. I started attending the church three years ago and already imagined myself as mam’fundisi,” she said. But when contacted, Vumile told Daily Sun she didn’t want to talk about it. “Yes, I’m pregnant, but I don’t like people interfering in my business. I’ll do so when I’m ready to reveal the father. I won’t be pushed by anyone to do it now,” she said. The 40-year-old pastor said he’s a man of God and wants to do things the right way. “I know I messed up and I’m willing to fix everything. I love Lucy and care for her mum. I want both of them to be happy,” he said. Asked why he dated them both, he said he was tempted as they were both beautiful. “I think we need to sit down and discuss a way forward,” said the pastor.