THE MTN8 competition has bad memories for Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila’s (TTM) new winger, Joseph “Tight” Molangoane. But the 32-year-old hopes to finally put those damaging flashbacks aside when his new club TTM feature in the quarter-final of this competition when they host defending champions SuperSport United at Thohoyandou Stadium tomorrow (3pm). Molangoane’s career almost ended in the quarter-finals of the Wafa Wafa cup in September 2018 at FNB Stadium, when he was at Kaizer Chiefs. He broke his leg following a crunching tackle from then Free State Stars midfielder, Makhehleni Makhaula. Amakhosi then confirmed that Molangoane will be out for the rest of that season as his leg was badly damaged. Miraculously, Molangoane recovered and returned to action last April. He came off the bench against Golden Arrows on 23 April, and was on the bench against Chippa United in the last game of the 2018-19 season. Since then, Molangoane has not kicked a ball as that injured flared up at training last season before the Soweto giants decided to part ways with him. “I’m a positive person and I believe on Saturday (tomorrow) I’ll be on the field and things will go well for me,” Molangoane said. “So I’m excited and I can’t wait for the game. Our preparations have also gone well and I can’t wait for Saturday.” Tshakuma FC will feature in this competition for the first time after their management bought the DStv Premiership status of Bidvest Wits, who finished fourth last term. While the club are now in the top flight, they have generated some bad publicity. The team, as it stands, do not have a head coach after Norman Mapeza dumped them recently, stating he was not impressed with the club’s facilities and administration. This chaotic situation has left SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo in the dark as to what to expect. However, Molangoane said beating SuperSport, who have been in the final of this cup in the last three seasons, will help ease things. “I don’t want to dwell on what has been said, but the guys are ready for the match,” added Molangoane.