VIRGINITY testers have warned against punani shaving. Some even suggest that shaving is a sin. BUT THEY ALL SAY GIVING THE PUNANI A CHISKOP SHAVE IS BAD! “Pubic hair exists for a reason,” said Mhlathuze Magudu (68) from the Ubuhle Bezintombi School. “God made the hair for a reason. When you decide to remove it, you’re saying God didn’t do justice.” She said girls use all sorts of creams when shaving their punanis. “Those creams aren’t supposed to be there. They can be dangerous. That’s why you’ll find some girls having infections,” said the gogo. “Women should keep their pubic hair. They may shorten it to be neat, but they mustn’t cut it completely.” Virginity tester Noxolo Ndamase said she’s been testing girls for 20 years. “I see girls shaving punanis to chiskop and encourage them to stop. It’s not right. “Shaving the punani can make it vulnerable. Stop this chiskop punanis, girls. I warn you.” Most girls who spoke to Daily Sun said they liked their punanis shaved. Mbalizethu Ngubane (24) from Mzimhlophe in Soweto said: “I keep it clean by shaving it when I see hair coming out. I do that because I love myself. I want to be clean at all times.” She said pubic hair can hold smells. “I hate it when there’s an unusual smell down there. That’s why I remove everything,” she said. Nonhle Mbatha (27), also from Mzimhlophe, said she’s a punani chiskop fan. “When it’s a chiskop it’s easy to maintain. A lot of hair needs a lot of work.” Some girls said they find that such a punani gets itchy. “When hair starts growing it itches. That’s annoying,” said Zinhle Hlatshwayo (31) from Nancefield Hostel in Soweto. “Even in public, you’ll have to scratch. I keep my punani hair. I only shorten it when it gets too much.” Most guys said they like it shaved. “It’s sexy when it’s shaved,” said Lunga Mhlongo (30). Mduduzi Sokhela (33) said he prefers a chiskop punani. He said: “A chiskop tells you a lot about a woman. It shows she’s clean. “It shows that she can take care of herself, which means she can take care of you.” Nkosikhona Mthanti said he’s a traditional man. “I like it unshaved. Such a woman won’t bother you with fancy things. She keeps everything real,” he said. Health expert Dr Lucas Khoza from Dobsonville told Daily Sun: “Pubic hair protects against harmful bacteria and viruses entering the body. “The regular act of shaving one’s pubic hair can lead to skin irritation and damage.” On social media, Tsundzu Maphophe was very specific. “Bushbuckridge is very scary. You need to see where you’re going,” said Tsundzu. Phumzile Mtshali said: “Do a mohawk in case your bae wants it shaved and your side wants it hairy. That way everybody is happy.” MaWaeza Komane said: “I don’t want it bald and don’t like it bushy.” Sanele Nkosi said: “Me, I like it hairy and natural – not this chiskop. It doesn’t look attractive.” Kenna Kabelo Phethiriki said: “You’ll never find grass growing on a busy road, baba.” Westy Mul-Men said: “Who am I to decide what someone has to do with her punani? Maybe they just like it bushy.”