FORMER truck driver Sethu Mabaso (41) will star in a United Kingdom documentary. The documentary, called London Recruits, was filmed in South Africa. Sethu, who also plays the role of a male cleaner in Durban Gen, plays the role of a political activist during the apartheid years. “The documentary is about incidents that took place during the years of apartheid. It also talks about the lives of former political activists such as Oliver Tambo, Nelson Mandela, Solomon Mahlangu to mention a few, and how they got us into democracy. “In this film I play the role of a political activist, I actually tell the story of these political legends and how they survived the apartheid government. “In one of the scenes, me and my political friends got arrested because we were hiding firearms in our room,” he said. He said the documentary should have been in cinemas by September but due to Covid-19 it was delayed. Sethu said that he never thought he would get a role in an international film. “I grew up in KwaZulu-Natal, in a small village called eNtshongweni just outside Durban. I’ve always loved acting but my poor background and lack of guidance in the industry forced me to start working. “In 2006 I started driving trucks but I’d not forgotten about my dream of becoming an actor. As I grew up I started gathering information about acting and I started attending auditions,” he said. He said that he would juggle between acting and his truck driving job. “This usually got me into trouble because my employers needed me on a full-time basis but I was not fully committed due to my acting gigs. “In 2019 I decided to leave my truck driving job and pursued acting on a full-time basis. That is when things started happening for me. “I started getting roles on drama series such as Imbewu, Uzalo to name a few. Finally I got this role on London Recruits. For me this was a dream come through because I never thought I’d star in an international film. This has proven that it’s never too late to follow your heart,” he said.