THE 13th SABC Crown Gospel Music Awards nominees have been announced. Gospel songs by Afro-pop musicians featuring well-known gospel artists are competing against each other in the Best Gospel Song of the Year category to be voted on by the public. Kelly Khumalo’s song featuring Hlengiwe Mhlaba, titled Esiphambanweni, is competing against Vusi Nova’s song featuring Dumi Mkokstad, titled Yiba Nathi. In the category they are also competing against Tshwane Gospel Choir, Bucy Radebe, Xolisa Kwinana and Cannan Nyathi. Nominees were announced on the Crown Gospel Music Awards Facebook page yesterday by the founder, Zanele Mbokazi Nkambule. ALSO READ: MUMSY BACK ON UZALO! Nkambule told Daily Sun gospel music is different from other genres because it talks about Jesus Christ and motivates people. “It’s not about good voices and good instruments but it is about Jesus Christ, who is our king. All artists that sing about our King Jesus are singing gospel music,” she said. “We have five categories to be voted on by the public while others will be adjudicated by our judges: Best Zion, Best Commercial Radio Station, Community Radio Station, Best Gospel Artist of the Year and Gospel Song of the Year. “Those who are entered in the categories must work hard to campaign for the votes. They must campaign, not complain,” she said. Other popular category nominees in the Best Gospel Artist of the Year were Tebogo Moloi, Hlengiwe Mhlaba, Dumi Mkokstad and Cannan Nyathi. It was the awards’ tradition to be held at Durban ICC, but this year they have to try a new venue. This year, the awards will be pre-recorded at The Station Venue at Durban Station in Durban, KZN on 13 November and will be broadcast on SABC 1 on 29 November. It will be attended by 250 people including their crew due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The full list of nominees can be found on their website and their social media pages. Voting lines will open on Thursday at 6pm. And the nominees for Best Male Artist for 2020 are...@ThinahZunguSA@benjamindube@Sbubanda@Dumi_MkokstadSa@TebohoMoloi#StillWePraise #CGMA2020 pic.twitter.com/6eSnoUorSo  