ACCUSED of being involved in Senzo Meyiwa’s murder, the five suspects denied any involvement flat out. Muzikawulahlelwa Sibiya, Bongani Ntanzi, Mthobisi Mncube, Mthokoziseni Maphisa and Sifisokuhle Ntuli denied the allegations in the Boksburg Magistrates Court today. They refused to stand in the dock, saying they didn’t kill the Orlando Pirates goalkeeper. They said they won’t apply for bail and didn’t need a lawyer as they didn’t do crimes they were charged with. They face murder, attempted robbery with aggravating circumstances, and possession of an illegal firearm and ammunition charges. Their case was postponed to 27 November for further investigation. Head of the Afriforum prosecuting unit, Gerrie Nel, was concerned by what happened in court. “It’s not in line with what we were briefed by the police. I’m still satisfied the brief I got from the investigating team is on track,” he said. He maintained Senzo’s death was a hit. NPA spokesman Sipho Ngwema said they still had a long way to go. “The director took the decision because there was sufficient evidence to charge the five. We’re not ruling out more arrests. We have a good case, but aren’t done.” A document was leaked yesterday suggesting a probe into the cellphone records of Kelly Khumalo and the alleged hitman. The document also stated a lender gave Kelly money to pay for a hitman, who allegedly pestered her, wanting the money back. Ngwema said the document was internal and went out by mistake. Family spokesman Siyabonga Meyiwa told Daily Sun Senzo’s mother Ntombifuthi was very emotional and couldn’t speak to the media or anyone at this point. They’d heard there would be more arrests. “This makes us happy. We’ve heard even some police might be arrested for being involved in hiding information. “But we were shocked to hear her (Kelly’s) name also came up. “We’ve been told cops are waiting for her cellphone as she was in contact with the suspects.” He said they didn’t have anything against Kelly, but she should be arrested and sentenced if she’s involved. “Kelly never came to the family to explain what happened on that day. No one from her family has come to us.” The Sun Team’s attempts to get hold of Kelly were unsuccessful.