DRIVEN by the betrayal of her dead husband, she immediately stopped mourning him. And although she was still mourning and dressed in black, she went out on a date. But she didn’t know this could have cost her the life of her new lover. The 43-year-old mum of two from Lenasia, south of Joburg, said she lost her husband in a car crash in 2017. She said after the funeral, she learnt that her husband not only had a nyatsi, but they shared a three-year-old son. “My husband was my everything and I loved him very much. I thought we were happily married,” she said. But the day after the funeral, a woman came carrying a toddler, who looked just like her husband. “The woman told me the child was my husband’s. I was shocked by how he managed to keep such a big secret for so long. I went through mixed emotions, but mostly it was the pain of being unable to ask him why,” she said. She said she was supposed to mourn her husband for at least six months before taking off her black clothes, but she met a man two months later. “I’m not a cheater, but I was angry and wanted revenge. “When I look back, I now realise it was stupid to seek revenge on a dead person,” she said. The widow said she met the man at a petrol station and he was charming. She said he didn’t mind that she was a widow. But it was only a matter of time before her lover ended in hospital. “We tried to hide our affair from our families, but his feet began to swell. It was one illness after the other and he was eventually admitted in hospital. Doctors struggled to diagnose him. I shared this with my aunt, who is a sangoma, and she said I was the cause. She helped us cleanse him and we broke up. He was able to recover,” said the widow. She advise men to stay away from widows until the mourning period was over and they were cleansed. Gobela Grace Ndlovu said: “During the mourning period, both men and women have a bad aura, which can easily transfer during intimacy and can be fatal. They need to constantly drink imbiza to get rid of it and cleanse thereafter.” She said the most common illness included severe abdominal pains, swollen feet, loss of weight, muscle pains and ringworms.