THE DA is entering a new era of politics as it is gearing to establishing branches who would be key in recruiting new members to the party across all sectors of the society. This is after an amendment proposed by interim leader John Steenhuisen got the nod from the delegates and the committee review. The proposal clause states that branches are established to manage and direct the affairs of the party, to communicate the principles and policy of the party to the public. The branch is also to recruit activists and volunteers, mobilize the public in support of the programme action of the party. The branch is to further be responsible for the process of selecting delegates for the party. Steenhuisen in motivating for the amendment said branches would play a crucial role in the party if it was going to be successful in recruiting ground forces who were going to articulate the policies and position of the party within their communities. “We need to make sure that we recognize within our constitution that we build our party from the ground up. And an activist are not just people who walk around with clipboards but they are at the heart of what we do as an organization. "And what this resolution will do is once again place activists and activism at the core of the branch activity that requires of us to get out there and win hearts and minds of many many South Africans particularly in communities where the DA’s messages has not been shared before,” he said in his motivational submission. In supporting Steenhuisen’s proposal, delegate Jane Sithole said Steenhuisen was spot because the success of the party was dependent on ground work and without these forces on the ground. "Without ground work, we are also not going to progress.So this amendment speaks to the heart of the party which our members are part of as activists,” she seconded. Another delegate, who was a contributing speaker, Dean Macpherson also gave it a thumbs up, saying if the party needs to reach every corner of the society in the country then it would need an army of volunteers who would be recruited by branches. These volunteers would be able to speak to local issues and would take the party as close as possible to their communities. “I think this is an excellent amendment and I fully support it,” said Macpherson. The amendment got an overwhelming support as it was voted for by 89.8%.