CHAOS broke out outside Nelspruit Magistrates Court today where a former Mpumalanga MEC and PEC member was appearing. The 48-year-old and his 26-year-old stepson are expected to apply for bail following their arrest on Monday at their home in Nelspruit over allegations of them raping the former MEC’s eight-year-old twin daughters multiple times. One of the girls apparently reported it to her teacher and a case was opened in July. After the suspects made a brief court appearance before Magistrate Susan Monaledi, their matter was put down to consult with new legal representatives and they were expected to appear again this afternoon. READ: SOME PASTORS ARE NOW EVIL! Different political parties and the Matsulu community clashed outside court. Residents chased away ANCWL and EFF members. Tevin Mdakane, who supported the accused, told Daily Sun the arrest was part of a smear campaign against him. “You know if you are occupying public office, there are people who are corrupt and would want to push you out of the office because they want to continue corruption. We believe this is something they have initiated against him because they know he is not about corruption and his audit has always been clean.” Chaos broke out outside Nelspruit Magistrates Court today where a former Mpumalanga MEC and PEC member was appearing. pic.twitter.com/tyoGnMaJ5a  Tevin said as people of Matsulu, they knew the former MEC personally and not through politics. “We know he’s been fighting GBV in his area and in South Africa. We are of the view there isn’t something wrong about the guy, they just want to push him down.” Thoko Zitha said they were also in support of the suspect and wanted to see him out on bail. “We believe whatever he’s being accused of is not true and he didn’t do it. We know him very well. He has helped a lot of people and has never demanded sex from them.” ALSO READ: GIANT 4-5S HAUNT MAGOSHA! The EFF’s Sindile Mkhonto said they were condemning the acts of the suspects. “We are here in support of the victims. We don’t want the suspects to be given bail.”