FROM South to North with pride! AL Ahly coach, Pitso Mosimane, started his career with the Red Eagles of the Egyptian Premier League off to a winning start. Their slender 1-0 win against Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC must have calmed Mosimane's nerves as next they have ENPPI on Wednesday. Said Mosimane after the game: "I am pleased after today's win as we succeeded to defeat a tough opponent... they depend on the counter-attacks. I watched our previous game against Al Mokawloon in the Egyptian Premier League to analyse their strategy and we succeeded to control the game and get the three points." He told the north African journalists that he was honoured to be coach of the club that have already won the championship, and now now just completing the season. "It is a great honor for me to be the first African Non-Egyptian manager for Al Ahly. I am humbled after the great confidence from the club's board, headed by the legendary captain Mahmoud El Khatib. I will do my best to fulfill and achieve all the fans' dreams," said Mosimane who was also forced to explain his reasoning behind the substitution of Shenawy who picked up a knock. "He could not continue the game... he was in pain," explained the former Mamelodi Sundowns coach. "I hope the injury will not be serious. El Shenawy is a very important player and we are suffering from several injuries, so I wish him a speedy recovery." On the team's physical condition, the Team of the Century boss added: "We will improve our strategy and fitness condition in the upcoming period, and we still have a lot to show in the future." He said in the coming weeks they will work on improving the overall conditioning. "Each game has its own conditions and tactics, so we prepare for each one individually," he said. On the return of Kahraba, Mosimane added: "Kahraba played very well and I was keen to encourage him, especially after being sidelined for a long time. Also, El Shahaat was out for a while so he needs time to get back to his form."  