PSL ROOKIES Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila look set to appoint Joel Masutha as head coach on Wednesday. Masutha is expected to be on the bench when TTM meet SuperSport United in the MTN8 Cup quarter-finals at Thohoyandou Stadium (3pm) on Saturday. He will be assisted by Lucky Nelukau who was at the helm when the Venda side competed in the GladAfrica Championship relegation/promotion play-offs. According to an insider, Masutha started training TTM players in Tshwane last Friday following the sudden departure of Norman Mapeza who was set to take over the vacant job. The Zimbabwean-born mentor packed his bags and left as he was allegedly angry that management were interfering with his job when they brought in Masutha who was due to be appointed as the club’s Technical Director. Added the insider: “Masutha arrived in Pretoria on Friday morning to take the Technical Director role and assist management with the signing of more players prior to the MTN8 match. But Mapeza was not happy with the new development and he packed his bags and left. But management also felt that they made a mistake to bring him on board since he doesn’t respect players." Masutha will gauge his players’ strength and weaknesses this afternoon when they take on Baroka FC in a friendly at their training base in Pretoria.  The team will return to Limpopo after the match. Explained the Insider:“Joel has been training the team since Friday together with Nelukau. He is now waiting for the chairman Masala Mulaudzi and his lawyers to assess the contract before they seal the deal. He will definitely be sitting on the bench on Saturday.” TTM CEO Sello Chokoe could not confirm nor deny Masutha’s pending appointment. “We are still finalising the terms and conditions (of the contract). But we have not yet made an announcement. Maybe one of them (is Masutha) I don’t know. The coach will be appointed before the match. I can’t comment (on Mapeza’s departure) because we have not yet finalised or announced (the coach).” 