IT’S Eric Tinkler versus Gavin Hunt! In football’s Fair Play – it’s Maritzburg United against Kaizer Chiefs. But interestingly, this will be the first match that Chiefs fans will get to see their hailed coach, Hunt, take to the Amakhosi bench after taking over reins from axed Ernst Middendorp. Most diehard Chiefs fans will on Sunday (3pm) be glued in front of their TV sets to see what impact and changes will Hunt implement, as they host Maritzburg United at FNB Stadium in their MTN8 quarter-final match. Hunt joined Chiefs at the end of the past season after his Bidvest Wits club were sold to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). But Hunt knows very well that he will have to dig deeper into his reserves to knock Tinkler’s side out of the money spinning competition. Hunt has not beaten Tinkler in three outings, and Sunday’s humdinger might be used as a double-edged opportunity for the former to win the hearts of Amakhosi fans and break his ugly record against the latter. In a virtual media session, Tinkler said he can’t wait for this clash, which will surely be the most watched of the Last-8 cup matches. He is looking to continue his unbeaten streak against Chiefs. In three matches last season, Maritzburg beat Chiefs twice. Maritzburg took four points off Chiefs – drew 1-1 in the first round at the Harry Gwala Stadium before defeating them 2-1 in the second at FNB Stadium. The Midlands team defeated the most supported club in the quarter-final of the Telkom Knockout last season on the club’s way to reach the final, which they ultimately lost 2-1 to Mamelodi Sundowns in December last year. “It’s a fantastic opportunity because it is four games and you can walk away with the MTN8 trophy,” said Tinkler. “Obviously, it is very important to get the result against Chiefs because it is one leg and you go to the semis, which is home and away. But you obviously stand a great opportunity if you can get the results against Chiefs. I have also shared my experience with the players on what it takes to win this cup.” Tinkler was talking from experience while still a Wits University player when he twice lost in this cup in 1989 and 1990 to Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns. The cup was known as BP Top eight at the time. However, as a coach, Tinkler has won this cup with SuperSport United in 2017 after beating Cape Town City in Durban. But there are challenges Tinkler is facing – he’ll be without Richard Ofori, who is joining Orlando Pirates. Maritzburg are not only losing a colossal player, but a club’s captain who has been a huge inspiration to the club in three seasons. Tinkler will also be without Kwanda Mngonyama, who will be starting a three match suspension. New signing Ali Meza, from Sundowns, is waiting for his work permit, which could be ready by Friday. There’s also an uncertainty with regards to Tebogo Tlolane, who completed a loan move to Maritzburg. The former Jomo Cosmos left-back is yet to train with Maritzburg, but Tinkler is confident that he’ll be fit, as he has been training with Pirates. Despite these challenges, Tinkler has faith in goalie Bongani Mpandle and the rest of his players. “I explained to the players that you’ve got to be ambitious and you’ve got to want to win things,” added Tinkler.