ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer might not have been pleased with his side’s performance in their first game of the season, but he was happy to get the desired result. The Buccaneers edged Cape Town City 1-0 in their MTN 8 quarter-final clash played at Orlando Stadium on Saturday, thanks to a debut goal by former Bidvest Wits star, Terrence Dzvukamanja. Dzvukamanja is one of four former Wits stars who have made the Bucs ship their home for the upcoming season, with the others being Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo, Deon Hotto and Thabang Monare. Their arrival, along with that of Wayde Jooste and Collins Makgaka, has added a lot of quality to the Bucs squad, something that excites Zinnbauer who now has the pleasant headache of trying to fit them all in his team. “You can always say there’s a lot of quality in the squad but for a coach, it’s not always easy to manage this,” said Zinnbauer. “There’s nothing better than having a lot of quality in the squad. We have a lot of games this season and some of the new players don’t have the conditioning that we need at the moment, but that’s normal. “We have to work on their conditioning and tactical things that we need in the game. It will take time for them to know fully what we are about. “As far as the game is concerned, it’s important that we got the result we wanted against a strong opponent. “We have played well in some games in the past but we didn’t get the result, so I was happy that we got over the line. “I was not happy with the performance, but we have quite a few new players who will learn the system better as time goes on. So I expect us to improve a lot.” Zinnbauer handed former Wits skipper Hlatshwayo the armband on his Bucs debut, a move that was unexpected especially so early in the latter’s Pirates career. “(Happy) Jele is normally the captain and when he is not playing, Tyson (Hlatshwayo) will be the captain because we are talking about a national team captain here,” Zinnabuer explained. “He has the qualities to lead this team. We have a lot of other players who can take the armband. It’s not a problem for Happy or Tyson. We have a lot of leaders.”