PROPHET Paseka “Mboro” Motsoeneng visited the CRL Rights Commission yesterday. He wanted the commission to apologise for allegedly tarnishing his image. He alleged the commission was captured by Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and ran with everything he fed it. Mboro accused the commission of condemning him for everything without proof, but kept quiet when it came to Bushiri. “Bushiri’s people created images of me in heaven and claimed I was selling them. That stunt destroyed my image. “What made it worse was the commission opening a case against me without any proof,” said Mboro. He said Bushiri’ church later fired those responsible. Speaking to CRL commissioner Richard Botha, Mboro said: “You (CRL) need to bring back the dignity of this commission by starting to do the right thing.” The leader of the Incredible Happenings Ministries said everything he has done, he did for people, buthe’s been criticised by the commission. “When a child died outside my church, the commission criticised me even when it wasn’t my fault. “When I helped izinduna to build hostels, the commission accused me of bribing them. “But when people died in Bushiri’s church, they kept quiet. When people complained of being scammed, they kept quite again. They never even once condemned him.” Mboro said Bushiri was arrested and fighting for bail and the commission was silent. He said he started the Church Mandate Turn Around Movement to stand up for Christianity. “As the president of the movement, which has over 500 pastors, we want to bring back respect and trust in Christianity,” he said. He said he was willing to work with the commission after their apology. He said there were prophets who needed to be dealt with harshly. “My life is threatened as I do this, but I’m fine with it. If I have to die for the Lord, let it be.” Botha said the commission would sit to discuss Mboro’s complaints. He told Daily Sun the commission was not captured, but it worked a certain way. “There’s a certain procedure we follow when dealing with issues. “We always look at the evidence brought to us, investigate and make recommendations,” he said.