New Orlando Pirates forward Terrence Dzvukamanja insists he has not joined the club just to “make up the numbers”, and intends on firing The Buccaneers to silverware I the coming season. The Zimbabwe international joined from BidVest Wits, along with national team captain Thulani Hlatshwayo and Namibia international winger Deon Hotto, and is determined to reach double figures on the goals from this season. “This is what drives all players to better themselves day by day,” Dzvukamanja told the club’s website. “For me its two-fold, it’s about scoring goals, hopefully double digits, and also about increasing my number of assists for the season. I think as an attacking player these are two areas that a player is judged. “I don’t want to see myself as somebody who came to Orlando Pirates just to add numbers. I have come here to work, and this is what I hope shows in my performances. I want to make a difference here and if all goes well, hopefully I can achieve another goal of mine which is to one day play in Europe.” The 26-year-old says he is ready to help out wherever he is needed along the attacking line. “I like the number 10 position but as an attacker you can’t say this is my favourite position and that’s it. “You must be able to play anywhere and everywhere the coaches want me to play but if I had to choose then it would be that old school number 10 position behind the striker.” Dzvukamanja has earned a reputation as a man of the big occasions, scoring goals against top opposition, but he says it is not a case of raising his game in certain matches. “It’s not like there is a switch that I turn on and off depending on the team I play against. No, it’s not like that. I use the same mentality for all games, but maybe the difference between the so called big and so-called small teams comes from the way the teams set up in terms of structure tactically. “When you play some teams in the league, most of the so-called small teams play man-to-man marking. There is no space there; the defender follows you everywhere on the pitch.” Pirates are set to play against Cape Town City in the quarterfinals of the MTN8 competition, which is due to start on October 17, with the new DStv Premiership season beginning a week later. -SuperSport