  President Cyril Ramaphosa has called out opposition parties
for grandstanding while debating his economic recovery plan. He acknowledged criticism that the plan was peppered with
old promises. “We have a new resolve. The plan recognises that the private
sector is by far the biggest player,” he said. But opposition parties have slammed and rejected President
Cyril Ramaphosa’s economic recovery plan. Some commentators said it was like a letter to Father
Christmas. Others described it as underwhelming, with no specific
timelines or real solutions to fix the battered economy. EFF chief whip Floyd Shivambu criticised the plan for not
once mentioning the issue of land. “People of South Africa know that a leader who doesn’t
commit all the time to the return of stolen land is a sell-out and must never
be taken seriously,” he said. “Nothing in your so-called economic recovery plan suggests
the black majority, and Africans in particular, must reclaim the land and gain
access to the economy without the assistance of and reliance on white people.” He said South Africans were not fools to believe that the 275
000 jobs a year the president promised in 2018 after the Job Summit were ever
created. He reminded Ramaphosa that the country lost 2,2 million jobs
during the pandemic. He advised him to localise the entire value chain on
essential services including health. He said Chinese imports might be commercially profitable for
retailers, but were not economically viable for the economy. He said government must maximally collect revenue from the
digital economy. DA leader John Steenhuisen said the country wasn’t
recovering from an economy destroyed by the pandemic, but rather recovering
from decades or bad governance by the ANC. Steenhuisen welcomed the extension of the R350 relief grant
for the unemployed. He said the intentions expressed in Ramaphosa’s plan would
just be taking the nation through the motions unless they are implemented. “No matter what the new promise was, the critical stats just
continued moving in the wrong direction,” he said.  