PUBLIC Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane has lost her bid to stop a parliamentary process to investigate her fitness to hold office. The Western Cape High Court today dismissed her application to interdict the process, sanctioned by the DA, which cited a string of court cases that have gone against Mkhwebane as the basis for its application. Mkhwebane argued that the DA had a vendetta against her and accused National Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise of siding with the opposition party and treating her unfairly. Mkhwebane, through her lawyer Advocate Dali Mpofu, also argued that the amended rules to be applied in the process could not apply because they were amended after the motion was adopted. But Judge Vincent Saldanha disagreed and dismissed her application. In his ruling today delivered virtually, Saldanha said he was not persuaded after studying the arguments that Modise was dishonest. He said he found that Mkhwebane had based her application on the perception that the process will undermine the office of the public protector. Saldanha said under the new rules the participation of MPs to perform their duties as espoused in their Oath of Office was paramount. He also did not find any merit in Mkhwebane’s argument that Modise should have afforded her the opportunity to make representations under the new rules before she could accept the impeachment application. Saldanha added that the process alone could not result in her being removed from office and that this would require two thirds majority of Parliament to have her removed from office. “I am more than satisfied that the applicant has failed to make out a case that she, let alone her office or the public she claims to represent, would suffer irreparable harm if the proceedings against her resume,” ruled Saldanha. He was equally satisfied that the balance of convenience favoured the National Assembly in carrying out its functions according to the new rules forthwith. “The applicant has in my view failed to meet requirements for interim relief. Even if she had done so, I would have exercised my discretion in refusing such relief given the severity of the charges preferred against her,” he ruled. The charges were based on a string of charges that went against her including one by none other than the Constitutional Court, he said.