 PROPHET Shepherd Bushiri, his wife Mary and a third suspect appeared in the Pretoria Magistrates Court on Wednesday. This after they were arrested by the Hawks on Tuesday. Bushiri and his wife were out on R100 000 bail each after their arrest in February last year. The couple was arrested again on suspicion of being involved in a money laundering transaction amounting to R102 million along with three other people. Yesterday, they made another bail application, but the state opposed bail, saying they still needed to investigate further. They argued that the addresses submitted by the three suspects were not fixed so they couldn’t confirm them. They stated that Bushiri did not produce the same address as he did last year. The state also said they had an affidavit from the Department of Home Affairs, which gave the Bushiri’s notice that their stay in South Africa was about to expire. They alleged that their house was also on sale.  On the third suspect, the state said they were told she didn’t live at the address she gave. But their legal representative, Advocate Annalien van der Heever, dismissed the state’s affidavits stating there was no proof to support the state’s claim on the addresses. The court heard that Bushiri earned over R500 000 while his wife earned over R200 000 per month. Van der Heever read Bushiri’s affidavit for bail, who denied any wrongdoing. “I deny that any crime was committed by me. My involvement in the alleged charges is not clear. The state has no case against me. I am not involved in any businesses,” read the affidavit.  The court proceedings were postponed until tomorrow (Friday) and the accused would remain in custody at the Kgosi Mampuru II Correctional Centre. The other accused Willah Mudolo and Zethu Mudolo, who were arrested on Saturday already appeared in court. Their case was postponed to 30 October for a formal bail application. Meanwhile, ECG members and Bushiri followers flocked outside the court to show their support for their leaders. Supporter, Praisewell Chauke, said the God of Bushiri was powerful and He would save them. ECG spokesman Ephraim Nyondo said: “We are unhappy with what we feel is a weaponisation of the criminal justice system. “Prophet Bushiri and Prophetess Mary Bushiri have always vehemently stood by their innocence and are resolute in their stance that they are innocent. It is our wish that the state proceed with their cases without delay so that the truth comes out.” 