ANDY Robertson admitted Liverpool’s performance in the 7-2 defeat at Aston Villa on Sunday fell way below the standards expected at the club. The Premier League champions were comprehensively beaten by Dean Smith’s side at Villa Park and suffered their first loss of the 2020-21 top-flight campaign. Robertson delivered an honest assessment of the contest and stressed how he and his teammates are now determined to ensure the display isn’t repeated in the future. He said at times they couldn’t believe it. “To be honest, we weren’t good enough,” he declared. “We never won our second balls, we never won our challenges, we never scored from the chances we did create in the first half, because we did have a few. Then we end up with a result like this. ‘They took pretty much every chance they’ve had and all credit goes to Aston Villa, unfortunately. “They were better than us. Every competition on the pitch they won and when that happens, you’re never going to win a game of football. That result as a Liverpool player is embarrassing.” He agreed that it becomes difficult at the manner in which they started the game, but said they needed to be better at it. “We made far too many mistakes that ended up in goals,” said the Liverpool star. “So when that happens you are never going to win a game. I think the manager has always said since the day he’s come in, if we are even one per cent short then we won’t win games. “We were well short, well below par and when you do that you are never going to win a game of football, unfortunately.” What is more frustrating for the Reds, is that it’s two weeks before they play another game. “Usually we have three days to go and put it right and all the lads are then ready,” Robertson said. “But unfortunately we are all going all around the world (on internationals), but that’s part and parcel of it. There’s been so many times we’ve won big games before international breaks... “We need to deal with probably our heaviest defeat in a long time. We need to go away for two weeks now, away from all the lads and then we’ve got a Merseyside derby,” added Robertson. “Look, the lads will be ready for that. “It’s up to us to be as fit and fresh as possible with all the international games, but we’ll stick together and make sure this performance hopefully never happens again.”