CONTROVERSIAL Sedibeng municipal manager, Stanley Khanyile (52), was shot dead in his car in Alberton on Saturday. Sources close to Khanyile told Daily Sun it was a hit. One source said Khanyile sat in his car for over an hour before he was shot and killed. “He was sitting in his Merc, with the window open. Two men approached and shot him 14 times, but he was hit six times,” a source said. Another source said Khanyile had an unpleasant visit in the past weeks from people who called themselves businessmen who were unhappy about tender allocations. “They went to his home and there was a scuffle. He drew his firearm and they left,” said the source. “At the time of his death, he was on suspension over allegations of corruption relating to irregular tender appointments including PPEs.” In August, Khanyile appeared in the King William’s Town Magistrates Court on charges of fraud, theft and money laundering. He allegedly siphoned R29 million from a R42 million budget earmarked for the construction of a resources development centre, and a sum of about R14 million was then paid to some company shortly thereafter. The source said although Gauteng Human Settlements, Urban Planning and Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs MEC Lebohang Maile placed Khanyile was on suspension but continued to go to work, another source told Daily Sun., He and his co-accused were expected to appear in court on 16 October. “Some employees complained that they didn’t like what was going on, but he carried on,” the source said. Gauteng police spokeswoman, Brigadier Mathapelo Peters, said the deceased was sitting in a parked car at a shopping centre in Meyersdal, Alberton, when the incident occurred. “The suspect is reported to have moved away from the scene and jumped into a nearby gold Toyota Cressida with unknown registration numbers,” she said. Motive for the shooting was unknown. “Anyone who may have information that could lead to the arrest of the suspect or suspects is urged to contact their nearest police station or call 08600 10111.” Attempts to get comment from his family drew a blank.. Condolences have been pouring for the slain Municipal Manager. Sedibeng District Executive Mayor Councillor said she learn with shock and sadness about the sudden passing of the municipal manager. He said Stanley served as Sedebeng Municipal manger from 1 June 2017 until his sudden murder. She said: “The brutal and inhuman murder of Khanyile has left a devastating pain and sudden loss to the family of Sedibeng Municipality and its stakeholders.” She encouraged anyone who witnessed the incident or have any information that could lead to the apprehension of the suspects to contact their nearest police station or to call the crime stop number. “We extend our deepest condolences to the family, friends and his colleagues,” said Modisakeng. Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma said she learned with sadness of the tragic passing of Stanley. She said their thoughts and prayers as the local government sector are with the family at this trying time.