BARCELONA squatter camp residents from Gugulethu in Cape Town are living in fear after two allegedly abducted Chinese women were found in a shack in the area. Mandisa Cukutwana (45) told Daily Sun that the two Chinese women were allegedly abducted from Delf. “We were shocked when SAPS members found one of the victims dead inside of the shack,” said Mandisa. She said the shack is being used by people from Khayelitsha. “That shack belonged to someone we know but we don’t know what happened. It looks like they sold the shack to the people who were arrested,” said Mandisa. Another resident said the people who are staying there were always drinking. “We never suspected anything because they were always having a good time, drinking expensive alcohol. It is clear that they were hiding what they were doing,” said the resident. According to her the kids heard someone asking for help but they didn’t pay attention to it until SAPS came to raid the shack, she said. Monwabisi Nkuhlu (40) said they are concerned about their kids. “If they were able to abduct these Chinese women that shows they can do anything. I heard that the suspect wanted a ransom of more than R4 million but I am not sure about that,” said Monwabisi. He said when the body of the woman was found in the shack, as a community they took a decision of normalising checking shacks that are not owned by people from their area. “What happened to these Chinese women can happen to anyone. We need to stand up as a community to check all the shacks that are being used by people we don’t know because they are the ones who do evil things,” said Monwabisi. Colonel Andre Traut, a provincial commander in media communication, said the circumstances surrounding the death of a 51-year-old Chinese woman are being investigated after her body was discovered on Friday at around 6.30am by a resident in Gugulethu. “It is believed that the victim attempted to escape from the Gugulethu residence after she and another Chinese woman aged 34 were kidnapped by suspects in Delf,” said Traut. According to him the exact cause of her death and the motive for the kidnapping are yet to be determined. “Police arrested three suspects aged 26, 32 and 34 who are detained until their court appearance,” said Traut.