THE Democratic Alliance’s Randall Williams has been elected as the new mayor of the City of Tshwane. Williams was up against the EFF’s Oliver Mabogoana. The ANC abstained from the voting process. The City had been without a mayor for eight months after former mayor Stevens Mokgalapa resigned after being embroiled in a sex scandal with former MMC for Transport in the City, Sheila Senkubuge. The metro was then placed under administration by the Gauteng provincial government. This move was paved by the Supreme Court of Appeal (SCA) ruling on Tuesday. The SCA dismissed the Gauteng executive council and Co-operative Governance MEC’s bid to have a high court judgment that set aside its decision to place the Tshwane Municipality under administration. Tshwane had been unable to hold council meetings to appoint a mayor following the resignation of Mokgalapa, pass an adjusted budget or adopt other resolutions when its meetings either failed to quorate or had to be abandoned following walkouts by both the ANC and the EFF. After being elected, Williams said one of the critical issues to look at as soon as DA councillors can get the ball rolling again, is the issue of revenue collection so that the metro is able to stay afloat. He thanked all the councillors who took part in the voting process. “I thank you for trusting me to lead. I will work hard to ensure the City delivers on its mandate,” he said. Williams said the residents’ faith in the City must be restored. “I will be appointing a diverse team to be in the Mayoral Committee so that we can address the challenges the City faces. “The challenge ahead is huge, but as the City we have delivered trusted service to the residents,” he said. DA interim leader John Steenhuisen said Mayor Williams will restore DA stability, good governance, and service delivery to residents of Tshwane. “The DA congratulates its candidate Randall Williams and his team on his election as executive mayor of the City of Tshwane at a council meeting after months of turmoil and uncertainty in our nation’s capital,” he said. He said the City had been illegally placed under administration by the Gauteng provincial government. “Tshwane has suffered months of governance paralysis due to the ANC having continuously rendered the council ungovernable. “The SCA ruling proved what we have been saying all along: that the illegal administration in Tshwane was nothing more than a desperate power grab by the ANC,” he said.