JAGUAR has unveiled the E-Pace line-up that is heading to Mzansi in 2021. The new E-Pace will come with a refreshed exterior, enhanced interior, the latest Pivi Pro infotainment and a choice of powerful and efficient engines. The new P300e PHEV powertrain combines the 147kW 1.5-litre three-cylinder Ingenium petrol engine and an 80kW Electric Rear Axle Drive (ERAD) motor. It provides the ability to drive up to 55km in zero emissions EV mode, with combined CO2 emissions from 44g/km and fuel economy as low as 2.0l/100km (WLTP TEH combined). Enhanced exterior At the front the changes include a revised lower gap incorporating a distinctive blade element. A new grille mesh design with diamond detailing is influenced by the Jaguar heritage logo and features a contemporary Noble Chrome finish, while new side fender vents feature the iconic Leaper emblem. Advanced LED technology is fitted to S models, while Premium LED headlights with Auto High Beam Assist feature on SE and HSE vehicles. The technology uses the forward-facing camera to automatically switch between high and low beam, to avoid dazzling oncoming drivers.  Beautifully crafted interior The interior of the new E-Pace features heightened luxury, enhanced connectivity and greater refinement. At the heart of the new interior is the integrated 11.4-inch curved-glass HD touchscreen at the centre of the dashboard, which controls the new Pivi Pro infotainment system. Chemically strengthened, the glass screen features two coatings: one which is anti-glare and a second which resists fingerprints. Plug-in power and performance The new E-Pace utilises Jaguar’s Premium Transverse Architecture, which has been designed and engineered to accommodate the latest electrified powertrain technologies. This includes the new three-cylinder P300e PHEV powertrain as well as the next-generation four-cylinder diesel and latest petrol Ingenium engines. Advanced features include intelligent All-Wheel Drive and smooth-shifting automatic transmissions, ensuring the new E-Pace delivers the confidence-inspiring dynamics, traction and refinement expected from a Jaguar. Engine line-up: Diesel • D200 147kW 2.0-litre four-cylinder turbo, nine-speed automatic, AWD Petrol • P250 184kW 2.0-litre four-cylinder turbo, nine-speed automatic, AWD • P300 221kW 2.0-litre four-cylinder turbo, nine-speed automatic, AWD •P300e 227kW PHEV 1.5-litre three-cylinder turbo, eight-speed automatic, AWD