HUNDREDS of mourners and members of Mkhonto weSizwe Military Veterans Association (MKMVA) paid their last respects to MKMVA cadre Richard Ngwenya. Richard’s funeral service was held at his home at Dindela Section in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni today and he was buried in Wespark Cemetery in Joburg.  Richard (59) was gunned down outside his home last Tuesday by two unknown suspects. Speakers hailed him as a loving and selfless person who used to reach out and help the needy people in the community. Mkhonto weSizwe Kathorus sub-region chairperson Dida Khanyile said they have lost a giant who had the interests of the community at heart. He said: “Whenever we asked him to help a needy family in the community, he would jump and help. “He was one of the most reliable cadres of the movement and we are devastated by his passing. He was readily available whenever there was any ANC or MKMVA task that needed to be fulfilled,” said Dida. Dida urged cops to arrest the suspects. EFF Member of Parliament Kenny Motsamai said Richard’s contribution will be sorely missed and he had learned from him.  He said Richard was not only his best friend but was like a brother to him. Kenny said: “He taught me a valuable lesson in life, that I must respect everyone whether they are rich or poor.’’ Richard’s son Sizwe Ngwenya described his father as a loving person.  He said: “His life was not only a blessing to us as a family but to many people in the society. “Speakers spoke about the role he played in the communities, surely he had touched many lives and we will always remember him.” Richard’s best friend Mar-Johan Pretorius said they met five years ago. He said: “When we met and shared business ideas, he never looked down at me because I’m white. He welcomed me, we had a good working relationship. May his soul rest in peace.” Vosloorus police spokesman Captain Piet Rossouw said a case of murder has been opened. He said no one has been arrested and they appeal to anyone with information to come forward and report it to the cops. 