JOMO Cosmos boss, Jomo Sono, has thrown his weight behind long-standing PSL chairman, Irvin Khoza, for re-election during the National Soccer League’s (NSL) quadrennial general meeting on 11 November. Even if he didn’t say it himself, but the former Orlando Pirates dribbling wizard implied Khoza must stand unopposed. “He should stand, who is there to take his position? NOBODY!,” quipped Sono. “He’s the only one who has transformed this league into what it is today. Irvin’s the only one who can take the PSL to another level. “There is no one who can run the PSL better than Irvin. As one of the founding members of the PSL, trust me, Irvin is UNIQUE. “If there was anyone to do it better than him, then they must be in a grave somewhere. Maybe we must dig and wake that person from a grave.” When asked if the NSL was working on a succession plan for the future, Sono retorted: “Sometimes you can talk about a succession plan, but for what? “Look at the succession plan for Brazil, there’s no replacement for Pele, there’s no replacement for Jomo Sono at Orlando Pirates since I retired. “Then why are we supposed to be busy with succession plans when the machinery is working well? We can only think about a succession plan if he dies, or he becomes destitute. “But for now, why do we need a succession plan? People are different in their own administration, and he is unique. “Irvin is different, he’s smart, he’s streetwise, and he’s hard. People are different. The one who will come after Irvin has decided to retire will be a different manager.” He said Khoza has his own way of running this football business and this is why the PSL is so successful. “He has a way to talk to sponsors, they listen to him and they respect him,” added Sono, whose club survived relegation through the skin of their teeth, and had the bio-bubble to thank for it. “The bubble was a resounding success. No player was infected with the coronavirus, or died,” said Sono. “The main aim was to finish the league, and it was done successfully without problems.” He confessed to having called Khoza and thanked him for the bubble, which “saved us”. “Yes, I did call the chairman and I said ‘hey doctor bubble’, I call him doctor bubble, ‘I have to be honest, as honest as I am, I thank you and executives for bringing up the bubble’,” said Sono. “We would not have survived. My boys slept in hotels and they would never ever have slept in a hotel in their lives. “I told the players that you see now, you’re in a hotel, go and save this club and you’ll get more hotels, more bubbles. It really helped. The boys were focussed and they’re a young team. “They were overwhelmed by the occasion. They slept at the Radisson Blu Hotel (in Sandton). They will never sleep there with their own money. I told them that they would never have slept at the Radisson Blu had it not been for the bubble until death. “Maybe when we’re in the PSL they would sneak in at such a hotel, but through discounts during Black Friday. “They had breakfast, lunch and supper – that was something new for them, most of them are now back eating kota. “We were buried alive. Obituaries were already written about us. The tombstone was already there. Let Irvin bring another bubble.”