 UKHOZI FM producer Ayanda Melansi has apologised for her sharp tongue. “I would like to apologise to Unisa students whom I offended last week. I meant no harm to anyone,” she said on Sigiya Ngengoma show. Her apology was well received by the listeners. Thule Ngcobo wrote: “Ayanda, apology accepted dear.” Cyabnga Khumalo wrote: “You are such a lady sister, to admit the mistake shows you are humble. There’s not even a single bone of pride in you, keep up the good work. I love you Ayanda.” ALSO READ: UKHOZI FM PRODUCER AYANDA MAKES LISTENERS SEE RED! Thokomala C Ngcobo wrote: “You’ve been forgiven.” When Daily Sun approached Ayanda about her apology, she said: “It has left me emotionally exhausted and I am not prepared to comment beyond that. With all due respect, let me just say no comment.” Last week Saturday, the Sigiya Ngengoma listeners demanded an apology following her offensive remarks about Unisa students. During the Qhudemanikiniki competition, she said: “Unisa is leading with 57% of votes and MUT is behind with 43%. This means the university for older people has won.” The ‘older people’ part got Unisa students angry so much that they flooded her Facebook page and started swearing at her. They felt discriminated against and demanded an apology, failing which they were prepared to go to SABC studios. Eventually she apologised on her Facebook page “Sometimes we make jokes that aren’t funny to other people. What I said about Unisa was not intended to hurt, and I didn’t mean to hurt anyone’s feelings. I’m so sorry. My wish is for us to respect, help and learn from one another,” she wrote. But her Facebook apology fuelled the listeners even more. They told her that the remarks were made on radio, therefore the apology must also be made on air. She was further reprimanded by her employer. SABC’s spokeswoman Mmoni Seapolela wrote: “She’s been advised to be more sensitive to all age groups that the station caters to and has since apologized on Facebook She’ll be afforded a chance to apologize on the same platform on which she made the utterances in question…” It is not the first time the Sigiya Ngengoma team angered Ukhozi listeners. A couple of times Khathide “Tshathugodo” Ngobe has been called to apologise. Earlier this year, he was suspended for insulting Ukhozi listeners. So is his co-host, Zimiphi ‘Biyela’ Biyela.