 Gold Series, announced in 2019 that talented actress, songstress and performer Simphiwe Ngema would be representing the perfume brand as an ambassador. As part of a range expansion, Gold Series selected Simz to help drive authentic conversations and engagements in the South African market as well as form a community around, and connection with the Gold Series products and brand.Commenting on her journey over the past year, Simz says it’s been an incredible year of learning and teaching, “On top of all of it,  being a part of the Gold Series team has been a dream come true.”  Q: What does being a Gold Series ambassador mean to you? A: Gold series has become a part of me, everywhere I go, people stop me and tell me that they are using “my” perfume, it has become a big part of me that I am committed to and it means the world to me. I am so proud to be a part of the Gold series family.Q: What has been your biggest highlight over the past year as a Gold Series ambassador? A: There are so many: The announcement of the brand ambassadorship, when we shot the television commercial, and performing with my dancers at the Gold Series events. Q: Why is it important to maintain a good relationship with Gold Series fans and how do you navigate the communication. How do they reach you and how do you reach them? A: Maintaining a good relationship with fans in general is so important to me because these are people who look up to me, people who need a role model and need someone who can give them hope and inspire them to do better and be better. Q: What do you look forward to going into the second year with the Gold Series? A: I am looking forward to meeting more Gold Series fans. I’m looking forward to bringing positive change in the lives of many. I am excited about the prospects of telling more people about the brand and its beautiful products. Q: What advice would you give to aspiring brand ambassadors? Always be authentic and relatable, be someone that others can look up to but most importantly be true to yourself.