MARITZBURG United coach Eric Tinkler is a relieved man! His problem at left back has been solved with the news that the club had got back defender Tebogo Tlolane from Orlando Pirates on loan ahead of their opening DStv Premiership fixture against Baroka at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Tinkler was sweating this week about filling the left back position after Dan Morgan was ruled out when he sustained an injury in the 2-1 MTN8 quarterfinal loss to Kaizer Chiefs last weekend. Tlolane, who was on loan to Maritzburg last season, was due to arrive last week before the Chiefs game, but the former Chippa United left back played for Pirates last weekend when Bucs beat Cape Town City 2-1 in their Wafa Wafa quarterfinal clash last weekend. “We lost Dan Morgan (through injury) against Chiefs and the good news is that Tlolane has arrived so our Messi is back. So I’m looking forward to the game,” a relieved Tinkler said. This is not the only good news for Tinkler. He has also confirmed that striker Ali Meza, signed from Mamelodi Sundowns, has had his work permit issued and will be part of the game against Bakgaga. However, the Team of Choice will still be without Kwanda Mngonyama, who is serving his second match of his suspension after he was sent off against Bloemfontein Celtic in the last game of last season which was his second red card. Tinkler is already minus Mxolisi Kunene, who is out with a long-term knee injury which he picked it up when the 2019-20 Covid-19 disrupted season restarted in August in Gauteng. He underwent an operation and is set to return towards the end of the season. This game will also come too soon for new goalkeeper, Sebastian Mwange, who was signed on a two-year deal from Zambian side Green Buffaloes a few days ago. Tinkler needed a new goalkeeper when Richard Ofori joined Pirates recently after spending three seasons at the club. But Mwange is not available as he is still waiting for his work permit to be issued. Tinkler said: “Obviously we want to start the 2020-21 season on the front foot. It is important that we go to Baroka and get a positive result.”