AND so the quest for Caf Champions League glory continues for Pitso Mosimane! Knocked out of the prestigious club tournament with Mamelodi Sundowns earlier this year, Mosimane is back in contention for Caf success with Al Ahly. The Egyptian giants put one foot in the Champions League final with a convincing 2-0 semi-final, first leg victory over Wydad Casablanca in Morocco on Saturday. The win, the first for Mosimane against WAC in Casablanca, puts him in a better position to reach his second ever Champions League final, having achieved the feat with Sundowns four years ago. Ironically, it was Ahly who bundled Sundowns out of the tournament in a two-legged quarter-final tie in February. The Tshwane giants have found it increasingly difficult to scale the heights of 2016, only coming as far as the semi-finals since lifting the trophy. Yet for Mosimane, the mission continues as local cameras follow him far away in Cairo. Goals from Magdi Afsha and Ali Maaloul ensured a comfortable win for the Mosimane coached side. Al Ahly have not won the tourney since they beat Orlando Pirates in 2013 final. A succession of coaches has failed to deliver them a ninth title, prompting the club to look further north of the continent in Europe for the right man to lead them to glory. But the man they have been looking for could well have been south of the equator in Mzansi, all along. During his seven-year spell with Sundowns, Mosimane lost four straight matches against Wydad in Morocco. The victory was Mosimane’s first over Wydad Casablanca in the six games he has faced them as a coach. He had lost four of the previous meetings and only secured a draw earlier this season. But he finally celebrated the victory as the Red Devils dismantled the Moroccans and put his team in a good position to finish the job in the second leg at home on Friday. Said Mosimane: “We played a difficult game against a tough opponent, as they kept fighting to come back even after conceding two goals. “But the players performed very well, especially in defence and midfield. They kept us in the lead during the first half. Mosimane hailed his keeper El Shenawy, who kept them in the game. “El Shenawy saved the penalty and kept our lead, which led us to score the second goal.”