THE Great Wall Motors Company Limited (GWM) is not here to play, and it’s taking the bull by the horns. Since its launch in September last year in the Chinese market, the bakkie attracted great selling over 5 020 units in its first month. Playing in the bakkie market in Mzansi is no walk in the park, with the Toyota Hilux and the Ford Ranger battling for the top position for the past couple of years. The competition isn’t only the Hilux and the Ranger, but there’s also the Isuzu D-Max, VW Amarok, Mitsubishi Triton, Nissan NP300, and the Nissan Navara. The new GWM bakkie will have its hands full battling in the bakkie arena.  GWM’s bakkie bears the world-renowned GWM logo, the grill of the new brute of a bakkie bears an all-new logo – a super symbol, a badge that has the shape of a ‘P’. According to the automaker, the new design of the logo “P” is inspired by the power of heaven and earth, a nebula or interstellar cloud that is backwash. The super symbol of “P” has three core implications, “POWER”, “PEAK” and “PERFECT” symbolizing the spiritual connotation of “P”.  In Mzansi, the bakkie will be called the GWM P Series bakkie and is expected to raise the bar for the Chinese manufacturer to a new level of space, comfort, performance, safety, technology, and reliability. It will be launched with an all-new 2,0 TD engine fitted with Variable Vortex Intake Manifold for more torque and power. The load bin features a hidden step ladder in the tailgate, making loading and unloading a breeze. Under the skin, the P Series offers personalised intelligent interconnectivity, voice-controlled entertainment, self-adaptive cruise control, and smart cruise control support, multi-function seats, rear self-tensioning seat belts in the double cab. The P Series will be available in 16 derivatives in South Africa and SADC countries, ranging from Single Cab base model 4X2 Turbo Diesel and 4x4 Manual transmissions, right up the spectrum to Double Cab 4X2 Turbo Diesel Manual and Automatic transmissions to 4X4 Turbo Diesel Manual and Automatic transmission versions. 