Controversial Sedibeng municipal manager and former Eastern Cape social development HOD Stanley Khanyile has been shot dead. Khanyile was shot multiple times inside his vehicle on Saturday in Alberton, a source confirmed to News24. According to EWN, Khanyile was shot six times and succumbed to his wounds. Gauteng police spokesperson Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said: "Gauteng police have launched a search for unknown suspect(s) following the fatal shooting of a 52-year-old man whose identity police cannot disclose or confirm at this stage. "According to information from the scene, at around midday on Saturday, the deceased was in a vehicle parked at a shopping centre on the corner of Hennie Alberts Road and Michelle Avenue in Meyersdal, Alberton, when a suspect fired multiple shots at him. After having shot Khanyile, the suspect was reported to have jumped into a nearby gold Toyota Cressida. Peters said the motive for the shooting was unclear at this stage. stanley khanyileStanley Khanyile was shot dead inside his vehicle on Saturday. (Supplied)In August, Khanyile, Durban businessman and chartered accountant Poovandaren Chetty and former chief director of the Eastern Cape social development department, advocate Vuyokazi Sangoni, appeared in the King William's Town Magistrate's Court where they faced charges of fraud, theft and money laundering worth more than R29 million. It was alleged that the accused siphoned the R29 million from a R42 million budget earmarked for the construction of a resources development centre during the 2015-2016 financial year, and a sum of R14.466 million was then paid to Chetty's company shortly afterwards. The three were expected to appear in court again on 16 October. Police appealed to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or have information that could lead to the arrest of the suspect(s) to contact their nearest police station or to call the SAPS Crime Stop number. "All information will be treated confidentially," said Peters. SOURCE: News24