IT WAS a bitter sweet moment for South Africans when Shudufhadzo Musida was crowned Miss SA 2020 on Saturday. One of the 23-year-old’s striking features was that she wore little make-up and had a clean-shaven head. But while Mzansi women are celebrating, hairstylists aren’t so happy. This is because after Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi was crowned, many women opted for short hair or even a chiskop. Congratulating Shudufhadzo, media personality Shauwn Mkhize said: “I can’t help but think of India Arie’s song, I am Not My Hair. “As women, we’re more than what we have on our heads.“It shouldn’t matter what you have on your head, but rather your personality and mindset to be a role model and be able to represent Mzansi to the world.” ALSO READ: IDOLS TOP EIGHT FINALISTS GIVE THEIR BEST PERFORMANCES! She said the rest of the world was starting to catch up and recognise African beauty in its different forms. Former Ukhozi producer, Lawrancia Mqwebu, reiterated Shauwn’s position. “Both Zozibini and Mashudu’s hairstyles emphasised the fact we’re beautiful with or without hair I don’t think it’s necessarily about the new trend instead it is about authenticity, simplicity, embracing and emphasising what is ours,” she said. But hair experts are worried about the possible loss of business. An expert from Soft n Free hair products Sandile Mlambo said: “It is refreshing to see women winning beauty pageants without weaves or relaxed hair. ButThis new trend of a shaved head  will cripple our hair business. “Shaving off the hair or just cutting it is far cheaper. “We’ll introduce products to nourish the scalp since Shudufhadzo’s hairstyle is bound to dominate.” He said Soft n Free has introduced new hair products that nourish natural hair. Hairstylist, Simphiwe Dladla from KZN, said agreed that this would kill their business. “A chiskop or hair cut is very cheap compared to other hairstyles. For example a haircut costs between R70 and R150 depending on the location, while a weave can easily cost between R300 and R5000,” said Simphiwe.