TOO often than not, the result between Bafana Bafana and Namibia are known before kick-off, with the scoreline the only thing in doubt. South Africa hardly encounter problems against their neighbours as the record that reads: seven wins, two losses and one draw, clearly shows. In fact, the two wins for Namibia have come in the less-heralded Cosafa Cup, while Benni McCarthy’s four-goal heroics in the 1994 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Bafana folklore, recorded in history books. But Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki is not reading too much into the records ahead of tonight’s friendly against the Warriors at Royal Bafokeng Stadium (6pm). “Namibia are a very tough team physically, very enthusiastic and motivated when they play against us,” said Ntseki. “Over the past few weeks, you’ve seen the likes of Peter Shalulile joining Sundowns and Deon Hotto following his captain to Pirates. “We are expecting a tough match. They did well against us in Egypt, despite the 1-0 win. “The reason we’ve lined up two friendly matches is to have a dress rehearsal for the Sao Tome and Principe games (Afcon qualifiers), to see how we can cope playing two 90-minutes in a space of two days. So as much as the friendlies are important we are looking beyond them. Namibia has the qualities of Sao Tome.” Ntseki, who will be guiding Bafana in his fourth match, has a full squad, which includes Percy Tau, who arrived from Belgium yesterday to terrorise the Namibians. Tau, together with Lyle Foster, will be the main attraction and will haunt the Namibians as they hope for victory against Bafana, this despite the Anderlecht star recovering from the long trip. In fact, the likes of Siyethemba Sithebe and Thibang Phete will surely earn maiden international caps. Tau has made a great start to life at Anderlecht, scoring two goals in seven matches for the Belgian Pro League side. “I came here to play, and it’s always a great opportunity for me to play for the national team,” said Tau upon arrival. “It’s also good to see the other guys here, also good to see how we fit in together at training so that we know we can trust them and they can trust us. Hopefully we win the games. “The friendly matches are also important as we prepare for qualifier matches.”