NEW AmaZulu chairman Sandile Zungu has promised plenty of changes within the club this coming season. The ambitious Zungu says days of dominance from the big three (Orlando Pirates, Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs) will soon be over. READ: AMAZULU HAVE BEEN SOLD Zungu, the businessman in Durban, completed the deal of purchasing the hundred percent shares of AmaZulu from Dr Patrick Sokhela and those from Spar through Zungu Investment Company (ZICO)  which he owns. However, the completion of the deal depends on the league’s approval. But according to Zungu, that is just a formality as they’ll be not be making any changes within the team structure. While new management is coming in and will continue where the new management left, the ambition from Zungus is to see the club no longer fighting relegation battles. Last season that was completed recently, it was chaotic. But the club was able to survive the dreaded axe under the guidance of Ayanda Dlamini to finish 13th on the table. Zungu has since thrown a gauntlet that this coming season they will have to finish in the top four.He said if they can’t do that they would have failed. “AmaZulu will no longer be fighting for relegation, starting from this coming season,” said Zungu at the packed press conference at Hilton Hotel in Durban on Friday. “If we don’t reach the top four, we would have failed. "Come 2022 we want to be number one team in the PSL and the next decade leading up to the club’s centenary, it must be a decade where AmaZulu become the dominant force.” Zungu also confirmed that current coach Ayanda Dlamini, who was recently given a three-year deal by previous management, will remain as the head coach and as the new management will support in terms of acquiring new players. “We won't change the technical team and the coach (Dlamini, who was at the press conference), will remain with us. “As the new management, we have to support him with the players he wants. Zungu added: "Also, the players, which I met this morning. I told them that they must go to the pitch knowing that they are prepared to die in the battlefield.”