MANQOBA Mngqithi has emerged as the favourite to take over as Mamelodi Sundowns coach! The club have also approached Simone Conley to fill the role of physical trainer. This following the shock resignation of Pitso Mosimane as head coach yesterday to take charge of Al Ahly in Egypt. Mosimane yesterday confirmed his resignation, following a day of high drama at the club. Club president Patrice Motsepe arrived at the club offices with his lawyers for crunch talks with Mosimane’s management team. But the two parties reached an agreement which has resulted in the club accepting Mosimane’s resignation letter. Mosimane is heading to Cairo to join the Egyptian giants, taking along with him his assistant Rhulani Mokwena and physical trainer Kabelo Rangoaga and performance analyst, Musi Matlaba. Conley confirmed he has been informed of the interests from the Tshwane giants through her agent. But is yet to receive a formal offer. Mngqithi has worked as Mosimane’s lieutenant since the 2013-14 season, achieving great success, which includes the Caf Champions League as well as three league titles. Mosimane’s abrupt departure comes as a huge blow to the Brazilians, considering he signed a bumper four-year deal with the club in May. But it appears protracted talks over the same deal, as well as interference, have led to his decision to pack up and leave. Mosimane has expressed his unhappiness about the ”internal forces” which were not too happy to see him succeed. He had bemoaned the fact he didn’t have complete control over technical matters at the club. However, even though he was prepared to work with the technical director, Jose Alexanko, internal forces made his life very difficult. In a statement, Mosimane has wished the Brazilians success in their quest to defend their three titles. It is with a sense of pain and sadness that I announce my departure from Sundowns. I have accepted an offer to join an international team,” said Mosimane. “I’m taking up this new challenge that will push me out of my comfort zone.” In another statement, Motsepe thanked Mosimane for the success he has brought to the club over the last seven years and went further to explain that players and coaches must pursue new opportunities where they may grow and receive greater remuneration.