A NEW muthi called rica has landed on kasi streets. It only costs R30, but there’s a catch. . . It has to be renewed every three months! Rica apparently makes a man love you like crazy. READ: WATCH: RENTED AUDI R8 SPLIT IN HALF! He’ll do whatever you want him to do and won’t even look at another woman. All the woman does is put the muthi in her man’s soup and wait for the magic to happen. Although women are raving over this muthi, some men believe it shouldn’t even be sold. But some women told Daily Sun this was the only way. “Men cheat and there’s nothing you can do about it. To rica them is the only option,” said Matlakala Motloung (42) from Tsakane, Ekurhuleni. She heard about the muthi from a friend. “I used to fight with my partner a lot. We’d go for a month without talking to each other. He cheated with many women,” she said. But her friend was in a smooth relationship. “She and her man never fought. The man was always home. He’d go to work and come straight home. He never cheated and was a man every woman dreamt of,” she said. Matlakala said she was joking with her friend one day and asked her what her secret was. “She knew how hard things were for me and told me about the muthi. “I thought it would be expensive, only to find it cost R30.” She bought it and the fighting stopped. He stopped coming home at 1am and stopped spending money on women. “Marriage is now on the cards. He promised to marry me in 2021. I don’t regret what I did,” said Matlakala. Busisiwe Dlamini (40) from Brakpan in Ekurhuleni said her husband had a girlfriend in every corner ekasi. ALSO READ: KHAYA DLADLA GETS ENGAGED! “We almost broke up. I love him and didn’t want to lose him, so I decided to rica him,” she said. He stopped cheating and has even devoted his life to God. “We’re now a happy family. We spend time together and go to church together every Sunday,” she said. However, some men aren’t happy with the rica muthi. Mthunzi Ndima (35) said: “This is wrong. Someone will give you muthi and when you follow them they get annoyed. They end up making you a fool.” Ntokozo Maphumulo (42) said women who rica men end up cheating as they get bored. “Women want a lively man. When you’ve been given muthi you lose your dignity and follow the woman everywhere she goes. You become a boring ‘yes man’,” he said. Nathi Dlalisa (30) said: “I’m disgusted by women who do such to men. It’s wrong and whoever found to be doing it must face the consequences.” A muthi seller from Tsakane said: “I won’t stop selling it as long as there’s demand. It puts food on the table.” She mixes various herbs to make the muthi. “I trust it to do the work. But the user has to renew it every three months,” she said.