BOXING South Africa (BSA) chairman, Peter Ngatane, has hailed the success of the TLB Boxing Promotions tournament, which was held at the Klipspruit Sports Centre in Soweto on Saturday. The tournament was headlined by a clash between former International Boxing Organisation (IBO) welterweight champion Thulani “Evolution” Mbenge and Kuvesa Katembo. Mbenge outpointed Katembo and walked away with the vacant ABU welterweight title. Ngatane, who is also the chairman of ABU, believes that the tournament’s success augurs well for the sport. “I’m very proud that the promotions company put up a good show. We are very proud as Boxing South Africa because the Covid-19 pandemic kept many boxers out of the ring and in poverty. The return of boxing gives an opportunity to boxers to earn a living, and also give them the enthusiasm to go back into the ring. At the moment we are very proud that the last two tournaments have been very successful,’’ Ngatane said, referring to last weekend’s tournament which was held at Emperors Palace in Kempton Park. “I’m very proud that we had a tournament. Even though the boxers were ring rusty, they didn’t disappoint. Thulani Mbenge won the ABU title in good style and you could see that his fitness is still there. All other fights were very encouraging.” Mbenge, meanwhile, has insisted that he needed rounds in an effort to show boxing lovers that he can box and fight. “I’m excited. I knew I could box this guy. I feel good and I didn’t even feel tired,” he said. “I wanted to show the other side of me. For me to conquer the world I have to know how to box. “I need to do more of this and this is the journey my coach and myself are taking.” Meanwhile, Prince Dlomo shocked Xolisani “Nomeva’’ Ndongeni with a sixth round stoppage and became the first South African boxer to beat the latter. Dlomo went into the contest as the underdog, but rose to the occasion by sending the former two-time world champion to the canvas with a left hook. After the fight, Dlomo said: “Ndongeni is a good boxer. I was shutting his mouth after all the trash talk before the fight. “I still respect him and he still has a good record. We prepared very well for him as we watched his previous fights. It’s great that I’m the first South African boxer to beat him.”