MZANSI’S former number one wanted a consulting firm to include his blessee companies in a R25 billion Transnet project. Yesterday, Henk Bester, who worked as project director for Hatch Goba, a service provider awarded the contract, told the Zondo Commission they had already identified their own supplier development enterprise. But he said Hatch was pressured to incorporate PM Africa and DCE, which they had never worked with before. Bester said he received a call from Nailan Padayachee on 19 July 2013, saying he’d like to see him. They met at Hatch offices in Woodmead with Dave Reddy. “They said they wanted to be part of the supplier development. They said there was a wish from Transnet and they were sent by number one,” said Bester. But they did not say who number one was. “I asked Reddy who number one was and he said ‘you can figure it out’.” He said the media used to refer to former president Jacob Zuma as number one. At the time, Transnet wanted a manganese expansion project to increase its capacity on its manganese rail line, including upgrading the rail network between Northern and Eastern Cape. Bester said they agreed Padayachee would send him the memorandum of understanding they agreed on. He said Transnet project director Rudie Basson told them Transnet CFO Anoj Sing indicated he wanted specific companies included in the manganese expansion project, and mentioned Padayachee and Reddy’s names. He said they told Basson they would not sign the memorandum. “That day, Basson came back to me and said something to the effect ‘sign that damn thing’.” Bester said they didn’t sign and sent it to his colleague Allan Gray, who amended it. He said on 5 August he met Padayachee again, and told him the confinement, meaning it did not go to open tender, was eminent and they were not happy with the revised memorandum. “We were being held ransom. Transnet was not going to approve the confinement unless we agreed to the revised memorandum.” Bester said in 2014, he was called by Gupta lieutenant Salim Essa, who wanted his company included in the project. He said he told him that then Transnet CEO Brian Molefe would be seconded to Eskom to show him he was close to people in power. “He said with the power they had, they can do anything.”