THE South African Deputy Commissioner Human Resources Management Lieutenant General Bonang Mgwenya made an appearance at the Palm Ridge Magistrate Court on Monday after she was arrested in the early hours of Monday morning at her house. Deputy National Commissioner was granted R20 000 bail. She is facing charges of corruption, fraud, theft and money laundering. Ngwenya is the 13th accused in a trial in which nine other senior police officers face charges relating to the supply of emergency warning equipment for the South African Police Service in a tender worth R191-million. Her latest arrest joins, former National Police Commissioner Khomotso Phahlane, former Gauteng Police Commissioner Deliwe de Lange, Gauteng deputy police Commissioner Major -General Brigadier Nombhuruza Lettie Napo, Lieutenant General Ramahlapi Johannes Mokwena who is a retired  Divisional Commissioner, Brigadier James Ramanjalum, and Major General Ravichandran Pillay, Thomas Dumas Marima (Colonel), Maetapese Joseph Mulaiwa (Sargent) The Civilians are Judy Rose, Samantha Andrews ,Vimpie Manthatha and a company represented by its director Vimpie lastly Instrumentation for Traffic Law enforcement (Pty) Ltd. All accused will stand trial from 16 November to the 10 December. According to Investigating Directorate National Spokeswoman, Sindisiwe Twala, her arrest and appearance were related to the supply of emergency warning equipment for the South African Police services in 2017. She said the contract price and exposure to the Police fiscus was R191million, however, R65 million was paid to the service provider, Instrumentation for Traffic Law enforcement (Pty) Ltd. "The payment of R22 million was stopped at the advanced stage of the Investigating Directorates probe into the matter," said Twala. She said the officials stand accused of colluding to ensure that a company owned by Manthatha was awarded a contract to install 1550 police motor vehicles with warning lights at a grossly inflated price. IPID Executive Director, Jennifer Ntlatseng, said IPID remains committed in its constitutional mandate of investigating any alleged police misconduct. Head of the Investigating Directorate, Advocate Hermione Cronje, said they are working hard to clean up law enforcement so that South Africans can be assured that those charged with the responsibility to protect and serve the Nation are in fact doing so and not themselves breaking the law.