AS AN assistant coach, Manqoba Mngqithi, has contributed immensely to the Mamelodi Sundowns’ trophy haul... except for one title. The MTN8 is the only missing piece of silverware in the glittering trophy cabinet at Chloorkop. With Pitso Mosimane no longer around, Mngqithi begins a new journey for the club, starting with the MTN8 campaign this weekend. Together with co-coach Rhulani Mokwena, Mngqithi guides the Brazilians against Bloemfontein Celtic in the top-eight opener at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Sunday (6pm). Even though Celtic are eyeing revenge against the team that recently denied them the Nedbank Cup title, Mngqithi and Mokwena have automatic pressure to prove they are the right choice for the massive task of leading Sundowns to more glory, post the Mosimane era. “I have been at Sundowns for six years now.This is the one cup that always find it’s way out, and we’ve never won it, not even once,” Mngqithi admitted. “We’ve been in the final once. It is the one cup I always say we should win. When you just come from winning the league and the Nedbank Cup, you should have the confidence and willpower to say ‘let’s go win it’. “Nothing should stop us from winning this trophy.” Recent results between the two teams would suggest Downs are favourites. But complacency is the last thing on Mngqithi’s mind, mindful of the fact Siwelele took them the distance in the last cup final. “We know very well it is not going to be easy. We are playing an awkward team. At this stage, we are assuming they will come with one of the two of the strategies they brought the last time. But we have the capacity. I have confidence in the team I work with, and the teams that we have. We will give it our best shot, just we’ve always done. I believe this time we can put ourselves in the final,” Mngqithi said. He has been part of the team that brought in few new faces to the Brazilians, but he is unlikely to throw in the likes of Ricardo Goss and Khuliso Mudau against Celtic. There is just a lot at stake as one bad move could see them out of the tournament.