Motion sickness, an illness caused by the disturbance of
one's sense of balance, can leave you feeling nauseous and dizzy, and may even
cause headaches and vomiting. According to the US National Library of Medicine, about one
in three people is considered highly susceptible to the condition. It is known
to commonly occur during car travel, at sea, and when using virtual reality
headsets. Coping strategies vary and include medications, looking out
of the window and avoiding looking down to read when in a moving vehicle. Now, a new study has found that visuospatial exercises can
train the brain to reduce motion sickness by up to 58%. The study was done by
researchers at WMG, University of Warwick in the UK, and was published in the
journal Applied Ergonomics. Motion sickness and the future of self-driving vehicle According to the study authors, motion sickness is expected
to be a significant factor in autonomous (self-driving) cars based on potential
vehicle designs and people’s desire to engage in non-driving related tasks,
such as reading or watching films. The Guardian notes that these cars could be
allowed on UK motorways as early as next year. For this reason, the researchers felt there is a need to
work on ways to reduce motion sickness now more than ever. A news release by the university mentions that, according to
Morgan Stanley, reducing motion sickness, allowing people to work and read in
self-driving cars could boost productivity by as much as $508 billion per year. Two-part study showed positive result As part of their two-part study, the research team had
participants either doing a driving simulator trial in the WMG 3xD simulator,
or on an on-road trial where they were driven around as passengers. This
essentially imitated being in an autonomous vehicle. Some of the ways they measured the severity of symptoms
included a "fast motion sickness scale" to capture
"real-time" symptoms. After their first run, participants completed several
pen-and-paper visuospatial training tasks for 15 minutes per day for two weeks. Some of the tasks included exercises such as looking at a
pattern of boxes and having to identify which image out of three is the
original; paper folding tasks; and understanding spatial patterns. When this training period was completed, participants
partook in another motion sickness assessment. The results from that assessment indicated that their motion
sickness was reduced by 51% in the driving simulator, and by 58% in the on-road
trial. Results a 'massive step forward' “Being able to reduce an individual’s personal
susceptibility to motion-sickness using simple ‘brain training style’ tasks
training is a massive step-forward in the development of future transport
systems, including autonomous vehicles,” commented lead author, Dr Joseph
Smyth, from WMG, University of Warwick, adding: "Human-factors research is all about how we can design
products and services that are pleasurable. Motion sickness has, for a long
time, been a significant limitation to many people’s transport options and this
research has shown a new method for how we can address this." Smyth also said that he hopes the training can be optimised
into shorter, but highly impactful methods to be used in the future. “Imagine if, when someone is waiting for a test-drive in a
new autonomous vehicle, they could sit in the showroom and do some ‘brain
training puzzles’ on a tablet before going out in the car, thereby reducing
their risk of sickness,” he said. According to Smyth, there is potential for this method to
also be used in other domains, such as sea-sickness for navy staff or cruise
ship passengers. SOURCE: WHEELS24