SuperSport United secured a 2-0 win over Black Leopards in the DStv Premiership match at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday night. As a result, Matsatsantsa started the new 2020/21 season with a win despite having played the last 30 minutes of the match with 10 players. Matsatsantsa started the match well and they threatened first through their leading marksman Bradley Grobler three minutes into the game. The Bafana Bafana international's deflected shot was well-saved by Jonas Mendes in the Leopards goal-posts. However, the match was then stopped due to inclement weather in the city of Tshwane with nine minutes played. SuperSport dominated the match after it resumed and Grobler was working hard in attack for the home side as he searched for the opening goal. The newly crowned MTN8 Last Man Standing did get the goal he had been looking for five minutes before the half-hour mark. Grobler beat Guinea-Bissau international Mendes with a composed finish to make to 1-0 to SuperSport with Jamie Webber grabbing an assist. It should have been 2-0 to SuperSport just before halftime when Teboho Mokoena's wonderful free-kick hit the crossbar and the score was 1-0 at the interval. Tebogo Makobela and Tebogo Sodi were both introduced by Leopards coach Patrick Aussems prior to the start of the second-half. The hosts suffered a blow on the hour-mark when Onismor Bhasera received his second yellow card and SuperSport were reduced to 10 players. However, Matsatsantsa continued to attack and they were awarded a free-kick in a promising area in the final 15 minutes of the match. Mokoena forced Mendes into a good save at the near-posts as Kaitano Tembo's charges looked to snatch a late winning goal. Leopards launched late attacks with goalkeeper Ronwen Williams being forced to produce a fine low save to deny Themba Ndlovu with two minutes left. However, the visitors were left vulnerable at the back and they were punished by Grobler, who netted with a powerful shot from range to seal SuperSport's 2-0 win on the night.