THE last time neighbours saw Dieketseng Mohapi alive was on Friday when she hung laundry on the line. She was also meant to show up to a few weekend gatherings, but didn’t. On top of that, her phone rang unanswered and her family started to worry as they hadn’t seen her for days. Sadly, the 36-year-old, her two kids, Oratile (7) and Bofelo (4) and niece Manana Molefe (15), were found dead at her home in Sebokeng zone 14, Vaal, on Monday evening.  They were allegedly poisoned and their decomposing bodies were found in different rooms. Dieketseng’s sister, also named Dieketseng (30) but popularly known as Keke, said her sister was supposed to take her children to visit their parents on Friday, but never arrived. “Our older sister called her when she didn’t bring the children, but her phone was off. This happened the entire weekend. She went to Dieketseng’s house to check on her. That’s when she discovered this tragedy,” she said. Dieketseng’s older sister, Selloane Makoe, (42), who is Manana’s mum, said: “When I got to her house, I found all the gates locked and her boyfriend was standing outside. “We jumped the wall and were stopped by a foul smell and flies on the windows before we even got to the door. We immediately called the cops.” Selloane said she didn’t go into the house because of the bad smell. “I was scared and only saw my child being taken out of the house in a body bag. What kind of a human being does this? I want justice for my family. We will not recover from this.” Dieketseng’s friend and colleague, Pamella Masoka (31), said they had plans on Saturday, but Dieketseng didn’t arrive.  “I called Dieketseng the whole weekend, but couldn’t reach her. She wasn’t at work on Monday and I knew something was wrong. So I asked her boyfriend to check on her,” she said. “I feel like I failed her. I should have checked on her when I couldn’t reach her.” Provincial cop spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo confirmed the incident. He said neighbours alerted local police, who then managed to gain access to the house. “The bodies were found in separate rooms. At this stage we don’t know the cause of death, but we have opened an inquest docket for further investigations,” said Masondo. 