FORMER Eskom board member, Venete Klein, has denied claims she pushed for the suspension of financial director, Tsholofelo Molefe. Klein told the Zondo Commission yesterday she supported the suspension but didn’t call for it. Another former board member, Norman Baloyi, gave evidence on Wednesday that Klein, who was chairwoman of the people and governance committee, told other members Molefe’s name should be included in the list of executives to be suspended. “I deny that. Baloyi was a member of the audit and risk committee, not P&G. I don’t know how he would have heard me say that,” Klein said. Molefe was suspended on 11 March 2015, along with CEO Tshediso Matona and commercial executive Matshela Koko. Klein told the commission she understood they had to step aside, so there would be no interference with the inquiry and would come back after the inquiry. “We were running a company of R30 million an hour. I was always aware that whatever decision the board makes must be acted on,” said Klein. Klein said it became apparent that the memorandum to request for an inquiry came from former president Jacob Zuma. She said on the morning of 11 March board members met with former public enterprises minister Lynne Brown. Klein said Brown had said people responsible for areas that were affected could be asked to step aside. “But she said it was the board’s decision,” said Klein.  She said no names were mentioned while the minister was in the meeting. “Board chairman Zola Tsotsi mentioned the names of the executives. He went as far as giving us reasons why they should be suspended,” she said. The commission has heard from Tsotsi and Eskom consultant Nicholas Linnell that the decision to suspend Eskom executives was taken in a meeting held at Zuma’s house in Durban on 8 March. They said Zuma took part in the meeting that drafted resolutions to suspend the three executives. “It wasn’t a case of let’s ask them to step aside. Linnell came to the meeting with the actual charges of wrongdoing and said, ‘Let’s charge them’,” said Klein.