MATCHES between Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns are never without excitement and drama. Even behind closed doors, you can expect the two sworn enemies will go gung-ho in their DStv Premiership season-opening blockbuster at FNB Stadium tomorrow afternoon (3.30pm). Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt is rightly not reading too much into Sundowns’ cup woes after the latter were knocked out of the MTN8 Cup last week. It is usually a different ball game when the two meet, with much more than maximum points at stake. “I think it’s way too early to tell. Everybody who understands football knows they should have won the game comfortably (against Celtic) last week,” said Hunt. “They have a hell of a squad of players. We are under no illusions. “It’s going to be a very tough game for us. We’ll take it as it comes on Saturday.” While Sundowns have as many as 11 new signings on board, Hunt can only count players from the development side as the new signings, thanks to the Fifa transfer ban. But while the Brazilians stuttered to a 1-0 loss to Bloemfontein Celtic, Amakhosi fought tooth and nail to edge out Maritzburg United 2-1. And as the coaching trio at Sundowns battle to find a winning combination, Hunt is getting the best out of the players, who let the league title slip last season. “I work on the basis that the ban is not going to be lifted. That’s how I see it. If it gets uplifted, so be it,” added Hunt. “We’ve got a good set of players. We do lack in certain areas. We have Manyama (Lebo), Willard Katsande. We will make a final call today about who is going to play. Sphelele Ntshangase is also back as well. It does give me a little bit more extra to work with. It adds to the depth and strength of the squad. “It’s not easy playing in a big stadium without supporters. But it is the same for everybody.” The one area of no concern for both Hunt and his Sundowns counterparts – Manqoba Mngqithi and Rhulani Mokwena – is the goalkeeping department. Inspirations skipper Itumeleng Khune is back in the starting line-up, while Denis Onyango remains the key figure in the Downs defence. The two could well influence the outcome of this epic battle.