RESIDENTS from Lusikisiki in Eastern Cape want Sassa to deposit their Special Covid-19 Social relief fund in their bank accounts. Nomvuyiso Sangoni (34) said she has been visiting the Post Office for the past two weeks but without getting her money. “The queue is always long and we had to go back home without getting our money. Sassa needs to deposit it in our bank accounts so that we don’t have to come back here every day,” said Sangoni. Mthuthuzeli Goso (30) said all they care about is their money. “No one cares about social distancing, not because we are not afraid of Covid-19, but we want our money,” said Mthuthuzeli. He said if their money was deposited in their bank accounts, there would be no need for them to go to the Post Office. “We are not working. We lost our jobs during lockdown, so the R350 will make a huge difference,” he said. Another resident said they come as early as 4am, but they leave the Post Office without getting their money. “We don’t blame the Post Office. We understand that they are doing what they can to assist. Sassa needs to solve this problem,” said the resident. Sassa Eastern Cape spokesman Luzuko Qina said the special Covid-19 Social Relief Grant grant has been implemented from scratch by the agency, meaning from development to payment with all checks and balances. However, Qina said concerning its payment, Sassa has encountered numerous challenges given the type of clients of this grant. “Among others, the majority of them have no bank accounts because they are in dire poverty. Some do not even have cellphones,” said Qina. According to him on approval, a client receives a message advising them to upload a preferred method of payment. “In this regard, some provide us with relatives or friends’ banking details, while others upload dormant accounts which prompted us to divert them to cash payment at the Post Office,” Qina said. He told Groundup that Sassa had on two occasions called on clients to upload their banking details on their cellphones to receive their grants via cash sent. “In the past months, we have seen people change from one bank to another, some from the Post Office to banks, and others the Post Office to cash send,” added Qina.