GOLDEN Arrows chairperson Mato Madlala is said to be relieved to see the back of Steve Komphela, SunSport has learnt. Komphela stepped down as Arrows coach today after 20 months in the job of Abafana Bes’Thende. He was appointed on 28 December 2018 to replace Clinton Larsen, who had also resigned. The former Kaizer Chiefs coach’s departure doesn’t come as a surprise though. Arrows were poor when the season restarted in the bio bubble. They failed to win any matches as the club finished 12 on the log table. They were one of three teams who didn’t win a game with the others being relegated side Polokwane City and Maritzburg United. While Khomphela leaves the club, Mabhuti Khenyeza is said to be his way back to Arrows. Khenyeza, a legend of Golden Arrows after scoring over 50 goals in two stints, has left TS Galaxy and he’s coming to rejoin Arrows as part of the technical team. “The chairlady was deep down happy to see Komphela stepped because he failed to win any matches in the bubble,” said the insider. “Mabhuti Khenyeza is coming to Arrows. Actually, he was coming to coach the MDC team but now since this head coaching job is vacant, Khenyeza may work with Mandla Ncikazi.” It is fair to say to it didn’t work for Komphela and predecessor Larsen had a better results and influence in the side. Embarrassingly, Kompheala’s Arrows crashed out in the first round of the Nedbank Cup this past season at the hands of the SAB League VUT in February this year. They were the first PSL club to lose to the fourth tier side in the SA football pyramid. Arrows also suffered a biggest loss in the club’s history this past season. They were hammered 5-0 by Bloemfontein Celtic in what was the second league game of the season at Dr Molemela Stadium. It surpassed the 5-1 loss the club suffered at the hands of SuperSport United in February 2001. In total, Komphela was in charge of 53 games. He won 18, lost 20 and drew 15 matches in the process. Komphela is said to be heading to Mamelodi Sundowns to be an assistant of co-coaches Manqoba Mngqithi and Rhulani Mokwena. This assistant post is vacant after Sundowns management saw the departure of their larger than life coach Pitso Mosimane resigned few weeks ago to take over at Egyptian giants Al Ahly. Sundowns management then appointed Mokwena and Mngqithi to lead the team as co-coaches for this coming season.