WHEN
a mother realised that she no longer wanted to be in a relationship with her
baby daddy anymore, she ended the relationship. The
mother, Zwakele Ndwandwe from Hlabisa in the north of KZN, wanted peace of mind
in her life. But that never happened. She claims that since she ended the
relationship with her cop baby daddy, he has been trying to end her life.  The
47-year-old mother of three told Daily Sun that she broke up with her
baby daddy in 2018 after she discovered that he was using her car to transport
his girlfriends.  "He
had been using my car as it was kept in his home because I didn't have a garage
in my home. But then I discovered that he takes other women with my car. I then
asked him to give it back to me for one week. And then when the one week ended
he demanded it back. But I refused to give it to him. That was when trouble
began," she said.  She
said the same year in April he burnt the car while it was parked at her
home.  "I
reported the matter to the police. He also admitted to burning my car. But he
never got arrested and I don't know what happened to the matter," said
Zwakele.  She
said there are many things he did including making threatening phone calls.  "I
decided to consult an inyanga who came and put some muthi which prevented anyone
from coming into my home. And then four men were found sleeping at the gate of
my home. When they were asked they said they were sent by him to my home,"
she said.   She
said the men were sent to kill her as they were carrying guns.  "Last
year in February he hijacked me with a police van, took my car keys and dumped
me in a deserted area. I reported that incident as well. The matter was
investigated. This year he was suspended from work and then he was fired, but I
heard that on Tuesday he was back to work. I don't know what happened regarding
the case. The investigating officer in the matter also does not know," she
said.  She
said she feels that he does as he pleases to her because he is a cop.  "I
don't feel safe anymore. Every day I walk around fearing that he might come and
do something to me. I fear that he will end my life and my children will be
left alone suffering," she said.  She
said she has two children with him.  KZN
cops spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that a case of malicious
damage to property was opened for investigation by Hlabisa SAPS after the
complainant’s vehicle was set alight on 7 April 2018.  Mbele
said the docket was closed undetected.  "If
there is new evidence the docket will be reopened," said Mbele. Mbele
also confirmed that a case of common robbery was opened for investigation by
Mtubatuba SAPS. "The
complainant alleged that on 5 February 2019 she was robbed of her car keys by a
known suspect. A 49-year-old suspect was arrested and appeared in court. The
matter was later withdrawn," said Mbele. But Zwakele
said she never withdrew the charges and she has no idea who did.