EXECUTIVE Mayor Kgotso Khumalo (52) and the director of sports, arts and culture Cyril Hendry (54) of the JB Marks Municipality appeared before the Potchefstroom Magistrates Court facing charges of fraud and theft following their arrest today. After being arrested, they were brought to the court by Hawks officials. According to the North West Hawks spokesperson Captain Tlangelani Rikhotso, the arrests emanate from investigations that were conducted by the Hawks’ Serious Commercial Crimes Investigation Unit into a trust account where a total of approximately R5 million intended for the JB Marks Municipality was deposited. Captain Rikhotso said the funds, however, were never declared to the auditor-general. Hawks said through investigations it was discovered that a series of payments were allegedly made from the trust, into the suspects’ private bank accounts instead. “It is alleged that the funds in the trust were misrepresented to appear as if they were being used to pay for services rendered to the municipality, meanwhile invoices were allegedly being falsified. “In some instances, funds were allegedly paid into service providers’ accounts for services that were never rendered, thereafter the money would allegedly be collected by the suspects,” Rikhotso said. Hawks confirmed that investigations continue and more arrests cannot be ruled out. Meanwhile, a 49-year-old official attached to the office of Budget and Treasury at the Newcastle Municipality was released on R50 000 bail following her arrest for alleged fraud. The Hawks National Clean Audit Task Team arrested Dedre van Rooyen yesterday and she subsequently appeared in the Durban Specialised Commercial Crimes Court on the same day. Hawks’ preliminary investigation revealed Van Rooyen had allegedly been withdrawing a second salary from her employer over the period between February 2012 to June 2020 which were additional undue payments over and above her ordinary salary. During said period, Van Rooyen was responsible for payroll functions, which included the payment of salaries from the bank using Payroll System (Sage VIP). She was one of the supervisors that oversaw the day-to-day running of the salaries for the municipality which suffers a prejudice of R3.1 million. She allegedly manipulated the payroll system in order to make salary payments in respect of former employees who were no longer working at the municipality at the time of the payments. Apart from one of these payments, all other payments were paid to her personal bank account. The case against Van Rooyen has been postponed to 1 December pending further investigations.