THREE armed suspects, including a 15-year-old boy, were arrested for robbery yesterday. It is alleged that five men entered into the scrap yard in Verulam, Durban under the pretext of selling scrap metal. Apparently they were in possession of a sheet of metal and a fridge motor which they claimed they were selling. It is alleged that during the negotiations one of the suspects pulled out a gun and held up staff. The other two suspects were allegedly in possession of knives. They then stole four money packets containing notes and coins before fleeing the scene. Reaction Unit South Africa (Rusa) was contacted by the victims. Rusa spokesman Prem Balram said the victims provided reaction officers with a clothing description and the direction in which the men had fled. “The officers cordoned off entry/exits they believed that the suspects would use to escape. Approximately three kilometres from the scene of the robbery, reaction officers noticed five individuals matching the description provided walking on an unpaved road in Hilltop near Trenance Park,” he said. He said two suspects fled into a bush while three of their accomplices were arrested. “One of the suspects was found carrying a blue back pack. Upon searching the bag a firearm containing eight rounds of ammunition, money, knives, cable ties and cellphones were recovered,” he said. He said the serial number on the pistol was filed off. “One of the suspects was confirmed to be a grade 10 pupil at Temple Valley Secondary School in Verulam,” he said. He said they are suspected of being linked to several house and business robberies in the area. KZN cops spokeswoman Brigadier Jay Naicker said the Verulam SAPS is investigating charges of business robbery and possession of an unlicensed firearm and ammunition. “It is alleged that five suspects armed with a firearm and knives entered the business premises on Moodley Lane in Oaklands and demanded cash. They took cash and cellphones before fleeing the scene,” said Mbele. Mbele said the Verulam police and the private security company were alerted of the robbery. “A total of three suspects were placed under arrest. A 36-year-old suspect was found in possession of an unlicensed firearm and eight rounds of ammunition. The suspect will appear in court soon,” said Mbele.