Global Handwashing Day is on the 15th of October and aims to spread awareness on the importance of good handwashing and hygiene. This year's theme, “hand hygiene for all”, follows the recent global initiative encouraging hand hygiene amidst the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. “Our health is in our hands and we need to create a safe environment in both our homes and public areas to be able to have access to good sanitation, hygiene and hand washing facilities. According to UNICEF, handwashing with soap is one of the cheapest, most effective things you can do to protect yourself and others against coronavirus, as well as many other infectious diseases. “Preventing the spread of COVID-19 as well as many other diseases is as simple as a thorough hand-washing,” says Shower to Shower brand manager Claire Bowen. “Education around this needs to start at home and in schools so that it becomes a standard process in life - whether you’re leaving the house or not. Maintain good hand hygiene for improved health and wellness.”  Bowen says that as a brand they’ve invested in a new range of Germ+ Protect liquid hand soaps – all PH balanced and with moisturising oils, making them suitable for use often, and by the whole family.  According to the World Health Organisation and WaterAid, hands are the principal carriers of disease-causing germs. In addition, they list the following facts about hand washing: Lack of access to sanitation and poor hygiene contribute to approximately 88% of childhood deaths caused by diarrheal diseases. Bowen encourages South Africans to rethink their handwashing process, to make sure it’s done correctly: Wet your hands with clean, running water (warm or cold), turn off the tap, and apply soap - Lather your hands by rubbing them together with the soap. Lather the backs of your hands, between your fingers, and under your nails - Rub your hands together, making sure to get all exposed areas for at least 20 seconds. Need a timer? Hum the “Happy Birthday” song from beginning to end, twice - Rinse your hands well under clean, running water - Dry your hands using a clean towel or air dry them.  - Supplied