POPULAR Limpopo vocalist Makhadzi revealed that it has always been a dream for her to be a part of the South African annual music conference, Moshito. The Matorokisi musician was announced as the 2020 ambassador alongside legendary musician Steve Kekana. “Being appointed as the brand ambassador of Moshito alongside the living legend Steve Kekana is a life-changing experience. “It felt like a dream at first and I did not see it coming. It is every artist’s dream to be part of Moshito. I remember how I started in this music industry. “The pain, rejection and discrimination has made me who I am today. I am proud to see that my talent is recognised globally and I will continue giving the people good music aweee,” said Makhadzi. The 2020 instalment of the conference is themed “Preserving our indigenous sounds in the 4IR”, as it plans to recognise and remind all music lovers of the sounds that birthed the sounds of today. Moshito will run from 4-7 November at the Joburg Theatre through a virtual gathering of delegates from Botswana, Canada, Cameroon, France, Germany, Jamaica, Mauritius, Mozambique, Reunion Island, Nigeria, Swaziland, South Korea, Seychelles, Spain, UK, USA and Zanzibar. Moshito chairman Stanley Khoza said: “It’s a great opportunity for me as a young leader of an international conference to have been entrusted with such a responsibility. “I believe that the leaders who built the Moshito vision had a clear structure which today positioned itself as Africa’s premier music market. “Despite the unmeasurable impact of Covid-19 in our lives and as an industry, we have managed as Moshito to find a way of keeping the vision, the brand, the industry alive and vibrant with possibilities. We pride ourselves in preserving our indigenous music and bridging trade experience in the sector. “We export our talents to the world and bring the world to our people through music and programming that is purely designed to embrace social cohesion, ubuntu, and nation branding,” said Khoza. General manager of Moshito, Sina Kwepile, said the 17th annual music conference brings together industry practitioners, experts and talent scouts (booking agents, A&R managers, festival and concert directors) from all over the world. “Unfortunately, this year most of our spectators will be experiencing a hybrid version of the conference due to Covid-19. “Moshito remains the platform that gives emerging talent an opportunity that every aspiring musician should take up without hesitation, which is to present their music in front of industry decision makers,” said Kwepile.