PITSO Mosimane’s resignation as the head coach of Mamelodi Sundowns last week still feels surreal. Mosimane, 56, stepped down as the head coach of the Brazilians after almost eight years at the helm in which he brought a plethora of trophies. The former Bafana Bafana coach, who has won 13 trophies in his coaching career (two with SuperSport United and 11 with Sundowns), has been appointed as a coach of Egyptian giants Al Ahly on a two-year deal. Safa technical committee member Sudesh Singh has written an open letter to share his opinion on Mosimane’s move as the latter ventured into unchartered territory for a Southern African coach. “Let me start by saying it’s a great move by Pitso, yet brave given the expected challenges one would encounter coaching in Egypt, North Africa with a huge club/institution like Al Ahly, ” said Singh. “Pitso will also quickly have to establish a good working relationship with the players, the majority being Egyptians/Arab heritage; add in the huge following this great club has, fans hungry for success, after going 6 odd years without continental success! “Then another key factor overlooked is the huge influence former Al Ahly players/legends have over the club and media. “Add in other key factors like language, cultures, environments, etc then we can understand the magnanimous job at hand.” Singh also pointed out the challenges that lay ahead for Mosimane in North Africa, drawing from his own experiences. “Some crucial challenges could include; racial biases as North African clubs are very reluctant to employ Black African coaches, recently Nigerian legend Emmanuel Amunike was ‘shifted sideways’ at Egyptian club El Makassar from his head coach role. “But I feel Pitso is well equipped to adapt and become successful there. He’s grown so much as a coach, has experienced and overcome many similar challenges through the exploits of Sundowns playing in Champions league over past few years. “I experienced similar challenges when venturing out to coach in Vi?tnam, a first at that time for an African coach to venture into coaching in Asia at professional levels. “Adapting as quickly as possible to local cultures, languages, food, weather/environments etc is critical. “Most foreign coaches either don’t and/or take too long to embrace local cultures, not just football culture but local society at large and how local people live, think. “But I wish the Pitso best. When an institution size of Al Ahly comes calling we don’t think twice. However, he has wished him well, saying “Most South Africans really are not aware of the stature of this great club. Proud of you Mokgotsi, go do your thing."