NEWLY signed Mamelodi Sundowns striker Kermit Erasmus believes he can be one of the best strikers in the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season if he can stay injury-free. Erasmus recently completed his switch from Cape Town City to the league champions in what is believed to be one of the most lucrative deals of this transfer period. The 30-year-old Port Elizabeth-born star has made a bold statement ahead of the 2020-21 season. With the league campaign getting underway this weekend, Erasmus has set himself a target of 30 goals, which has been something rare to achieve in the Premiership “The most important thing for me personally is to stay injury-free,” the striker told his club website. “I want to break the record of being the top goal-scorer by trying to score 30 goals. “With the players around me here, it is possible. “When I look at the quality of players who are around me, the likes of KK (Hlompho Kekana), (Andile) Jali, Mshishi (Themba Zwane), George (Maluleka), (Gaston) Sirino, I believe that the goal of 20 to 30 goals is achievable, and if I can stay injury-free, then why not?” In the PSL history, former Chiefs man, Collins Mbesuma is the only player who has gone closer to 30 goals after scoring 25 goals in the league and 10 in cup competitions, which amassed the tally of 35 goals during 2004-05 season. On Saturday, Erasmus side will kick-off their title defence quest with last season’s runners-up Kaizer Chiefs in a titanic clash at FNB Stadium. And for a player who has made such a statement of scoring 30 goals, he will need to start banging them in on Saturday against coach Gavin Hunt’s side. Last season Erasmus scored 14 goals out of 27 matches in all competitions, despite struggling with injuries. He wants to see himself making massive contributions and continuing where Sundowns left off last season, where they managed to win the treble (Telkom Knockout, Absa Premiership and Nedbank Cup). The former Orlando Pirates star said: “I also came here to win trophies, you know, compete with the best teams on the continent.” Downs have already lost out in the MTN8 title after they were booted out in the quarter-finals by plucky Bloemfontein Celtic 1-0 last weekend. Now the focus will be to do well in the league, Nedbank Cup and also in Africa as they will be participating in the Caf Champions League.