TOP South African boxing trainer Alan Toweel said he is shocked by reasons behind the split with his charge, Sikho “Sequence” Nqothole. The former amateur star from Mthatha in the Eastern Cape announced the split, citing the lack of career growth as the reason. “I have left Alan because we were not on the same page as far as taking my boxing career to the next level. I felt that we were moving at a slow pace. The other thing is we disagreed a on lot of things,” Nqothole said. But when SunSport asked about those disagreements, he was not keen to share them. A surprised Toweel, who guided the fighter to the WBA Pan African and IBO Africa continental crowns, believes there is a third force behind the split. “I was shocked by the reason he left our stable. I did not understand when Sikho says he wants to elevate to the next level because we were on that road. I think there is someone behind this,” said Toweel. “In the past. Sikho has been the most active boxer in the country with two titles behind him. You can check the records. He lost on his quest for a national title. I brought him back from two defeats to win the IBO Africa belt. I don’t understand what he’s talking about when he says I’m moving at a slow pace. He sent me a WhatsApp message saying he is changing stables.” Nqothole has been with the Linden stable since he turned professional three years ago. Their partnership seemed to be working until the shock split. According to the Boxing South Africa 2018 Trainer of the Year nominee, he has been getting along well his former boxer. “Our working relationship has been good. The only disagreement we had was over the purse money on his upcoming contest with Ricardo Malajika. He wanted more than he was being given by the promoter. I convinced him to take the offer and prove it in the ring that he deserves more. But it is what it is.” Toweel thinks the 26-year-old is in a rush to compete at an international level while he still has unfinished business with local opponents.