THE Soweto Derby mind games have started with Orlando Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer arguing that Kaizer Chiefs are the favorites. The two Soweto giants will lock horns on Saturday in an MTN8 first leg semifinal at Orlando Stadium at 3pm. Zinnbauer will face Chiefs Gavin Hunt who will be playing his first Soweto Derby, however, Zinnbauer says Hunt and his charges are the favorites ahead of this titanic clash. “We know Kaizer Chiefs have a strong good team and they also have a coach with a lot of experience in this country,” Zinnbauer said. “He (Hunt) was close to the title he knows my players exactly some of them were in his team last season. “But we have nothing to lose, Chiefs with the same squad we leading the league and they are the favorites.”He continued: "Kaizer Chiefs have an advantage they had one day more. Chiefs (coach) have a lot of games in this country he has a lot of experience. He has been involved in other derbies in his life it may not be the Soweto derby but he is very experienced.” Pirates could be without last season top goal scorer Gabadinho Mhango who got a knock on Wednesday in their clash against Stellenbosch FC. Zinnbauer could not make a clear comment on whether the player will be available. “He will have a scan sorry I cannot answer now. I need to speak to my medicals to get the information I hope it’s good but yesterday after the game it was not.” In the earlier press conference on Thursday, Chiefs coach who won the competition back in 2016 with former club Bidvest Wits this is an opportunity to build momentum. He said: "The MTN8 is a great opportunity to get yourself in a cup final especially so early in a season, which I always think helps momentum going forward. "The good thing is we have two games in the semi-final which gives you a certain perspective because of the home and away situation."For me, being new at the club gives me time to find out about the players a bit more every day, every game, and try to get us into a way of playing which suits the players that we've got.” The two teams will also meet in the second leg of the semifinal on 8 November at FNB Stadium. 