FORMER The Queen actor and media personality Thato Molamu is taking his philanthropic work to a whole new level and has roped in the taxi industry to help him. The actor has taken it upon himself, the Thato Molamu Foundation and various taxi organisations to create awareness about cancer and the importance of early screening and testing. Yesterday, Molamu held a bi-annual fundraiser called Pink Golf Challenge at the Eagle Canyon Golf Estate in Roodepoort, with both the GNTA and Santaco leadership in full support of the initiative. Speaking to Daily Sun, Molamu said the target for the fundraiser was R4 million but due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the lockdown regulations, things had to be pushed back. Molamu confirmed that the money raised for the sold-out golf challenge was between R400 000 and R600 000. He said 128 golfers, both male and female, supported the cause. The awareness campaigns kicked off this week at three mega taxi ranks in Joburg: Bara Taxi Rank, Bree Taxi Rank and Randburg Taxi Rank. “In the area of healthcare, our specific aim is to screen one million women for breast and cervical cancer and 500 000 men for prostate cancer by 2025. This is where our goals in both healthcare and education come together,” said Molamu. “One of the greatest challenges in cancer care is to educate South Africans – especially those in rural and historically disadvantaged communities – about the symptoms of the different types of cancer. “Without this awareness, many seek treatment only when the disease is advanced and symptoms are severe, which compromises their chances of a positive treatment outcome,” he said. The Pink Golf Challenge raised funds for the early detection of three of the most common forms of cancer in underserved communities. The theme is Screen to Save, and Molamu stressed the importance of regular screening for breast, cervical and prostate cancer because treatment outcomes are much better if these cancers are detected early. “While cancer affects people across age, race and gender barriers, diagnosis and treatment in South Africa continues to be skewed by socio-economic factors and limited access to quality healthcare. Also, few realise that cancer causes more deaths in South Africa than HIV/Aids and TB combined,” he said. “We have partnered in this effort with the taxi industry to inculcate awareness, and encourage voluntary testing, among campaign the taxi drivers who are vulnerable to the disease as they spend the better part of every day sitting for hours in the driving seat as they travel from one city to another across the length and breadth of our country,” he said. “The foundation is humbled by the generous endorsement from both the GNTA and Santaco leadership which is in full support of this initiative,” he said.