IT is now up to DA elective congress delegates after two candidates vying for the top job poured their hearts out in a last ditch attempt to win votes just before voting opened. While interim leader John Steenhuisen warned members not to discuss internal issues on social media and in the media but rather focus on growing the party, his rival KZN MPL and former youth leader Mbali Ntuli argued that different opinions in the party were healthy and should not be shunned. Steenhuisen told delegates that under his leadership when he took over just over a year ago, the party did not shy away from challenges and dealt with them head-on. He did not mention the challenges. The messages gave delegates a taste of the public debate which Ntuli had challenged Steenhuisen to. The debate was muzzled by the party. Steenhuisen said since he took over, gone are the days where activists and ground forces were treated as survey workers and where people were being parachuted to positions ahead of hardworking members. “In the many virtual and in-person meetings I have held across the length and breadth of this country, I reaffirmed my deep commitment to restoring discipline, including message discipline. “We must stop talking only to ourselves and we must stop talking to the media about our internal party matters. From now on, every single DA member must focus on the voters, all of them,” said Steenhuisen. Ntuli’s message takes the party in a different route. She said she would work to unify the organisation and make everyone feel involved in the decision making. “I ran my campaign showing that what I want for this party is for everybody to feel included. I don’t think that disagreements or seeing things differently is a bad thing. “The idea of diversity as part of our principle is one that should be cherished the most as the Democratic Alliance. And I want to move our party into a place where everybody feels they have equal ability to say what they believe the Democratic Alliance should be and how we should be talking to the voters on the ground,” she said. Ntuli said the party existed to talk to the voters and she believed the party had good people with good intentions who have dedicated their time to the party. She said many in the party had sacrificed time with family because they believed the party’s prosperity would ensure that they, and the country, would enjoy prosperous lives. “We have great governance, where we have been able to show citizens that they need to lend us their votes,” she said. She reminded the delegates that she had been in the party for 14 years and as someone who has had access to all communities in KZN, the party could be everywhere to win voters. She said the party needed to show voters that it will fight for them to win even those votes it lost in the previous elections. She said if the party could get voters excited about it again despite what happened the previous year, and make them look at the party differently, this was possible. “I am asking as your leader to give me an opportunity to show you that I will be in every community doing that. And I know that it’s been hard. I know it’s been tough but we can’t stop because we are tired. We will only stop when we are done and have achieved a strong and fair society,” she said. Ntuli remained resolute to challenge interim leader Steenhuisen, who took over after former leader Mmusi Maimane resigned from the party last year. The party has also seen other senior black leaders resigning from the party, like John Moodey, citing that black leaders who supported Maimane were being purged. Voting is currently underway and will close at 5pm. The results will be announced tomorrow afternoon.