ZAMBIAN striker Mwape Musonda has hailed Black Leopards fans for helping uplift his career during his four-year stint with the club. Musonda has now left Lidoda Duvha to join Hatta Club in UAE Arabian Gulf League. The 29-year-old player wrote an emotional farewell letter to thank Leopards chairman David “Homie” Thidiela for giving him a chance to resurrect his career after being dubbed a PSL reject. This was after he failed to live up to expectations when he joined Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in 2015, where he made only two appearances. Musonda regained his confidence as he scored 16 goals in the 2018-19 season to win the Lesley Manyathela award, and he left Leopards with pride having scored a total of 50 goals in 107 appearances. Said Musonda: “In August 2016, I arrived at Leopards as a PSL reject ready to take up a new challenge, far from home. “I would have loved to stay because it has become a home for me. I am a Leopard, but circumstances led me to seek a new destination.” Musonda saidd that his stay in Venda was the best in his career, so far. He added: “Today, I say goodbye to a magnificent club and family. “I want to thank my chairman and father, Mr David Thidiela, for taking me in and giving me a chance when everyone else wouldn’t. “Today, I leave a better person and I will take with me many memories and great moments that will live with me forever. Thank you for the life lessons and guidance baba (father). My time at Leopards has been the best years of my career.”  The soft-spoken player said he will miss the incredible atmosphere at Thohoyandou Stadium whenever Leopards are in action. “I want to thank the fans, you are magnificent. I got goosebumps whenever I walked into a packed capacity Thohoyandou Stadium, and you gave me another level of energy to do well for the club. “The support you gave me personally and the team is phenomenal. It’s unfortunate we couldn’t bring any silverware to the club during my time. “But I know and believe that with your continued support the club is destined for greatness,” he said. Musonda said helping Leopards avoid relegation via the play-offs was the proud moment in his career. “The privilege I had of wearing the armband and leading the team as your captain when the ship was sinking has been without a doubt the proudest achievement of my life. “I thank all my teammates. You guys are great footballers with so much talent. Thank you so much, until we meet again. I wish you well and stay blessed.”