What does health mean to you? It may mean
different things to different people. For me, and at my beloved Eco Diva
Natural, health means happiness. Health means feeling vibrant and self-empowered.
Free of aches and pains. Free of skin conditions. Health means the continuous
search for perfect balance in everything we do and everything we are. I believe
that with balance, comes a unique radiance, a lighter energy, an inner and
outer glow. For me, health has everything to do with
a holistic approach to life, with focuses on skin health, gut health and
wellness (or mind health). This month of October is a highlighted
month for breast health awareness. I choose to focus on my breast health every
day and, at Eco Diva, we do this through our #FLY slogan which means; FIRST
LOVE YOURSELF. This slogan resonates with me because
#FLY means the importance of self-care and the ability to spread our wings and
manifest our dreams. With self-care comes the ability to be healthier, more
present and more aware of others and the environment. This means a more
conscious choosing of your life’s experiences. More kindness to self and
others. I feel that life happens through us, not
to us. We are not victims. We are Manifestors. We are creators of our own
reality. We are the choice to be happy and healthy. Our breasts are super-smart and
multi-faceted and should be treasured and revered as the magical artworks of
nature. They are the givers of life, the feminine silhouette and the protection
of our precious hearts. So how are you taking care of yours? Whether you are
male or female, breast health should play an uber important role in your daily
health regime. So, how do I take the best care of my
breasts? 1. I start with my skin. The skin being the largest organ of the
body, absorbs everything that is applied to it, so it’s important to be mindful
of the skincare and personal care products we use on any areas of our body,
particularly near our breast tissue. The skin is one organ that houses all of
our other organs, as well as our muscles, bones, blood and tissue. For example,
if you apply cream to your face, the whole organ will be affected either
positively or negatively, depending on the ingredients in the products. If
you’re unsure whether a product will be right for you, adopt a way of
mindfulness and quietly ask yourself’; Will
this product be good for my overall health? If you are quiet, you will always receive the answer in the form of a ‘knowing’ or ‘gut’ feel. Either a yes, or a no. Listen. The body speaks clearly. Take deodorant for example. It only gets
applied to our armpits, so you wouldn’t assume it might affect other parts of
our body. But, the armpits contain lymph nodes that connect directly into
breast tissue. Breast tissue also affects the lungs and so on, down or up the
body. Now imagine chemically created ingredients,
that are not in alignment with our molecular structure, as well as metals that
are almost impossible to eliminate being applied to your armpits to stop odour
and perspiration. Metals like aluminium (that stop sweat - linked to breast
cancer) and chemicals like parabens, tricoslan, TEA & DEA, all known carcinogens
& toxic to the human body. These toxins travel via the lymph nodes and land
up stuck in your breast tissue. Then day after day, more is applied and
compounds over years of use, with nowhere to be eliminated. It’s no surprise
breast health has become such an issue. For my best health, I always read the
ingredients on any skincare or personal care labels before I buy them. If I
don’t know an ingredient, (you usually can’t pronounce them), the chances are, 
they may be toxic and could be dangerous to my health when used over a long
period of time, like every day for years and years. If you don’t know an ingredient, and
you’re not yet quite trusting your intuition - get googling. Type into the
search engine ‘is aluminium in deodorant harmful to health ?” Here’s an answer
that popped up: ‘ There are two main health issues usually cited when talking
about aluminium in deodorant: Alzheimer’s disease and breast cancer.” 2. I choose foods that resonate with health. Foods rich in nutrients. Live foods (raw) that offer the highest levels
of vitamins & foods that are packed with anti-inflammatory and detoxifying
properties. I choose 80% plant based foods. 3. I choose to be mindful. Being mindful keeps me in check all time. I’m mindful of what I’m thinking, how I’m
speaking, what I’m choosing, what I’m doing. I prefer to be a human being than
a human doing. It just makes me feel healthy. Here’s my top 6 breast health tips: 1.     
Skin: Choose natural, healing skincare & personal
care products 2.     
Gut: Eat for health. Choose foods that
support your health rather than deplete your health. Foods that are rich in
phytonutrients, vitamins and minerals (fruits and veggies) 3.     
Mind: Be mindful. Become conscious of what you
are choosing, what thoughts you are creating and how you are feeling 4.     
Supplement: Choose vitamins and minerals to
supplement your diet if you feel you need extra support. Supplements like Omegas,
vitamin B, vitamin E, spirulina, chlorella and Tissue Salts. All these help to
support overall health, that includes breast health from the inside out. 5.     
Love: Choose to love your breasts, no matter
their shape and size. They are yours and they are yours to love or hate. Choose
love. Show your breasts how much you love them by performing regular checks
(feeling for lumps), gently massage your underarms and breasts with healing
body oil or body butter to feed the skin from the outside in. 6.     
Seek advice: Visit your preferred health care
professional if you have any doubts or questions. Seeking early detection also
means prevention and makes it easier to heal, than if left unattended for years
to build up in the breast tissue. Always be mindful of holistic solutions.
Integrative solutions are best for per[pH]ect balance. -  Supplied By Nicole Sherwin. Founder, Eco Diva Natural BU  