THEY say your vote is your secret, right? But maybe not for Themba Zwane, who revealed he will be going against the unwritten rule in the upcoming polls for the PSL Player’s Player of the Season awards. “To be honest, I will be voting for Lebogang Manyama for the Player’s Player of the Season, ” the Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder said right away. Receiving the South African Football Journalists Association (Safja) Footballer of the Season award yesterday, Zwane nailed his colours to the mast. Despite winning as many as eight illustrious trophies so far with Sundowns, Zwane hasn’t bagged a major individual title. And he isn’t blowing his own trumpet. “Manyama has been doing well for his team,” he continued. “He has been creating, scoring crucial goals, and making his team play. “He has a lot of energy and he is improving with each game.” Manyama, the Kaizer Chiefs attacker, is one of the five players touted for major individual awards. The list also including Zwane, his teammates Hlompho Kekana, Chiefs striker Samir Nurkovic, and Peter Shalulile, formerly with Highlands Park and now with Downs. While football awards often spark debate, the Player’s Player category barely leaves questions as players aren’t generally guided by loyalty. Zwane is considered an overwhelming favourite for the PSL Player of the Season award, following a sterling season with the Brazilians. Zwane, a man of few words, revealed the secret to his team’s success, without overstating his contribution to the treble accomplishment. “It’s the understanding between the players and the technical team, ” he explained. “It’s the communication and the mentality which is different at Sundowns. It’s the fighting spirit.” It is the same culture Zwane is hoping to inculcate in the new signings. The reigning league champions have recruited no fewer than eight players, including goal poachers Shalulile, and Gift Motupa. “They’ll increase the competition in the team and that’s exactly what we want because we compete in many tournament, including the Champions League. “The games are too many and so we’d want for the newcomers to adjust quicker,” added Zwane.