A SUDDEN change in your finances can worsen your anxiety and stress levels. DebtSafe’s 2020 Financial Reality research found that many South Africans experience financial stress when confronted with unexpected events. For example, more than 74% of people confirmed that the coronavirus pandemic caused a crisis in their finances whereas 53% said it had negative effect on their overall emotional well-being, with 48% saying their stress levels went up. In the spirit of Mental Awareness Month, we asked Carla Oberholzer, advisor at DebtSafe, to help us with practical steps you could take to help ease stress and sort your financial problems. Oberholzer said one of the main reasons people sink into debt was unforeseen emergencies. She said this year has also added more than its fair share of financial stress for consumers. So, how can South Africans go about dealing with financial strain and limit debt stress, especially after an emergency or crisis has occurred? She gave us four financial pillars of support: PILLAR 1: IDENTIFY First things first – people must identify the level of their debt-filled problem. As nerve-racking as it is, they have to try and take a deep breath, step away from the negative and overwhelming feelings and prepare their thoughts for what they are about to do. There is, unfortunately, no use in playing the ostrich and avoiding the “confrontation”. As soon as they compose themselves as best they can, they can analyse their situations by calmly talking through their scenario and answering a few questions in the line of the following examples: • What has just happened? (A consumer has to acknowledge that a crisis was out of their control, but that they can get a grip on the situation/get their head around the situation. This can ease unnecessary anxiety in the process.) • What is the best way to deal with this sudden change? (This question can motivate consumers to make room for some brainstorming, AKA preparing themselves that a plan is about to take place.) • What is the best way to recognise/pinpoint those stress-related emotions and dealing with the financial situation in the process? (Consumers are familiar with their own needs, and know what can work and what won’t work for them.) • Is there enough household income still available this month/these upcoming months? (Getting their head around the entire financial situation and implications.) • What do their various expenses entail and how many bills need to get paid/serviced? (Referring to credit agreements, debit orders or service agreements, etc.) PILLAR 2: ACTION After the financial problem or situation has been identified, it is important for people to put some planning in place and to act. Just like identifying the problem, planning also includes a few questions and answers to action these questions. For example: • What areas can be explored or considered to cut expenses? (Limiting items on shopping lists, using less energy-hungry household appliances, or cancelling unnecessary subscriptions, for example. These types of solutions can also calm the consumer – knowing that action is taking place to help fix the situation and NOT make it worse.) • What can each member of the household do to save more money or boost the current household income? (Using less fuel by making fewer travel trips and adding those savings to other needs/bills and not wants, or by using available resources and entrepreneurial skills to add money to the household’s “financial bucket”, for example. The feeling of unity and support is indeed helpful to ease frustration, anxiety and stress.) PILLAR 3: KNOWLEDGE Sudden changes in circumstances can give consumers the opportunity to better plan for their financial future. Yes, dealing with change is not easy but seeing the experience as a learning curve can indeed set forth a boost of confidence to be better prepared for any future financial problem or misfortune. Consumers have to remember to learn from experience, to gain and apply knowledge in the process, and to avoid past mistakes when they get confronted with unforeseen events. PILLAR 4: SUPPORT As the regulating body of the credit industry, the National Credit Regulator has said people should not go it alone and rather get the necessary debt counselling that they need to not allow any more suffering, anxiety, or drowning in severe debt to occur. Professionals, such as financial planners, bankers, and registered debt councillors are a phone call or email away from helping consumers to fix their debt-filled situation. Do not feel guilty asking for the necessary support to tackle debt problems. Assistance from the right professionals can, in the end, ease the concerns and anxiety often experienced by people.