FOLLOWING a successful collaboration with young local designers, Pick n Pay Clothing has launched its second wave of collaborations and has decided to collaborate with fashion designer Katekani Moreku. The 29-year-old designer, who is no stranger to the spotlight, captures his perspective of a united South African heritage through his collection. Katekani, who is launching his first ever commercial range, told Daily Sun his collections are inspired by local cultures. “My childhood involved a lot of moving around with my mother as she was trying to make ends meet. That created opportunities to meet people from different walks of life and the privilege to learn about different cultures within Mzansi,” he said. ALSO READ | PRINCE KAYBEE REVEALS GIRLFRIEND The talented designer, who studied fashion at the Durban University of Technology, said he is excited for his biggest launch into the industry. He told Daily Sun his creativity is inspired by the beautiful culture of Pulana in the region of Manyeleti where he was largely brought up, and its take on sustainable living. “The Pulana culture is one of the African cultures that dabbles in the use of bright and bold colours. The women also combine scraps of fabric and plastic material to create traditional attire as they can’t always afford material for new clothing. “When I started studying in 2015, I could not afford to buy material for my projects, so I began collecting old, leftover or discarded scraps of fabric to create collections of colour prints and hats. I used plastic maize meal packaging for my first collection.” Katekani, who now has a range at one of South Africa’s biggest clothing stores, shared that he hadn’t ventured into business before this collaboration with PnP Clothing. “I only designed garments on request. This project has been about contemplation, collaboration and how I can take my brand forward commercially. “I’m used to doing everything on my own, but with this project I got to learn how a team of people get to work together to bring a collection to life. And being around Gavin is always a new learning experience on how to be a creative entrepreneur.”. The Pick n Pay Clothing x Katekani range is available in 48 selected PnP Clothing stores while stocks last. The range will also be available online.