ON SATURDAY, the old man’s Mamlambo went missing and he spent Sunday looking for it. On Monday, the old man warned the kasi that if his snake was not returned to him, there would be serious trouble. AND ON TUESDAY A TORNADO FROM HELL STRUCK! “We thought we were dying,” Mbiki Hokomane (41), one of the illegal dwellers in Marikana outside Bophelong in the Vaal, told Daily Sun. “At about 6pm the heavy wind started. When we went out to check, we saw the tornado. “We went back to the house. But our shack rose into the air and was swept away by the wind.” When the old man – known only as Ntate Mosotho ekasi – discovered his beloved Mamlambo was lost, he walked around looking for it and asking residents to help him find it. It appears the old man felt people weren’t taking him seriously. He warned them he’d perform a miracle so they’d listen when he spoke. And the next evening the tornado struck, leaving dozens of shacks destroyed. When Daily Sun visited the area the next day, the sound of hammers striking nails could be heard everywhere. People were fixing their shacks, nailing zinc sheets back into place again. Mbiki’s brother, Meshack Hokomane, believed there was a tornado because they disrespected the madala who wanted his snake back. “When the madala came around, he even left his number so people could call him if they found the snake,” he said. Meshack said the madala had left for Lesotho, but their problems were far from over. “The angry madala said more disasters were going to happen if his snake wasn’t returned to him,” said Meshack. “He said if we don’t call him when he comes back a bigger tornado will happen.” Thabo Dlamini (30) said many families had lost their shacks. “We’re lucky that some of us got our shacks after many parts were blown away,” he said. “Some couldn’t find theirs at all. We hope we can get some assistance from Good Samaritans to help families rebuild their homes.” The People’s Paper tried to reach the madala, whose phone was off. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi Nsimbini told Daily Sun the Mamlambo hadn’t been stolen. “In fact, it ran away. The man didn’t follow correct procedures, and when that happens the snake goes away. “The only way he can get the Mamlambo back is if he does a ritual in the right way, and the snake will return to him.” Nsimbini said innocent souls would get hurt if the ritual wasn’t performed. “People want things they can’t manage. This guy will get people killed. The Mamlambo is angry.” 