THE Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) regional secretary in the Western Cape Banzi Dambuza is gatvol with the City of Cape Town for opening beaches without lifeguards. Dambuza is gatvol after a man drowned and could not be saved because there were no lifeguards. He accused the DA-led government of fighting for the opening of beaches to the public, yet they knew they are not prepared to ensure the safety of the people. “Again the DA has proven that it carries no interest of our people at all but the part that carries the interest of the white capitalist pockets. When they opened everything they wanted the capital to gain money and black people to lose lives,” Dambuza said. He said the City has issued a notification that more swimming pools are to be opened but the safety of the people is not guaranteed. “Nothing is indicating that there will be proper safety for our people. There are no strong measures here to protect our people,” said Dambuza. Dambuza was approached by the family of Thabo Qoza (25), who died at Mnandi Beach on 11 September. They complained to him saying their son would have been saved if there were lifeguards at the beach. Cameron Benn (34) from Mitchells Plain, who witnessed the drowning, said it was a sad scene. “He cried for help while trying to swim but nobody could help. There were no lifeguards but only law enforcement officials, I was hurt that a person just died like that. I’m a father and I thought how would it feel if it was my child,” he said. MMC for Community Service and Health councillor Zahid Badroodien said the City is aware of the drowning incident. He said beaches were officially opened under national lockdown alert level 2 in August but they have not deployed lifeguards. “The City of Cape Town plans lifeguard deployment for the coastline annually in line with the school holiday dates. Therefore, the City is currently in the process of recruiting, vetting and training lifeguards and the intention is that they will be deployed from 23 October at certain beaches and tidal pools around the city, based on the Drowning Prevention Plan. “This coverage will be daily, from 10am until 6pm, until 12 April 2021,” he said. Badroodien said the City urges visitors to the beach to only swim where and when lifeguards are on duty, between their red and yellow flags designating safe bathing areas.