FORMER president Jacob Zuma has been issued with summons to appear before the Zondo Commission in November. Chairman of the State Capture Commission, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, told the inquiry today that he was satisfied that a case for the authorisation of summons was made out. “Having read the affidavits placed before me by the legal teams from both parties, I’m satisfied that this is a matter in which I should grant the application. “I’m satisfied that a proper case has been made out for an order authorising that the secretary of the commission should sign and issue a summons against Mr Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma, former president of the Republic of South Africa, to appear before the commission at 10am from 16 to 20 November 2020 in this venue on each one of those days,” said Zondo. He said he was duty-bound that he must take steps to get Zuma to come and testify. “If I don’t do that I will be failing in my duties,” he said. Zuma’s lawyers were not present at the commission but had filed an affidavit opposing the application. Zondo said Zuma has been implicated in many issues, including interfering with state owned entities, allowing Guptas to appoint ministers and taking bribes. “I need to look at all of those things. How can I ignore all of those things? I’m doing my job to establish exactly what happened so that I can prepare a report that is based on evidence that is presented by a cross-section of people. If he is implicated I’m giving him an opportunity to come here and clear his name. “I want to know what he says about those things. He might say he does not want to clear his name. I want to know what he says about those things that have been said,” said Zondo. The commission’s legal team had argued Zuma could not, by law, refuse to appear before Zondo. Evidence leader Paul Pretorius told the commission that Section 3 (1) of the Commission Act gives Zondo powers to compel any witness to appear before him. “The commission has the power of the court law to compel attendance by way of summons,” said Pretorius. He said the issue of a summons may be effected for the purposes of ascertaining a matter relating to the commission’s investigation and was a reasonable exercise. He said a person who is subject to such a summons has every right to deal with those matters either before the chairman or a court of law. “There is no question of any legal infringement of anybody rights,” said Pretorius. He said the commission has already issued 2 500 summonses to people to appear or produce documents before the commission. Zuma has been implicated by 34 witnesses in corruption. He wrote to Zondo last week asking him to recuse himself due to his “biased disposition” towards him. In a letter drafted by his legal team, Mabuza Attorneys, Zuma said he felt that he has been “targeted” by the Zondo Commission. Pretorius said Zuma’s evidence was both necessary and desirable for the work of the commission. In his order, Zondo said the former president can elect to give evidence via video link if he cannot attend in person.