VIOLENT taxi wars could soon be a thing of the past if a historic lekgotla achieves its goal of formalising and regulating the taxi industry. Virtually addressing the legotla at the Birchwood Hotel in Boksburg, President Cyril Ramaphosa said government would pay renewed attention to supporting growth in the sector. “I’m pleased access to finance and skills development will be discussed, because they’re crucial in determining whether a fledgling taxi business succeeds. “Formalisation means greater regulation and the brief that must emerge from this lekgotla must be anchored in the rule of law. “We must eradicate illegal operations that affect the industry and government and are a catalyst for conflict.” Formalisation would not only benefit operators, but also workers, who’d benefit from UIF and the skills development levy. It would also give owners access to financing, so they could remove unreliable vehicles from the roads. “What we strive for is for all forms of public transit to be integrated to allow people to seamlessly make use of all modes available,” he said. “It’s only through an integrated system that we’re able to offer the best value for money and convenience to the public.” The proposals received the thumbs-up from Santaco. Secretary general Philip Taaiboos who said government should move quickly. If formalised, the taxi industry will be able to receive government subsidies, as bus and train companies already do. Transport Minister Fikile Mbalula said it was time the industry was regulated to end violence. “This taxi lekgotla is meant to address challenges facing this industry and achieve consensus on the blueprint of the future taxi industry anchored on formalisation.” He said talks were ongoing with the National Taxi Alliance, which boycotted the lekgotla. He said although they weren’t there, decisions would apply to them. Alliance spokesman Theo Malele said they’d been treated unfairly by Mbalula, who only recognised Santaco. “We had a cordial meeting with the minister on Wednesday night and we gave him our position. “We’ll abide by the decisions taken in the lekgotla as long as they’ll be positive for the industry.”