DESPITE not have won a single at home in their two friendlies against Zambia and Namibia, where they conceded three goals and only scored twice, Bafana Bafana coach, Molefi Ntseki, is not panicking and reckons they would still be ready for Sao Tome and Principe double-header, whom they play back-to-back in their 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers next month. Bafana will host the islanders on 9 November and visit them on 17 November as they fight for qualification to the top African nations tournament. But their 2-1 loss to Zambia's Chipolopolo, under Micho Sredojevic in Rustenburg on Sunday, doubts have been cast against Ntseki's team. There have been a number of excuses from the match, which came days after their 1-1 draw against Namibia's Brave Warriors at the same venue on Thursday. "We will be ready for Sao Tome, locally the PSL is starting next week, the coaches and physical trainers will prepare the players, and we can only benefit from that on the physical side of it," said Ntseki following their shock loss, which featured a full complement of Bafana players. "Tactically they (Bafana players) responded very well. Going to Sao Tome, they will be ready physically. What you've seen today (Sunday), we are at the level where we want to be tactically, but we cannot have a tactical endurance because of the physical level, which we are at. Come Sao Tome we will ready to compete to win." Responding to their performance against Zambia, Ntseki blamed their loss on a number of tactical changes following the injury of Lyle Foster. "In terms of performance we're not happy with ourselves," he said. "But there are many factors that contributed to those kind of performances. One, you lose a striker in the first two minutes of the game (which) comes out to be a big setback because you have to juggle around tactically, and the bigger challenge we had, according to our data analysts, our players are not at the level where most can play 90 minutes. "So we struggled to put in a striker and put in another midfielder - Thabiso Kutumela - as a striker. As early as the third minute of the game then our tactics were not as we had planned. "Zambia were highly physical, you can tell they have been in camp for too long and the motivated to play to win matches. Zambia stun Bafana Bafana at Royal Bafokeng https://t.co/OlbcRR5vUG  "We gave away many turn overs and in midfield. We played like a team with no confidence, which was a very big concern for us when it comes to our team preparation and playing in the game. But we must give credit to the players when it comes to the technical aspect of the game. We only had two training sessions before Namibia. "If you look at the time we had to prepare the team and what has been happening in the country, coronavirus and the lockdowns, tactically we had it right. I don't want to complain too much on physical side of it, but it's a fact that we're not at the level where we can compete at an international level, from the physical side of it. "That is why we've brought people to analyse the (players) data  and the scores from GPS. If we can come back a better team physically, then we can give a good account of ourselves."  