SUPERSPORT United will need to pick themselves up, dust themselves off and get back in the saddle. This is according to their coach Kaitano Tembo following his side’s 3-1 defeat to Golden Arrows in a DStv Premiership clash on Wednesday. The Matsatsantsa a Pitori mentor wants his charges to quickly forget about that setback, painful as it was, and focus on their next assignment. The Tshwane outfit can’t afford to dwell on the negatives as they look to defend their MTN8 crown. They face Bloemfontein Celtic in the first leg of their semi-final at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Tembo, who was not impressed by his side’s performance against Arrows, demands better against Celtic. “It was just a flat performance,” said Tembo. “We never really got going at any point, but that’s also a credit to our opponents who really put us under pressure and we cracked. “The goals we conceded were really disappointing and we didn’t deserve to get anything for our efforts.” SuperSport are eager to reach their fourth successive MTN8 final, their third final under the stewardship of Tembo. They won the competition in 2017, where they beat Cape Town City on penalties in the final before the Citizens exerted revenge in the 2018 final. Matsatsantsa, who have made a reputation as “Cup Kings” of late, were back in final last season where they beat Highlands Park to once again lift the coveted trophy. They have an opportunity to make even more history by reaching their fifth final in eight years – no other team have ever been to more finals of this competition since the telecommunication company took over in 2008. Tembo, however, is aware that Phunya Sele Sele will not make it easy for his side. “I’m expecting another tough game,” added the Zimbabwean mentor. “We need to recoup and we need to be fresh because that will be a huge game for us. I think we need to be fresh for us to put out a much better performance than we did last time out.” Meanwhile, Celtic, under coach John Maduka, also head into the clash smarting from a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Swallows FC in the league. They will be hoping to get back to winning ways and give themselves a chance of reaching their second cup final in just two months.