A crucial decision by the Emirates Lions to go for the win rather than a penalty that could have ensured a draw backfired on them as the Sharks held out to win 19-16 in their Vodacom Super Rugby Unlocked match in Durban on Friday night. The Lions won a crucial penalty with time almost up on the clock, but backed their scrum, which had been dominant all night to do the business. But on the third reset, a collapse on the far side was seen as their fault, and instead of glory, they conceded a penalty that gave the Sharks the moment to send the ball into touch for the victory. Referee AJ Jacobs’ decision won’t go down well with Lions fans, who saw their side come out on top for most of the night in the setpiece, but it was a brave decision nonetheless. But it also was a sigh of relief for the Sharks coaching team, who watched their side explode onto the park early on, take a 13-3 lead into halftime and then give up that advantage to eventually grind it out in the end. The Lions had their chances, most notably in the first half when Rabs Maxwane was forced out in the corner in what would have been an excellent try, and then in the second half when captain Elton Jantjies could have levelled the scores with a penalty that hit the post from right in front. While the penalty at the end will peeve them, they will look back at the penalty that hit the posts as one that probably was more costly for the side. Still, while both sides looked a bit rusty, there were some excellent cameos – most notably James Venter for the Sharks who won a crucial turnover on the stroke of halftime to deny the Lions valuable points and Sikhumbuzo Notshe, whose darting runs were sublime. On the Lions side, an early injury to Dillon Smith meant that Morne van der Berg had an extended cameo, and he made the most of it with some telling tackles and a few turnovers as well. We even got to see Burger Odendaal step in the midfield, something he never was able (or allowed) to do in the years he spent at Loftus Versfeld. But it is clear that with more time, the players will become better, and adapt to the breakdown laws a lot better as well. Still, it was the Sharks who tried to force the pace early on, and had the majority of possession in the opening 30 minutes, opening their account as a blindside move saw Werner Kok take the perfect last pass from Lukhanyo Am to score early on. Two penalties from Curwin Bosch pushed them further ahead, while Jantjies added one for the Lions.  The Maxwane try and the Venter turnover would have seen them ahead if things didn’t go against them on the Sharks tryline. But they managed to strike early in the second half when Jantjies, sensing a bit of panic in the Sharks defence, sent a kick to the touchline, which fell perfectly for Jamba Ulengo to score. The accuracy was sublime, especially in the split second Jantjies made the decision to punt. From there it became a ding-dong battle of the boot, with both sides adding penalties until Jantjies hit the post. And then the final scrum settled everything, finishing the game on a dramatic note and relief for the home side. SCORERS Cell C Sharks  - try: Werner Kock. Conversion: Curwin Bosch. Penalties: Bosch (4) Emirates Lions – try:  Jamba Ulengo. Conversion: Elton Jantjies. Penalties:  Jantjies (3). -supersport.com