SUPPORTERS of former president Jacob Zuma will be taking to
the streets on Friday to call for State Capture Inquiry Chairman Justice
Raymond Zondo to recuse himself from the proceedings and for the inquiry to be
dissolved. The Gauteng RET President Zuma Support Group said they will
be marching to the hearing venue to handover a memorandum to Zondo himself and
then proceed to the Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng office to handover another
memorandum. The supporters in a statement alleged that Zondo has
displayed bias against Zuma to a point where the integrity of the commission
has been compromised. They further said Zondo has targeted Zuma publicly to a
point where the inquiry is no longer balanced, objective, and neutral in the
manner that it has conducted itself since its inception. The supporting said there are some who have shown disdain
towards the commission such as Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan but
Zondo has not seen it necessary to summon him or address him through the media
like he has done with Zuma. In addition there are others who have written to him wanting
to testify but Zondo has not bothered to give them the opportunity to help the
commission. “Among those (are) Mr. Lucky Montana (who had written two letters
to the Commission to that effect), but the Commission does not seem to be in a
rush at all to call them. There are other persons such as Brian Molefe and
Arthur Fraser who have literally pleaded to appear before the Commission, but
the Commission had not seen it necessary for them to be called,” said the
group. They said in the case of 
Molefe, he has actually provided the Commission with a thirty page
affidavit, but he was not called by the Commission to appear before it during
the critical enquiry into Eskom. “We are convinced that the reason for this extraordinary
step, to ignore an absolutely crucial witness with regards to Eskom, is because
of those who are implicated in the said affidavit by Mr. Molefe. The only rush,
and urgency, to get a very specific witness before it, has singularly been
reserved for President Zuma,” they said. The group they planned this protest and handing over of the
memorandum to coincide with the application by the commission’s evidence
leaders to have Zuma subpoenaed. The call for Zondo to recuse himself by his group came on a
day when the Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Mhlanganyelwa Zuma Foundation said it was
concerned by the evidence leaders’ intention to submit to the commission that
Zuma be summoned. Of concern to the foundation was that the dates which they
want Zuma to appear he will be overseas for medical attention and his lawyers
have stated this in their previous correspondence. “Unfortunately, the Chairperson refused to believe that
President Zuma was genuinely ill and sought to meet his doctor, an undertaking
he has failed to meet. It is unprecedented for a Judge to appoint himself to go
and meet Doctors to prove that indeed Former President was sick, he was not
telling lies. “A question that the legal team might need to deal with is
whether The Chairperson of the Commission can informally nullify his own ruling
and simply move on?,” the foundation said in a statement. The commission said it was regrettable that the evidence
leaders has “smuggled” a new application with the same dates, without
acknowledging its errors as the original one has become moot. “ We are utterly disappointed with this back-hand approach
by such an important legal forum. It confirms our fear that this Commission
seeks to prejudice President Zuma in every respect,” it said.