THE road to SA idols SA season 16 winner is getting closer as the contestants fight for the number one spot. The theme of the night was lockdown hits.The first one to perform was Jooma who did a rendition of Sabelani by Loyiso. Randel said it was a good perfomance and Unathi agreed with him. Somizi also agreed with them. “One thing you are still doing right is the level of versatility. Keep your eye on the price,” he said. Next to perform was Bongi who sang Stand up by Cynthia. Unathi said her performance was powerful. Somizi also agreed with her. “The beauty about this is that there is a future beyond this, and you can do anything,” he said. Zanothando sang Black Diamond and Miss Pru’s Price to pay. Somizi said it was a good performance while Randel said he was restrained. Be followed with a performance by Boo's Up Ella Mai. Randel said it was a good song choice. “It was a different version and you kept up,” he said. Unathi said she plays the song everytime on her radio show. “You deserve to be here next week,” she said. Somizi said that she missed the Be from the auditions. “Go back to the auditions and bring her back. The one who is hungry and who sings,” he said. Ntokozo performed Kelly Khumalo’s Happiness. Somizi said he loved the performance. “The singer who sang the song was angry and Ntokozo got the brief,” she said. Branden chose Justin Bieber’s Sorry. Somizi said vocally it was a good perfomance, but he wasn’t free. “You have arrived, stop performing like you are going to get a golden ticket you are young, and you will get voted for,” he said. Ndoni performed Amanda Black’s Ndizele Wena. Randel said it was a good perfomance, but she must work on her mike operation. “Keep people guessing and show them something new,” he said. Unathi said it was her best performance of the season. “If I ever get married again I would want you to sing this song,” she said. Zama perfomed Say so by Doja Cat. Unathi said she showed versatility in a song they didn’t expect.“You inspire most of us,” she said. Somizi said she must change her name to Yenza (do it). “I am a fan and I am going to buy your album when you release it,” he said.Mr Music closed off the show with Intongingawe by Sun El Musician Ami Faku. Somizi said there is something distinctive about his voice.“You sing Zulu so beautiful, congratulations well done,” he said.Randel said his personality is unique.Mzansi said goodbye to Succedor who was eliminated at the end of the show.