DSTV Premiership newbies, Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), will launch their presence in the PSL on Saturday when they take part in the season opening MTN8 quarter-final clash against defending side, SuperSport United However, the chaotic atmosphere at the club indicates the Limpopo outfit are not ready for life in the elite league, just yet. On Monday, Norman Mapeza, who was set to be unveiled as coach, left in a huff without saying goodbye. Hot on the heels of his departure is Oupa Manyisa, the high-profile signing who joined on a two-and-half year deal from Mamelodi Sundowns, who’s reportedly not part of the club’s plans. Not long ago the club parted ways with their spin-doctor Tshidino Ndou, who announced his resignation from the club on social media before submitting letter to club boss Mosala Mulaudzi. Manyisa was left in Joburg on Monday when the team travelled back to Polokwane for their last camp before this weekend’s match. Our source said Mapeza was not satisfied with the club’s facilities and administration of technical matters. “And also, looking at the mandate he had been set for him, he felt it was not realistic for him to achieve under the circumstances,” said our deep throat. “The team is currently in camp at the Ranch Resort in Polokwane and Manyisa was left behind to sort out personal issues with his manager. “The club want to compensate him as they are looking to release him. There’s a lot that is currently going on at that club. “Hopefully they will get it right soon.” Yesterday technical director, Joel Masutha, who is in charge of the team as they continue with their search for a coach, denied news that Manyisa was leaving. Masutha said: “Oupa is part of us. He is part of the team. He has been training with us, and also played our last training match (against Jomo Cosmos). Masutha said the players will be ready for SuperSport at the weekend with the hope of causing an upset. “We are going to face a strong team, defending champions. I think it came at the right time. We will test our strength against them,” he said. “We didn’t have enough time to prepare, but we don’t want to use that as an excuse. For soldiers, it doesn’t matter when war will erupt, they are always ready for any eventuality whenever they are called, it’s the same with us, we are ready.”