YESTERDAY marked exactly six years since former Bafana Bafana and Orlando Pirates captain Senzo Meyiwa was killed. He was shot in the home of his then girlfriend, singer Kelly Khumalo, in Vosloorus in Ekurhuleni. SINCE SENZO’S DEATH, SOUTH AFRICANS HAVE BEEN CALLING FOR JUSTICE AND FOR THE KILLERS TO BE BROUGHT TO BOOK. And it seems justice might be served. READ: CHICCO: I HOPE PEACE WILL VISIT MY FAMILY! Police Minister Bheki Cele announced the first five suspects have been arrested. Briefing the media yesterday, Cele said the suspects were arrested between 8am and 10am yesterday in Gauteng and KZN. “The arrests are as a result of a multi-disciplinary integrated approach to this investigation, which is working closely with the Directorate of Public Prosecution. “The police service and the prosecution team are confident that we have a water-tight case against all five suspects,” he said. Speaking to Daily Sun, Sello “Chicco” Twala said: “I hope this will bring us peace. Like I said before, social media users who are full of hate implicated my son. These are very vindictive people who’re out to tarnish people’s images.” Chicco said he co-operated with the police at all times and was happy justice was finally being served. He said he’d like to meet with the Meyiwas, who believed his son was behind the killing. “Senzo was like a son to me. He used to come to my studios,” said Chicco. “I didn’t even get to attend his funeral because of all these false allegations.” But not everyone is buying into this new breakthrough in the Senzo case. One of these people is Sangoma Skhunisivuthemanzini Mkhize from Meadowlands in Soweto. Earlier this year, he told Daily Sun arrests in the Senzo case were imminent. However, he said the bones were not satisfied with yesterday’s arrests. ALSO READ: ZODWA WABANTU'S EX-BEN 10 PAYS LOBOLA! He told the People’s Paper the bones said the person who killed Senzo hadn’t yet been arrested. “The police still need to dig deeper. The bones say the person who killed Senzo is still walking free. He said the bones were not confirming the story. Cele said despite heavy criticism from some quarters, he’s always maintained that he was satisfied with the investigation. He said speculation was rife as the case attracted media attention and leaks. AfriForum praised the South African Police Service for the breakthrough in the Senzo Meyiwa murder case. Yesterday at a briefing attended by Advocate Gerrie Nel and Sifiso Meyiwa, Senzo’s brother, expressed gratitude towards the SAPS and AfriForum. “In the view of the established cooperation between our legal team from AfriForum and the SAPS, we remain hopeful that more arrests will follow,” he said.