FIVE people were arrested in connection with the attacks on the R80 highway! Gauteng police commissioner Lieutenant-General Elias Mawela has commended the tireless efforts of the Tshwane District Detectives led by newly appointed district commissioner, Major-General Hilda Mohajane. Police operation led to the swift tracing and apprehension of the suspects behind the spate of armed robberies and other serious crimes in the Theo Martins Poort - Magalies Mountain area along the R-80 Mabopane highway. Police spokesman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters said the arrests came from the urgent intervention by the cops after Major-General Mohajane had last week assured the victims and the public that police would, as a matter of urgency, heighten visibility and intensify crime prevention operations in the area. “An intelligence-driven operation on Wednesday, 14 October led police to the suspects’ hideout in Marabastad where three suspects were traced and arrested. “The other two suspects were already in custody following their earlier arrest on two Hercules cases of May and August this year,” she said She said the subsequent centralisation of related dockets from Hercules and Akasia to district level, followed by the meticulous analysis of the modus operandi and the cooperation of the victims, saw the five suspects being linked to various cases. “The cases include a September 2020 Akasia case of armed robbery, kidnapping and murder; and a number of other serious and violent crimes mostly armed robberies and robbery with a weapon other than a firearm,” she said. Peters said investigations continued as police believe that more victims could still come forward, while also not ruling out the possibility of more arrests. “The five suspects are expected to appear in the Pretoria Magistrates Court soon,” she said. She said the police wish to emphasise to mountain users to exercise greater caution and not expose themselves to criminals who see anything as an opportunity for crime. “Should there be a need to visit the area, users are urged to rather do so in groups and to avoid embarking on any activities at night when it is dark,” she said. She said the heightened visibility and crime prevention operations in the area will continue for as long as is necessary.