IDOLS top eight brought the show to a halt with a sizzling performance on Sunday. They gave an explosive opening group performance with as song by TNS ft Mpumi titled Umona. Their stellar performance was followed by a guest performance from Focalistic and VigroDeep, who knocked it out of the park. First to perform from the contestants was Bongi with Zandi Khumalo’s ‘Ngiyakuthanda’. Mr Music who was performing Sjava’s ‘Ngempela’ got thumbs up from Unathi who said he did very well. Somizi said, “Try changing your genre we want to see your emotional or your spiritual side, but besides that you are the best,” he said. Randal said he loved the performance too. Zama gave a rendition of Finally by Thabsie. Somizi said he feels sorry for south Africa because she has already made it. “We are enjoying you and you are just beautiful,” he said. Randal said he liked the fact that she is soft. “You flow and don’t pretend to be someone else,” he said. Brandon performed Musa’s ‘Angsakwazi’. Somizi said he enjoyed it vocally. “I enjoyed it you, need to understand how to use the stage, and connect with your audience. You have the warmest and a beautiful voice,” he said. Jooma gave a passionate performance with slick moves and pristine vocals as he did UncleSego's 'Lady Lady'. Once again, Jooma had the judges heaping him with praise not only for the performance, but his stage presence. “What a perfect song for you,” gushed Unathi on his song choice of ‘Lady Lady’, calling his performance flawless. Somizi was equally impressed, calling him a magician, while Randall commended him for showing different dimensions without losing his core style. ZanoThando performed ‘NaLingi’ by Manu Worldstar. Somizi said it was a sexy performance even though he felt his voice needed some warming up. Randall was impressed that he had heeded last week’s advice, by shrugging off last week’s restraint and going for it. Unathi added that it was his best performance yet because he had given it his all. During the top nine performance, Unathi said being emotive was Ntokozo’s superpower and this week the judges felt she had certainly lived up to that power as she sang ‘Focus’ by H.E.R. Randall said she had certainly stepped up, while Unathi said she had given him goose bumps. Ndoni closed off the top eight performances with ‘Inyanga’ by CiCi. Unathi commended her for her song choice, adding that she was a charming performer. Somizi was equally impressed, calling her rendition beautiful as Randall noted that she had improved over the weeks but needed to perform with the conviction that she deserved to be on that stage. “It was another exceptional week of exceptional performances,” said Nomsa Philiso, director of Local Entertainment Channels at M-Net. “I think the judges are right to say the viewers will not have it easy when it comes to voting because this year is brimming with talent. “Still, the voters are the only ones who will decide who becomes the next SA Idol, I urge them to continue voting,” she said. 