SELF-PROCLAIMED Prophet Shepherd Bushiri told the court he had no reason to evade trial as he is convinced he will be acquitted of all charges. In his bail application affidavit, he said he is not a danger to society and is being prejudiced by being incarcerated. His wife, Mary, has told the court through her bail affidavit that her minor kids are being denied the company of their mother while she is incarcerated. She said she has shown she adheres to bail conditions and has not committed any crimes and therefore should be released. The couple made an appearance at the Pretoria Magistrates Court yesterday for a bail application. They were arrested on Tuesday by the Hawks. Bushiri, his wife Mary and Landiwe Ntlokwana are facing charges of fraud and money laundering amounting to R102 million. The state told the court that the content of the affidavits of the defence read out in court to oppose the application, was the reason for the request of the postponement as the information must be verified before the court accepts it. The court heard in Mary Bushiri’s affidavit that she has been living in Tshwane since December 2015. She said she believes the state does not have a strong case against her. She added that she is not involved in the day-to-day dealings of the businesses in this matter. Mary also mentioned that she has never been convicted of any crimes. The court also heard that accused number three Ntlokwana is a self-employed financial consultant. She said she has a Bachelor of Commerce from UCT and a masters from Unisa. Ntlokwana said she was employed by Allan Grey as a client relationship manager and she registered a company called GTT Wealth. She has worked as a volunteer at ECG. The state said they request the postponement because they were not on the first day of the appearance ready to present evidence for the court to make an informed decision. The state alerted the court that the Bushiris’ children are visiting the country and that they will need to be taken back to Malawi. Representing the three accused, Advocate Anneline van den Heever argued why the accused should be granted bail. She said they are not a flight risk and there’s a lack of sufficient evidence presented to the court by the state. After hearing both arguments, the Magistrate Thandi Theledi said they need to decide on another date for the state to argue its case in the bail application. She said accused one and two, Joseph and Zethu Mudolo, will appear on 30 October for a formal bail application and suggested they proceed then. Van den Heever submitted that bail is always urgent. She said they wish for the matter to proceed on Monday. Van den Heever argued that for the matter to be postponed until Friday would mean the state has been granted their application for the postponement. The magistrate said as long as Van den Heever agrees that they will wait their turn because there are other matters. She said there is also a possibility that the matter will not be heard because of time. Van den Heever said they are willing to take the risk. The magistrate postponed the matter to Monday. The three accused will remain in Kgosi Mampuru II prison for the weekend.