IT is El Clasico’ Clock! The most-watched club game in
world football is back as Barcelona face arch-rivals Real Madrid at the Camp
Nou on Saturday (SS4, 4pm). It is an unpredictable,
live-action drama shown all over the world by over 100 LaLiga partners, now
into its 90th season. The El Clasico saga has given
fans a stream of incredible storylines over the years, including the greatness
of legends such as Johan Cruyff, Alfredo Di Stefano and more recently
Ronaldinho, Sergio Ramos, Lionel Messi and Ronaldo. The first El Clasico of the COVID-19 era Watching El Clasico seemed
unlikely just months ago with the world in lockdown during the global COVID-19
pandemic. But LaLiga’s comprehensive
#BackToWin strategy ensured that the 2019/20 LaLiga Santander season could be
completed in just 39 days without a single positive case and the start of the
2020/21 new season. “We are more than happy with
the return of football in a new season and very excited about what many coins,
‘the best game in the world’,” said LaLiga South Africa Managing Director
Marcos Pelegrin. “During the initial lockdown
the organisation worked tirelessly to ensure football fans stay up-to-date and
most importantly entertained, through many digital activations and global
campaigns. Now, the football spectacle is back, and we are ready for action!” The stars of El Clasico As always, the greatest stars
in world football will be on show for the millions of viewers around the globe. Superstars such as all-time El Clasico top scorer and six-time Ballon d’Or
winner Messi and Ramos, the man with the most El Clasico appearances in
history, are back this season, as are established international stars like Luka
Modric, Gerard Pique, Karim Benzema, Frenkie de Jong and Thibaut Courtois. Add in the fact that this
season’s ElClasico boasts some of the most exciting young talents in world
football, teenage prodigy Ansu Fati, Sergino Dest, and at Real Madrid Norwegian
wonderkid Martin Ødegaard and Vinicius Jr. Where to watch El Clasico No matter their location in
the world, a potential audience of 650 million fans will be able to watch El
Clasico like never before. Over 100 El Clasico-themed
actions are being organised across the world, among them a public viewing for
up to 700 fans in Shanghai, watch parties in Vietnam, Dubai, South Africa,
Nigeria, Kenya and other locations across the African continent. Over in Latin America, fans
will be able to enjoy the action from the comfort of their own cars in a series
of drive-in cinema locations across Mexico, Colombia, Ecuador and Argentina. LaLiga will roll out red carpets at well-known landmarks in the United States,
United Kingdom, India, Australia, Senegal, Colombia and Tajikistan. 