AMAZULU have extended the contract of former Bafana Bafana left-back Tsepo Masilela by giving him a one-year deal. The 35-year-old joined Usuthu last November on a one-year deal until end of this past delayed season. That actual contract expired in June but because the Premiership was not completed in that specific period due to Covid-19 pandemic that saw the PSL’s 2019-20 programmes suspended, Usuthu were given an option to extend the contract for further two months in order to complete the season in September. Masilela, who was without a club when he joined AmaZulu after he was released by Kaizer Chiefs at the end of 2017-18 season, went on to feature in 11 matches as Usuthu finished 13th on the table. “Masilela is staying with us and we have given him another one-year deal,” said coach Ayanda Dlamini. AmaZulu, who on Friday were bought by Zungu Investment Company (Zico), which is chaired by Sandile Zungu from the Sokhela family and from Spar, are also assessing former Free State Stars and Highlands Park tough-tackling midfielder Makhehleni Makhaula. The Durban-based outfits are also assessing former Chiefs and Cape Town City striker Siphelele Mthembu, which SunSport reported last week. “Mthembu is doing well but you can understand he has been out of the game for a long time and it will take him some time to regain the fitness required,” said Dlamini, who was a striker in his playing days. “He played a friendly match on Thursday and his progress is very slow. But as a club, we are going to give him a chance to continue to train with us.”  Dlamini, who was initially appointed by Usuthu on a caretaker coach in February before given a three-year deal by the previous regime last month, has been assured by the new management that they’ll back him in the market after the chairman Zungu pronounced on Friday that a top four finish this coming season was their target. “We are going to sit down with the chairman and I’ll let him know about my wishes because we got players I wish we need to strengthen in the team,” said Dlamini. “Once I’ve done that, then I’ll hear from him what he says and see if those wishes can be achievable or not.”