AMAZULU coach Ayanda Dlamini was undaunted by the top four finish in the new DStv Premiership, which was mandated to him by the club’s new owner/chairman Sandile Zungu. Dlamini said this can be attained in this upcoming season if they share the same spirit the players showed in the bio safe bubble that was required to complete this past season in Gauteng due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Zungu was confirmed last Friday as the new owner of Usuthu after he completed the takeover through his company, Zungu Investments Company (Zico) from the Sokhela family and Spar. After he took the reins, Zungu did not mince his words and stressed a top four finish this coming season is the goal for the club, and if they don’t achieve that, then Dlamini would have failed. He also added that if the Bafana Bafana team of 2030 doesn’t have at least four AmaZulu players in the starting line-up, they would have also failed the club. However, this didn’t perturb Dlamini who took over the hot seat in February on an interim basis before being given the role permanently last month. “It’s not an easy challenge, obviously from being relegation candidates for many years and go straight to the top four. It’s not going to be easy,” admitted Dlamini, who saved Usuthu from the relegation axe last season to finish 13th on the table. “But it is something that we can do. Having said that, it is something that we as a team have spoken about even before the new owners arrived. Working together we can do a lot more.” There’s already something to build on for Dlamini and AmaZulu. On Sunday, the club confirmed that Sinethemba Sithebe has been called up to the Bafana squad for two friendly matches against Namibia today, and against Zambia on Sunday with both games to take place at Royal Bafokeng Stadium. Sithebe becomes the first player from AmaZulu to be called up to the national team since June 2015, when then Bafana coach Shakes Mashaba called up Marc Van Heerden and Bongi Ntuli for the 2017 African Cup of Nations qualifiers.