WE KNOW virgin hair wigs are expensive. Friends and families sometimes even borrow wigs from each other. The reasons for this may vary, from not being able to afford a colourful wig that you will only wear once, or perhaps you have a special event that requires you to have a certain look but you can’t afford an expensive wig. Well, now there is a solution for this predicament. A wig rental company called Hair.Me.Out has found a way to solve this problem for many women. A rental a day keeps your budget at bay!!???????????? . . It’s really all about cutting costs where you can! Great hair is for everyone to experience! Book your HMO unit with us today and let’s get you on the fast track to fabulous but affordable hair!! (Contact details in bio??)?????????? #BeWhoYouWantToBe #HairMeOutZA A post shared by  Hair.Me.Out (@hairmeout_za) on Aug 19, 2019 at 12:32am PDT  You can rent a wig for a specific look you want to pull off. It might be an event you are attending, a photo shoot or maybe you are simply heading to a party. To rent a wig you will have to fill in a request form from the Hair.Me.Out website which will be followed by a quotation for the wig you want and the agreement form. The company delivers the hair and an inspection is done upon delivery. #FAQ It’s a really simple process?????? . . 1. Fill out a booking form. 2. Make Payment 3. Receive Wig along with an Agreement Form . . So if you’re keen to rent out any one of the styles we’ve put up on our page, just drop us an email??; Whatsapp?? or DM?? and we’ll be sure to get back to you in no time!! #HairMeOutZA #BeWhoYouWantToBe A post shared by  Hair.Me.Out (@hairmeout_za) on Jul 23, 2018 at 12:25am PDT  The rental price ranges from R100-R300 depending on the number of days you will be renting the wig for. The wigs are kept clean and if you are renting it, you are provided with a wig sock to put on before you wear the wig. The wigs are washed and treated by professional hair gurus after every rental. Absolutely not?????? Hygiene is our number one priority, therefore when we deliver any HMO piece to a client, a full inspection is conducted by both the HMO representative and the client to ensure that the hair is in good condition and smells great! . . A brand new wig cap is also provided along with the wig where we encourage the client to wear it before wearing the rented wig. Upon return, we advise clients not to wash or treat the hair as we have professionals who assist us with washing, treating and styling the pieces to perfection. . . So drop us a line and let us know what look you’d like to rent out this season!! Contact deets in bio??!!!???????????? #HairMeOutZA A post shared by  Hair.Me.Out (@hairmeout_za) on Feb 27, 2019 at 10:46pm PST 