THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) has suffered a huge blow with the end of the Telkom Knockout! But PSL chairman Irvin Khoza is looking on the bright side. He stated that the loss of the tournament would ease the fixture congestion expected this coming season due to the coronavirus pandemic that forced the PSL to suspend all football in March for almost six months, and delay the start of the 2020-21 season. Yesterday Khoza confirmed the Knockout will not take place in the 2020-21 season. The PSL cancelled the annual league cup following the withdrawal of Telkom as the official sponsor of the competition. Telkom opted not to renew their partnership with the league, ending a 14-year relationship. However, Khoza assured that the cup competition will be back under a new sponsorship in the 2021-22 season. He said this is good news for the PSL as this will give them more space in the congested fixture schedule since the league is set to start later this month. Said the PSL boss: “The isse of Telkom is a blessing in disguise, because it gives us the dates to decongest the fixtures list as best as we can to finish the season by latest in early June. For now, this year we did not want to have that space occupied, because of the congestion that we have already experienced. “We are constrained as the PSL, which I did indicate in one of my press conferences that we don’t have Telkom anymore as a sponsor,” said Khoza at a press conference yesterday. Absa, who sponsored the league, also left and has been replaced by DStv. The league will now be known as DStv Premiership for the next five years. Khoza added: “Telkom has been a very good sponsor but they are out. “I can announce that next season, somebody is going to take the space of that competition.” The 2020-21 Premiership will kick-off on the weekend of 24 October, with the MTN8 competition starting a week earlier on 17-18 October. The chairman said the league is already engaging various stakeholders including government, Safa and other role players in preparation for the kick-off of the new season. “We are currently waiting for the new directives from government,” Khoza said. “I would like to thank Sports Minister Mr Nathi Mthethwa, Safa and our sponsors for their co-operation in this process.”