SELLO “Chicco” Twala is hoping peace will visit his family following the arrests of five people linked to Senzo Meyiwa’s murder. His son Longwe has been implicated in the October 2014 shooting of the Orlando Pirates and Bafana Bafana captain at his girlfriend Kelly Khumalo’s home in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni. Speaking to Daily Sun, Chicco said he is glad police have made arrests. “I hope this will bring peace to us who have been murderers in the streets”, he said. “Like I said before, social media users who are full of hate implicated my son. These are very vindictive people, who are out to tarnish people’s image” he added. Chicco said with all these false allegations, he always co-operated with police and he was glad that justice is finally served. Earlier today, Police Minister Bheki Cele briefed the media on the update of the case as it marked exactly six years since Meyiwa was gunned down. Cele said after gathering enough intelligence, information, and evidence, he is happy to announce that there has been a breakthrough in the murder case. He said the first five suspects have been arrested between 8am and 10am yesterday in Gauteng and KZN. “These arrests are as a result of a multi-disciplinary integrated approach to this investigation which is working closely with the Directorate for Public Prosecution.” “The South African Police Service and the prosecution team are confident that we have a water-tight case against all five suspects,” he said. He said despite heavy criticism from some quarters, he has always maintained that he was satisfied with the murder investigation because it was progressing well. The minister said speculations were rife, the case also attracted much media attention and media leaks touching on some aspects of the investigation. “We really condemn these leaks and strongly believe that information may have been leaked to derail the investigations. This is why moving forward, the investigation team will be considering opening a case or cases of defeating the ends of justice to ensure such leaks never occur again,” he said. Cele said despite this interference, the Cold Case Team persevered. “I have, on numerous occasions, also expressed my confidence that those suspected of this crime will be found and brought to book,” he said.