HEALTH Minister Zweli Mkhize has strongly denied allegations of receiving R6,5 million from businessman Edwin Sodi while he was ANC treasurer-general. Sodi this week told the Zondo Commission his company, Blackhead Consulting made payments to ANC and government officials between 2013 and 2019, including to Mkhize. In a statement yesterday, Mkhize said he’s had media queries about Sodi’s R6,5 million payment. “I never received funds from Sodi, either personally or through a third party for my benefit. During my tenure as ANC treasurer-general, Sodi, like many other businesspersons and organisations, made donations to the ANC. “When I took over as treasurer-general, Sodi’s contacts were on the ANC donors’ database as one of the people who donated to the ANC. This database was kept by the finance office through public fundraising events the ANC held. That is how we would contact people or companies and invite them to events. “During my tenure as ANC treasurer-general, Sodi directly or through his entities made the following donations to the ANC (this information has been verified with the ANC Finance Office): R3 million - 28 Feb 2014 R3,5 million - 03 April 2014 R1,5 million - 29 Sept 2015 R150 000 - 08 January 2016 “I state categorically the payments were deposited directly into ANC official bank accounts. I assume the name Zweli Mkhize was used by the donor as a reference, given my capacity at the time. All donations we received were made voluntary, they were never transactional or linked to securing work from government. “Outside of having noted Sodi as a donor to the ANC during my tenure as treasurer-general, I have no personal, professional or business relationship with him. I have never been party to any of his business dealings nor have interacted with him at a personal level. “I also noted the senseless statement by the DA that it will report me to Parliament because of these donations made to the ANC. In the process, it would assist the DA to properly understand the rules of Parliament. At the time the ANC received these donations, I was treasurer- general, with the specific role of raising funds for my organisation. I was not a MP and did not benefit directly from these donations from Mr Sodi. There is no parliamentary requirement for me to declare all the donations received by the ANC during my tenure.” The health minister said where unlawfulness and wrong-doing has been found, law enforcement must investigate. He said matters relating to Sodi were now before the courts. “This legal process should be allowed to run its course without being muddied by mischief and misinformation that drags individuals’ names where there is no evidence.”