PROPHET Shepherd Bushiri revealed that he made peace with his accusers. This after several people accused him of defrauding them through an investment scheme. In a four-minute video posted on Facebook, Major 1, as Bushiri is popularly known, said these people had also apologised to him. He alleged that the accusations were a plot spearheaded by Incredible Happenings Ministries leader, Prophet Paseka “Mboro” Motsoeneng, to tarnish his name. “You are aware that for the past three weeks we have been getting accusations from various sources that are sponsored directly or indirectly by Prophet Mboro against us, more especially myself, that I defrauded people from my church,” he said. Bushiri added that it was shocking for his accusers to apologise. “When these people came to me, they indicated that they were recruited to say that I had defrauded them. “I have accepted their apologies and the church has accepted their apology and life moves on,” he said. Daily Sun contacted two women who claimed Bushiri defrauded them. Gladys Ngobeni claimed that Bushiri defrauded her of R132 000, but all was now well. “I met with Major 1 on more than two occasions. I was paid my money, which was R140 000. We are at peace and I apologised for everything. “We were not even at war with him, but we learnt along the way that Prophet Mboro had issues with him or rather they had some disagreements,” she said. Taxi boss Felicia Sibeko, who claimed she was defrauded of R130 000 after she sold her taxi, said she was in talks with Bushiri, but nothing could be confirmed yet. “I have never apologised to him, but we are talking. We will let you know when something happens,” said Felicia. But Mboro denied recruiting any of the complainants. He said they went to him looking for help from him as president of church mandate Turn Around Movement. “The allegations Bushiri is making are untrue. These people lost their money, opened cases and they did this all by themselves. “I didn’t force anyone to go to the police station nor did I ask these people to come to me,” he said. “I am glad he paid them back. That’s what I was fighting for all along. Bushiri must pay all the people who are complaining.” Provincial police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele said the complainants should get in touch with the investigating officer handling the inquiry and notify him of new developments. “Once they have done so, the officer will then guide them on a way forward,” said Makhubele.