KAIZER Chiefs are miles away from the team Gavin Hunt wants them to be! But as the Chinese proverb goes, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. It is safe to say the journey to league redemption didn’t get off to a bright start for Amakhosi as they went down 3-0 to rivals Mamelodi Sundowns at FNB Stadium on Saturday. But the heavy scoreline is perhaps a reality check they needed as they get on a journey to right the wrongs of last season. “We are miles away... very far from what I expect from a team, what I know a football team needs. We are nowhere near. You can play badly, but the aspect of mentality is very important,” said Hunt. “No excuses. But in saying that... there is a lot I want to say but obviously, it’s not right to say it in the media.” “There is a certain element of a game of football that you need and I know what it is. We’ll keep striving to get there.” Chiefs started the season on a high, booking themselves a semi-final spot in the MTN8. But the false start in the DStv Premiership race would have certainly left the Amakhosi hierarchy concerned. Losing their opening match to the Brazilians would have left a bitter taste in the mouth after what happened in the league last season. It is even worse that Hunt can’t bring in new players and improve his squad, having identified areas of concern. However, he has refused to make excuses, knowing the Fifa transfer ban against the Soweto giants might not be lifted. “It’s well-documented. I don’t really want to go there. We all know what the situation is. It is what it is,” said Hunt, not for the first time. “You have to do the best that you can, be brave and come back again. There is no excuse for it. We knew the problems from day one. We ended up with six academy boys on the field, so you have to start building. You’ve got to start somewhere. “You’re playing against a team that’s invested very heavily in their squad as you can see their bench, so we were up against it. So we have to dust ourselves off and go again.” Hunt will most likely ring the changes for the upcoming Chippa United fixture on Wednesday, as he looks for that winning formula.