Discerning Avon customers who have always yearned to adorn themselves with the most coveted designs by David Tlale are in for a treat following the announcement that The world’s fourth biggest beauty company has collaborated with internationally acclaimed fashion designer, David Tlale! David Tlale x Avon has launched a selection of items for the fashion-savvy customers; ranging from classy designer swimwear and handbags to fragrances and perfumes. #davidtlalexavon The new Exotic Fragrance out Now....?? A post shared by  Tammy Bhana (@tammybhana) on Oct 11, 2020 at 6:20am PDT  Fashion and style lovers who have always yearned to adorn themselves with the most coveted designs by Tlale are in for a treat. The announcement of this ground-breaking collaboration was made to the media and celebrities in the fashion industry at a glittering ceremony held in Johannesburg. The partnership between Avon and Tlale is the first collaboration of its kind at Avon and in the direct selling business in South Africa. In terms of the partnership, Avon customers will for the first time get an opportunity to directly purchase these sought after accessories from their Avon Beauty Entrepreneurs or from any of the company’s digital platforms, including the Avon ON app and the Avon Store. #davidtlalexavon #watchmenow A post shared by  Ayanda Nino Maphosa (@nino.ayanda) on Oct 10, 2020 at 4:05am PDT  “Avon has a proud and illustrious history of being a company for women that has continuously used the power of beauty to change people’s lives. This partnership with an internationally renowned fashion icon gives us an opportunity to reaffirm our drive to democratize beauty for millions of our customers and to contribute meaningfully to the empowerment of our Beauty Entrepreneurs and the female economy. We are looking forward to continuing to harness our expansive footprint and the power of our brand to make a positive difference in the lives of those we touch,” says Mafahle Mareletse, Managing Director of Avon Justine South Africa. Such a vibe ??♥? #DavidTlaleXAvon #buylocal @AvonSouthAfrica @DAVIDTLALE pic.twitter.com/uv1xAACJvw  The items that will be available for purchase in the inaugural collection include a scarf, a tote bag, a sling bag and a pair of sunglasses. Avon’s digital and e-commerce platforms have been enhanced to offer a seamless and pleasant customer experience. By using a digital solution known as Direct Deliveries, customers who opt to purchase online will receive their orders directly from Avon. This platform is available at www.avon.co.za #DavidTlaleXAvon #WatchmeNow A post shared by  Avon South Africa (@avonsouthafrica) on Oct 10, 2020 at 8:08am PDT  “This pioneering partnership is a trailblazer in Avon South Africa and it represents our ongoing efforts to offer our customers cutting-edge products that meet and exceed their expectations. Through this partnership, we are bridging the fashion divide by facilitating access to a range of chic and trendy accessories that our consumers would not ordinarily have access to. This collaboration with the beloved fashion icon gives us an opportunity to support homegrown talent and also gives expression to our quest to provide premium products to our customers without breaking the bank,” adds Mareletse. According to the findings of a study by global market research and consumer data company Statista, the fashion industry in South Africa raked in revenues of R9.6 billion in 2019 from the sales of footwear, apparel, bags and accessories, up from R7.8 billion generated in the previous year. The study further found that consumers aged between 18 and 24 accounted for 29.6% of the sales, while those aged between 25 and 34 were responsible for 39.5% of sales in the period under review. Let the show begin! #DavidTlaleXAvon#WatchMeNow pic.twitter.com/Cke0zHvsJ0  “For Avon, this partnership represents a natural synergy between one of the world’s biggest beauty companies with a proud South African heritage of innovation, and a household fashion house that has redefined South African style and put Africa on the international stage. For more than 130 years, we have transformed people’s lives and have been the agents of positive change that have unashamedly championed the causes that resonate with women. Through this partnership we are putting women at the epicenter of everything we do – we are unlocking Her potential and giving Her the push to make it easier for Her to earn a decent income. We are excited to embark on this journey and we believe that this will have positive spinoffs for all our stakeholders,” says Mareletse. Something for the ladies !!! #DavidTlaleXAvon pic.twitter.com/oOMXfDRnGn  “As a fashion house, the David Tlale brand has always sought to break the mold and associate themselves with institutions that have served as benchmarks in the fashion industry. Our partnership with Avon mirrors our aspirations of taking our brand to the next level by leveraging the ubiquity of the Avon brand and the desirability of our offerings. Avon Justine has a single-minded purpose of empowering women, and it is these values that attracted me to join forces with the company. This is a win-win partnership in which our broader base of customers will ultimately benefit,” says Tlale. The pricing for the collection is accessible to customers and Avon Beauty Entrepreneurs through the Avon brochure and digital platforms. Ladies and gentleman a @DAVIDTLALE x @AvonSouthAfrica Exotic Fragrance ??. It smells divine!!! #DavidTlaleXAvon #WatchUsNow pic.twitter.com/vz3w0CUf1T  “We are excited to be partnering with Tlale on this venture and we are looking forward to a new chapter where we will provide our customers unmatched and bespoke offerings that are in line with our brand promise of Stand4Her. At Avon, we are unwavering in our quest to empower our Beauty Entrepreneurs and continuously explore ways of enhancing their earning opportunity. We believe that we will meaningfully augment their ability to bolster their revenue - generating capacity by giving them the opportunity to tap into the fashion-conscious and aspirational youth market,” Mareletse concludes. This exclusive collection is available to purchase online at www.avon.co.za, or through a local Avon Representative from the 1st March. Early access and orders can be done at www.avon.co.za/davidtlale to also get your order delivered for free. Guys! @DAVIDTLALE has partnered with @AvonSouthAfrica and he’s brought out an outstanding perfume range with fire packaging ?????? Black child, it is possible ♥? #Buyblack #buylocal #Entrepreneur #DavidTlaleXAvon #GirlTalkZA pic.twitter.com/WyfhD1Fiat For more, follow the hashtag #DavidTlalexAvon on social media. Support Local :) 