BANYANA Banyana stars continue to take the world by storm, making an impact in various leagues across Europe already this season. SunSport looks at a few of the players who have given impressive performances for their respective sides in recent weeks. Jermaine Seoposenwe Seoposenwe, who joined Portuguese outfit Sporting Braga a few months ago after leaving Spanish side Real Betis, seems to have settled well to life in Portugal. The 26-year-old made her competitive debut this past weekend for Sporting as they secured a 3-1 victory over Ovarense in their Portuguese Liga BPI opening match. Although the Banyana star did not find the back of the net, she was a constant threat to the opponents and she managed to last the 90 minutes. Seoposenwe had shown her quality following her fantastic displays in the pre-season, where she made a great impression for Sporting. Thembi Kgatlana The 2018 Africa Women’s Footballer of the Year joined Spanish outfit Eibar from Portuguese giants SL Benfica a few months ago. And she has wasted little time making a great impact in Spain, with an impressive pre-season. She will be hoping to get off to a good start when competitive action kicks off in the Primera Iberdrola in a few days. Kgatlana’s Eibar start their 2020-21 season with a clash against Real Betis at home on Sunday. Rhoda Mulaudzi Having finished as the top scorer in the inaugural Safa Women’s League for Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies with an astonishing 36 goals in 18 appearances, Mulaudzi has not taken her foot off the pedal since her move to Belarus. She has taken to life in Europe like a duck to water as she continues to bang in the goals for her new side Dinamo-BSUPC. Mulaudzi, alongside compatriots Lebogang Ramalepe and Bambanani Mbane, have already tasted silverware for their new side as they helped the team clinch the Belarusian Women’s Cup title. Lebogang Ramalepe Ramalepe, who finally earned a deserved move to Europe having watched her Banyana teammates do the same, is enjoying a successful debut season so far. She plays with fellow Banyana teammates Mulaudzi and Mbane in Belarus for Dinamo-BSUPC. She has been ever present in Dinamo’s defence this season, and was also part of the team that made history by winning the Belarusian Women’s Cup. Ode Fulutudilu Fulutudilu has shone brightly this season for her Finnish side Aland United, scoring four goals in 11 outings. She was on the scoresheet once again recently as her side maintained their lead at the top of the Finnish Naisten Liiga, after a win over PK-35 Helsinki.