THE Range Rover Sport is now available in Mzansi with a new in-line six-cylinder 3.0-litre petrol engine in a choice of two outputs. The new six-cylinder unit has an innovative combination of advanced features, including the introduction of an electric supercharger to deliver immediate power response. Able to spool fully in just 0.5 seconds at up to 6,500rpm to maximum boost pressure, the new technology virtually eliminates turbo lag. It is supported by a twin-scroll turbocharger and Continuous Variable Valve Lift, which boost power and help the engine breathe with maximum efficiency. The clever set-up is based around an all-new Start-Stop system that switches off when stationary and pairs the new 3.0-litre engine with an electric motor. This allows the system to harvest energy while the car is decelerating and store it in a 48V battery. This energy can then be re-deployed through torque-assist, reducing C02 emissions by reducing the work load on the engine. These performance-boosting technologies work alongside a new Mild Hybrid Electric Vehicle (MHEV) powertrain that is underpinned by the new engine, bringing enhanced efficiency to the range. The Range Rover Sport P360 (265kW) delivers fuel economy of 9.2L/100km and CO2 emissions of 213g/km*, while accelerating from 0-100km/h in 6.6 seconds. This model is sold in S, SE and HSE specification levels.  Available exclusively on the new HST model, a more powerful 294kW version of the MHEV Ingenium engine powers the Range Rover Sport from 0-100km/h in 5.9 seconds and to a top speed of 225km/h. Nick Rogers, executive director of product engineering at Jaguar Land Rover, said: “In-line six-cylinder engines are inherently better balanced than V6 designs and our all-new Ingenium unit builds on that promise to optimise efficiency in all operating conditions.” It has advanced features, including an electric supercharger, that ensures distinctive Range Rover Sport performance and responses, while the intelligent MHEV system harvests energy to improve fuel economy and reduce emissions. Inside, the 16-way Dynamic front seats feature an updated colour pattern with suede cloth detailing on the steering wheel and gear lever, Satin Chrome gear shift paddles and an HST badged facia. The Range Rover Sport P360 and HST are available in South Africa now, priced from R1 369 000 and R1 874 600 respectively.