CHRISTIANITY
is something cruel and terrible for heartless people. This
was according to witnesses at the hearing held by the CRL Rights Commision into
the Kwasizabantu Mission in KZN which started on Monday. Today's
first witness, was former pastor at Kwasizakala, Pieter Becker (47) who left
the mission in 2013. He
said he decided to pray to God to reveal the truth about all the bad things
that happened while he was at the mission. He said he wanted to expose the bad
things that he experienced there. "Children
were beaten. Black girls were not allowed to have long hair or wear long pants.
If they were found doing that, they would be beaten," he said. "We
were not allowed to speak to people who had left Kwasizakala because there was
something totally wrong. It was an environment that was unhealthy and it
painted a wrong picture about Christianity. When I spoke to some of the
children who were disobedient, I realised they were not hating God. They were
disobedient  because of the church." He
said when he decided to leave he didn't say exactly why he was leaving. Another
witness, a 34-year-old woman who arrived in Kwasizakala as a pupil in 1995 said
the experiences she encountered in Kwasizakala made her hate
Christianity. "We
used to watch a movie that was called Burning Hell. It was such a traumatic
movie that I still fear fire until today," she said. "When
we arrived at the school we were forced to do virginity testing. I was very
young. I didn't understand what was being done to us. Other girls were older
and were tested while they were having their periods. There were be tissues of
blood on the floor. I still remember that to this day. It was traumatic,"
she said. She
said a lot of girls were molested but they didn't speak about it because they
were scared. "A man
would come into the rooms where we slept at night and molest girls. We even
named him Njeza. We couldn't see his face but he was there every night. She
said she was left traumatised but she didn't speak to anyone. "None
of the girls spoke about their experiences," she said. "When
I was at home I told my mother I didn't want to go back but I never told her
why. I was afraid to speak about everything that was going on
there." She
said they were also not allowed to watch TV. "They
used to ask us if we watched TV when we were at home. At first I told them that
I watched TV but they isolated me and kept me in a dark room without food. I
was hurt by that. I decided to deny watching TV because I was afraid of being
locked up in the room," she said. She
said because of all the bad treatment she got from Kwasizakala to this day she
doesn't like the Bible and hates Christianity. "I
never told my mother about her experience at Kwasizakala. I only told her last
week." Ben
Mthembu, a worker at Kwasizakala said he was employed there as a plumber since
1991 but was fired in 2015 without reason. "I
was not given any payments although I had worked there for a long time. I
didn't even get UIF payments and to this day I've never received any money. I
also have an injured hand for which I was never paid," he said. Chairman
of the CRL Commission,  Professor David Masoma said what has so far
emerged since the hearing began is allegations of gruesome abuse and beatings
by people who were on the ground. "These
people were not allowed to tell anyone what happened to them. Today they are
finally speaking out because they are seeking healing," he said. He
said their focus is what people went through and what it did to them, so they
are investigating that. "We
have invited Kwasizakala. We hope they will join us tomorrow. We want them to
tell us their side of the story," he said. The
hearing is expected to continue tomorrow.