IT MAY be early days, but already the co-coaches at Mamelodi Sundowns are feeling the heat. As former head coaches, Manqoba Mngqithi and Rhulani Mokwena know all about the pressures of the hotseat. Granted, pressure is part of every position at Sundowns, such is the high standards the club sets itself. But history suggests the duo must be very worried after they got their era off to a terrible start as Sundowns exited the MTN8 Cup in the first round. Mngqithi’s calm personality hid the frustration he must have felt after the star-studded Downs crashed to Bloemfontein Celtic on Sunday. “At times we were nervy, anxious... understandably so when you’re playing the first match of the season, but I was impressed.There were a lot of positives in my opinion,” Mngqithi said following the 1-0 loss to unfancied Celtic, whose monthly salary bill is a fraction of their opponents. Club president Patrice Motsepe is unlikely to lower the standards for anyone. Having sanctioned the recruitment of 11 new players, he will expect the team to defend the trophies they won last season. Although circumstances may be different, Motsepe once showed co-coaches Miguel Gamondi and Neil Tovey the door just five games into the new season because the club made a stuttering start, despite only losing only one match. Sundowns don’t have a good MTN8 record, having only won the competition once in 13 years. But the manner of the loss to Celtic showed the coaching duo, and “senior coach” Steve Komphela, have a lot of work to fill the void left by Pitso Mosimane, whose departure came as a shock like Victor Letsoalo’s winner for Celtic that downed Brazilians. Downs will open the inaugural DStv Premiership season with a clash against Gavin Hunt’s Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Downs, however, could rightly consider themselves unfortunate to lose, having dominated Celtic. “The coaches have worked very hard in trying to ensure that we have the right balance and shape in midfield. And to be honest, we looked very good but when we got punished, you can’t say you played well when you didn’t win the match,” explained Mngqithi. “If you don’t take your chances, normally on football you get punished.” he said.