FOR A WHILE there it was gifts and romance, money and fancy places, but that’s all just a bad memory now. The slay queen regrets ever being with a blesser because her life is hell after they had a disagreement. WHEN THEY BROKE UP, SHE THINKS, HER PUNANI STARTED ROTTING! The 28-year-old slay queen from Orange Farm, south of Joburg, said they broke up in March and her life changed for the worst. She’s been to doctors, but they give her tablets that stop the itching but her condition got worse. The woman said after she broke up with her baby daddy she wanted to forget about her problems. “I wanted a blesser and didn’t care how old he was,” she said. She had a friend who had a blesser and became ill. “Before she died she told the blesser about me and I met him,” she said. “After a week we started poking. And he’d send me money.” She wasn’t allowed to call him or take any pictures, and she had to be available at all times. “I enjoyed receiving a R15 000 monthly allowance and we visited the most beautiful places,” she said. But last year she met the jobless love of her life. She decided not to tell him about the blesser. “We talked about future plans, but my boyfriend found out about the blesser,” she said. “I always had money. I told him I’d inherited it. He said I should start a business or do something useful with the money. I kept spending and he became suspicious.” He apparently went through her phone and saw that she was sexting her blesser. The boyfriend wanted to break up with her, but she begged him to stay. Then she told the blesser she wanted out. “The blesser became furious. I didn’t think he’d be that mad because he has a wife and can easily get another young woman.” He told her no man would ever poke her again! A week later her punani started itching, developed growths and became smelly. She went to different gynaecologists and none of them have been able to help her. The blesser is in Malawi and wants nothing to do with her. The SunTeam was unable to contact the blesser. Gobela Zwelihle Hlophe said blessers use muthi to gain wealth and some even use snakes. “Whatever he was using, a snake or muthi, it needs something to feed on and the girl was that person. “I’m not sure if she’ll find help. It’s hard to remove. The blesser can possibly help, but it’s unlikely.” Dr Hlengane Maluleke, a gynaecologist, looked at the photos and said it looked like vaginal warts that had grown over time. In medical terms, condylomata acuminata is caused by human papillomavirus infection and is acquired sexually. “The infection is mostly due to HIV. Low-risk strains are associated with warts while high-risk types cause cancer,” he said. The treatment would involve dealing with underlying conditions such as HIV and may need surgery. The doctor wasn’t sure why she hasn’t been helped yet.