The latest
Audi A4 is now available in South Africa sporting a refreshed design, engines
options with a mild-hybrid system (MHEV) and a fully connected driving
experience. From the
outside the A4 features a new headlight design, the grille is now broader and
flatter and a lower set shoulder line when viewed in profile. There are
three models in the line-up: 35 TFSI, 40 TFSI and the sportier S4 model and
three different trim level options, namely Standard, Advanced and S line. The S model
is available with the standard high gloss styling package and there 12 paint
hues to choose from, including a new Terra Grey colour option. 17-inch
sized wheels are standard on the entry trimline and a 18-inch standard wheel
size on the Advanced and S line trims. 19-inch wheels are optional while the S4
offers 19-inch wheels as standard with a choice of three designs. Inside,
there's a new MMI touch display, the control centre for the new operating
system. Interior customisation to standard seating is available in a variety of
leather/leatherette colour combinations. The S line
interior package can be combined freely with the exterior lines and comes with
Fine Nappa leather with S embossing says Audi. Audi's first
fully-connected model in SA The new MMI
system is modeled on smartphone interface. 
It has a high-res 25cm screen that displays the menu and infotainment
options. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are standard on all models within the
range. There fully
integrated connectivity package offers advanced infotainment, navigation and
Car-to-X services which take advantage of the swarm intelligence to service,
safety and convenience says Audi. Audi connect
uses online connectivity with the vehicle, to provide real-time information and
multiple digital functions. This includes delivering internet services to the
car via an embedded sim (installed directly into the vehicle) and used through
the myAudi app. When inside
the vehicle, the MMI (multimedia interface) and virtual cockpit becomes the
mechanic of use. The Car2X
services incorporated in Audi Connect offer safety and service features
including emergency call or roadside assistance. There is
access to live and integrated Google Earth navigation and traffic information
allow the driver to easily plan trips through the myAudi app and send
destinations and routes directly to the vehicle. Live
information around points of interests (trading hours, parking availability),
traffic information and weather updates are also included.These features are
available through an embedded e-SIM and data is freely available for a period
of 3 years. Audi
connect, navigation and infotainment all run through the MMI which features a
new main unit. The third-generation modular infotainment platform MIB 3
delivers phenomenal computing power. Audi says it
works with an equally new, spatially separate communication box that bundles
all connectivity tasks – such as telephony or the Audi connect services – and
incorporates the Wi-Fi hotspot. The optional
hardware modules include the Audi phone box and the Bang & Olufsen 3D
Premium Sound System in the front. Two
instrument cluster variants are available: standard is the analog driver
information system with colour display, or the all-digital virtual cockpit
plus. The driver can operate the 31cm display with full HD resolution. At launch
Audi will offers three models with power outputs range from 110kW (35 TFSI) to
260kW (S4). The 40 TFSI model has 140kW and 320Nm. A 2.0-litre
turbocharged engine in the 35 TFSI and 40 TFSI will feature a mild-hybrid
system (MHEV) based on 12 volts, which reduces fuel consumption says Audi. All models
come off the production line with an automatic transmission as standard. The packages
available include:Comfort Technology,
Sport, Lights (35 TFSI only) and Assistance / City Assistance / Lane Assistance Pricing 35 TFSI S
tronic - R 644 000 35 TFSI
Advanced S tronic - R 663 000 40 TFSI S
tronic - R 681 500 40 TFSI
Advanced S tronic - R 700 500 40 TFSI S
line S tronic - R 726 500 S4 TFSI
260kW quattro tiptronic - R 944 500 All models
come standard with the five-year or 100 000km service plan. SOURCE: WHEELS24