GAUTENG Department of Education has fired the Parktown Boys
High School Principal. The dismissal of the school Principal, Malcolm Williams was
in relation to the death of a grade 8 pupil, Enock Mpianzi who died during an
unauthorised school excursion early this year. "Williams has been charged with three allegations of
misconduct emanating from an incident which occurred on 15 January 2020 where
he unjustifiably prejudiced the administration, discipline or efficiency of the
Department," the department's spokesperson Steve Mabona said. It is alleged that he undertook or caused the school to
undertake an excursion to Nyathi Bush and River Break in Brits, North West for
Grade 8 orientation camp without prior approval. "The second allegation is that he failed to ensure that
a correct roll call for all learners who went to the excursion was
maintained." On the third allegations it is said that Williams allegedly
endangered the lives of the learners by disregarding a set of safety rules and
regulations as set out in clause E of Safety Measures. "In that he failed to ensure that all learners who were
to participate in the water activities were provided with life jackets which
led to the death of Enoch Mpianzi," read the statement. Williams has been found guilty of the first two allegations,
and subsequently not guilty of the third allegation. "The Presiding Officer has, after careful consideration
of mitigating and aggravating circumstances, dismissed him accordingly. "Therefore, he has a right to appeal to the MEC against
the findings by the Presiding Officer within five working days of his receiving
of the dismissal notice." Enock was swept away at the Crocodile River, his body was
found two days later on 17 January after he had drowned. Daily Sun previously reported that in a forensic report,
Attorney Peter Harris said no life jackets were provided and Enoch is the fifth
person to have drowned at the Lodge. Harris said the Suspended School principal, Malcolm Williams
tried to get the children out of the water when he realised that none of them
had life jackets but the damage was already done. "We recommend that the school should be held
responsible and liable for its reckless and negligence actions that contributed
to the circumstances that led to the death of Enoch Mpianzi," said Harris.