THE battle for the number one spot is still on for SA Idols. The Top 10 contestants showed off their talent during the
live show aired on Sunday. Contestants opened the show with a breath taking song by
songstress Beyoncé ‘He still loves me’. There were no evictions for the night. Brandan was the first to perform and he did a rendition of
‘All freedom’ by the Golden Gospel singers. Randel said he looked fantastic, “Every element of the
competition is important,” he said. Unathi felt like he didn’t try too hard, “This for me was your
best performance,” she said. Ndoni performed an inspirational song about not giving up, 'Ungayeki' by Brenda Mtambo. Unathi said she wish she could have chosen a different artist. “Everything counts, it was a great performance but now we
have to look at the psychology of idols,” she said. Somizi agreed with Unathi on that point. “If you want to win this competition you must pick songs
that will get you votes,” said Somizi Zanothando gave a rendition of Superwoman by Alicia Keys. Somizi said the beginning of his performance was slightly
weak. “I don’t know if you took time to get the momentum,” he
said. Randel said there were good and not so good moments. Unathi thanked him for performing the song on behalf of
women in South Africa. “You finally believe that you deserve to be here,” she said. Zama made Unathi cry with Jennifer Hudson’s song  ‘A Change is Gonna Come’. Unathi said she has challenged the contestants to push
themselves. “That was flawless, and I had goose bumps as you were
performing,” Somizi said she crippled him. “You are a perfect example of don’t judge a book by its
cover. You are the best female contestant we’ve had on this show,” he said. Mr Music performed Sjava’s Iqhawe. Unathi said it was electrifying and Somizi said he could
watch him forever. “I wish you become the superstar you wish to be because
you deserve it,” he said. Be performed a song by Mariah Carey’s 'Make it happen'. Somizi said her performance didn’t work for him. Jooma performed River by Leon Bridges. Randel said he hopes his performances keeps him in the
competition. “People tend to vote for songs they like and know but you
are my favourite,” he said. Ntokozo did a song by Tori Kelly’s called 'Never alone’. Unathi said she is flawless and brilliant. Succedor performed a song by the legendary Stevie Wonder
titled ‘Higher ground’. Somizi was excited and said "I am glad to have you back, I loved every bit of it,”. Bongi closed off the show with Beyoncé’s 'Spirit'. Randel said it was a difficult song choice. “I think you did
a really good job,” he said. Unathi said her song choice was excellent. “Don’t be scared to include us in your moments,” she said. Somizi said it was a closing ceremony.