UEFA has been forced to adapt rules for the Champions League. Less than six weeks since Bayern Munich won last season’s delayed final behind closed doors, the draw for the group stage of the next Champions League takes place today, with the threat of the coronavirus pandemic again hanging over the competition. Bayern were crowned European champions for the sixth time after beating Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) at an empty Estadio da Luz in Lisbon in August. The surreal occasion represented a triumph of sorts for Uefa. European football’s governing body succeeded in playing its flagship competition to a conclusion, despite the long shutdown caused by the health crisis. But the final rounds were not the same. Today’s draw is part of a ceremony which will also see the best men’s and women’s player of last season crowned. Uefa had to ditch plans to stage the event in Athens and instead moved it to its own headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, where the draw will go ahead without guests. It is further evidence that, after the battle to get last season finished, things are not about to return to normal in Europe yet, as the virus cases are exploding again. But this time the football, it seems, will go on. Both Bayern and PSG will be in the first pot of seeds along with Liverpool, Real Madrid, Juventus, Porto, Zenit Saint-Petersburg and Sevilla, the Europa League winners. There is the prospect of plenty of enticing match-ups, with Barcelona, Atletico Madrid, Chelsea, Borussia Dortmund and both Manchester clubs all in the second pot, and Inter Milan, Atalanta, RB Leipzig and Marseille among the lower seeds. But the excitement of the draw will be quickly tempered. As the pandemic continues to cast a shadow, it seems hard to imagine the final going ahead as scheduled in Istanbul next May in a full stadium. Uefa’s current stance is that games will be behind closed doors “until further notice”. It has adapted its rules. In the face of travel restrictions, it will allow matches on neutral territory. If a club suffer a Covid-19 outbreak, the game can go ahead as long as each team have at least 13 fit players, including one goalkeeper. The group stage starts on 20 October, more than a month later than usual, and all six rounds of games will be packed into eight weeks. – AFP