RANGERS FC on Monday confirmed the signing of South African international, Bongani Zungu, on-loan from Amiens FC until end of the season. The Light Blues are holding an option to make the deal permanent next summer, according to the club. "I really want the fans to be proud of my performances and will always give 100% for my new team. Rangers are a global club and I know there are already many supporters across Africa. I am looking forward to playing in front of a big crowd and audiences across the world," Zungu told the club's official website. The 27 year-old midfielder, Zungu, first came to prominence at Mamelodi Sundowns - South Africa’s most successful club - whom he joined in 2013. He has 29 South Africa caps to his name, with five of them coming in the 2019 African Cup of Nations Finals. There, he won league titles in 2014 and 2016. He then transferred to Portugal and made his mark in the Portuguese league with Vitoria Guimaraes before earning a move to the French top flight after only one season on the Iberian peninsula. Sporting Director, Ross Wilson, acknowledged Zungu's talent and said they have been monitoring him throughout the transfer window period. "We are excited to have him join Rangers," Wilson said. “Following a difficult and prolonged period of lockdown in South Africa, it would have been hard for him to have joined us at an earlier stage of the window. “However, we have kept an open and positive dialogue with Bongani and Amiens, and the structure of this agreement works well for all parties. The financial impact of coronavirus is being felt by all clubs in a market that has been like no other that I’ve ever experienced. "We are pleased with the work we have done during the window across the squad and despite the clear challenges brought by the virus, our board have been keen to continue to invest in the development of the squad and the club." ?? #RangersFC are today delighted to announce the signing of @BafanaBafana internationalist Bongani Zungu on-loan until the end of the season, with the Light Blues holding an option to make the deal permanent next summer.?? https://t.co/UkgUVj45t6 pic.twitter.com/AQVkbbJSup 