FARMERS gathered in their numbers at the Senekal Magistrates Court wanting to personally deal with the arrested murder suspects. A police van was overturned and set alight and court items were destroyed. Yesterday, Daily Sun published a story headlined “Angry farmers bay for suspects’ blood!” The protesting farmers also had placards that read “Cele must fall”. Now the police minister wants those responsible for the damage behind bars immediately. Free State Police, Roads and Transport MEC Sam Mashinini called it lawlessness and said it cannot be tolerated. Mashinini said he condemned the unruly behaviour of the protesters in the strongest terms. “Such lawlessness and rowdy behaviour cannot be tolerated. No one has the absolute right to take the law into their hands while the case is in the hands of the relevant authorities, especially seeing that the suspects have already been apprehended by police. “We equally condemn the gruesome murder of the 21-year-old Brandon Horner. But we will still not restrain on the disappointing behaviour by this group of farmers. “Vandalism of court property and the burning of a police vehicle by this group is very questionable,” said Mashinini. The police minister’s office released a statement where Bheki Cele said the police should arrest those responsible for arson and vandalism. Police had to use tear gas to disperse the violent group. Minister Cele is adamant that such criminal behaviour will never be tolerated. He has called on police to act swiftly and arrest those responsible. “While we all condemn the gruesome killing of this young man in Paul Roux, absolutely no one has the right to take the law into their own hands, no matter what the situation is. This type of lawlessness cannot be justified nor taken lightly. “There is no logic when these protestors burn a police van, which is the same resource that is meant to assist them. It is also baffling why the anger of this community is being directed towards the police, when arrests have been made by the police and the suspects are before the courts,” said Cele.