THE Gauteng Health is calling on the public who have been swindled through jobs-for-scam to help with investigations. Spokeswoman for health MEC Kwara Kekana said the department of health urges community members who have been promised a job in a public hospital or clinic and asked to transfer money to guarantee employment to come forward and help in the investigations into the scam. “This scam involves members of a syndicate which approaches job applicants who then provide blank employment contracts,” said Kwara She also said these contracts are sent using an email address claiming to be that of the Gauteng Department of Health. “To an unsuspecting eye, these contracts look legitimate until further scrutinising the content more closely,” she said She said the contract is presented as a blank document containing an incorrect date stamp. Kekana said applicants are deceived into believing that the syndicate member is an official of the department and that the contract is genuine. “The syndicate uses this to their advantage and requests a sum of R2 500 prior to issuing the contract,” she said She said the Department’s Governance Risk and Compliance Directorate has made progress in the investigation of this scam and it has been able to trace the bank account which has since been closed. She said, however, it needs further information to open a police case and bring those behind the scam to book. Kekana said to arrange for meeting people can send an email or call Advocate Jaylan Chetty on 0614745714 or email jaylan.chetty@gauteng.gov.za. “It should be noted that the department advertises vacancies through appropriate and trustworthy channels such as the Gauteng Online portal, Department of Public Service and Administration website, Department of Health website and national newspapers. She said that employment application forms at the department’s hospitals and clinics are dropped in designated boxes which are processed by human resources personnel as per procedures. “Anyone approached and promised a job in exchange for money should immediately report that to the South African Police Services so such allegations are investigated, and perpetrators are brought to justice,” she said. Kekana said people can also report suspicious crime to the Gauteng Provincial Government Public Liaison Hotline on 08600 11 000 or the Vuvuzela Hotline on 012 664 5568, or fax to 012 664 0307, email @thehotline.co.za or visit www.thehotline.co.za