IF it were up to him, Neil Tovey would not appoint Manqoba Mngqithi and Rhulani Mokwena as the Mamelodi Sundowns co-coaches. According to the former Sundowns mentor, Mngqithi has proven credentials as the head coach and deserves a clear shot at the plum, yet the demanding job of leading the all-conquering side. No sooner had Sundowns supremo Patrice Motsepe announced the duo as the men to take over from Pitso Mosimane than comparisons started to be drawn with the appointment of Tovey and Miguel Gamondi, as co-mentors. “In my own opinion, Manqoba would have been my head coach and Rhulani my assistant,” Tovey opined. “I mean Manqoba has been there with Pitso for a long, long time and Rhulani has come in and out all the time. “To be honest, I wouldn’t have gone that route. I wouldn’t have done it.” Back in 2006, the former Bafana Bafana and Kaizer Chiefs defender shared responsibilities with Gamondi, who had been brought in by Angel Cappa as an assistant, but stayed behind when the latter unexpectedly parted ways with the Brazilians, midway through the season. The duo went and built on the foundation laid and won the league. And Tovey further explained how could things work in a co-coaching set-up. “It is not an easy thing to do. You’ve got to have two coaches who are very flexible with one another, who understand each other’s functions and respect each other’s decisions and respect the collective decision that must be sent out to the players,” he explained. According to the club, Mngqithi has the final say where consensus can’t be reached and that effectively makes him the man in charge. But many are raising concern that Mokwena’s role might overshadow that of Mngqithi, whose calm persona barely draws him media attention. The two face a massive task of defending the league title and maintain the team’s presence and enhance its growing stature in continental football. Sundowns will kick off their season with the MTN8 quarter-final match against Bloemfontein Celtic on 18 October.