MANGAUNG residents are up in arms over the thugs who hate to see lights during nights. This is because the street lights’ bulbs are now new targets and are being stolen, leaving the area dark at night. Residents down the long George Lubbe Street, which divides the residents from the industrial area, accuse the thieves of using nyaope and stealing bulbs to sell them to feed their craving. READ: THIEVES HIT FORMER MUVHANGO ACTRESS! The metro municipality power supplier, Centlec, said they were still trying to fight cable thieves and now they are faced with a new challenge.   Thabang Moeng (31) said he was worried that the darkness will encourage more crime at night. “Thugs enjoy the night because they don’t want to be seen when they commit crimes. I fear that we might experience crimes like house burglaries and robberies. “When we had street lights, the thugs could not operate. Now they are getting help from nyaope addicts who destroy the poles and steal the bulbs. I wish to catch one in the act, they will regret the day they were born,” said Thabang. Mamiki Selacoe (28) said she no longer felt safe walking at night. She said: “I have been home during all previous lockdown levels. We are now on level 1 and many things are operational but I have to still be in the house. It’s now dark because the bulbs have been stolen. I don’t want to be attacked or raped and killed. I’m now forced to leave the tavern early.” Some of the steel poles are cut down to get to the bulbs. But other bulbs are stolen without the poles being cut down. “I wonder how they managed to get on top of the tall poles to remove the bulbs. Maybe we are dealing with flying witches here,” said Pitso Namane (20). Centlec’s spokesman Lele Mamatu said they were aware. ALSO READ: WATCH: RENTED AUDI R8 SPLIT IN HALF! Mamatu told Daily Sun: “We are concerned that these criminals are now ensuring that services to the community are unnecessarily disrupted. In August we experienced cable theft and now the criminals are targeting our street lights and almost half of the street lights were found to have been cut down. “We are working closely with law enforcement to contain the criminality. We urge the community to safeguard the infrastructure and report by calling 0860 076 937.” Centlec acting CEO Malefane Sekoboto said: “The theft and vandalism of networks and equipment do not only result in outages that cause an inconvenience to the public, but also have a significantly negative impact on our operations and efforts to provide much needed services to residents.”