SABC producer Ayanda Melansi is in hot water with Ukhozi FM listeners. This came after she made what many saw as a rude comment about Unisa students while announcing the results of a competition called Qhudemanikiniki on her show Sigiya Ngengoma. The competition has students from two academic institutions nominate two maskandi songs to compete. The public then votes on the winner. Ayanda’s role is to count the votes and announce the winning song. On Saturday, the competition was between Unisa and the Mongosuthu University of Technology (MUT). During the announcement, Ayanda said: “Unisa is leading with 57% of votes and MUT is behind with 43%. ALSO READ: YOUR SKEEM NICHOLAS BACK ON SKEEM SAAM! “This means the university for older people has won.” Unisa students soon flooded Ayanda’s Facebook page, telling her they felt insulted and discriminated against. Smaesha Delo wrote: “Come and show us these magogos you are talking about.” Ndumy MakaSyamthanda Mzobe wrote: “That’s because they think Ukhozi is theirs.She is saying that because she will not be held accountable.” Ayanda was later forced to apologise for her comment on her page. She wrote: “Sometimes we make jokes that aren’t funny to other people. What I said about Unisa wasn’t intended to hurt and I didn’t mean to hurt anyone’s feelings. I’m so sorry. My wish is for us to respect, help and learn from each other.” But this angered people even more and they told her she needed to apologise on air. Malady Olungile WakoMkhosana wrote: “You disrespected us on air and that’s where you must apologise.” Otherwise, Ukhozi FM is close to Unisa. Ayanda told Daily Sun: “I meant no harm. I was merely joking. When I saw their insults and swearing on Facebook, I realised I had made a mistake.” “I apologised on my Facebook page but this was still not enough. They are demanding I apologise on air. Speaking for the SABC, Mmoni Seapolelo said: “Ukhozi FM management can confirm that it has engaged Ms Melansi on comments made in jest during the announcement of Sigiya Ngengoma competition on Saturday. “She’s been advised to be more sensitive to all age groups that the station caters to and has since apologised on Facebook. She’ll be afforded a chance to apologise on the same platform on which she made the utterances in question. The station is also aware of some of the comments made on social media, which border on cyberbullying.  The SABC doesn’t condone this behaviour in any form and urges the public to engage on matters without intimidating or threatening people’s lives.”