TRANSPORT Minister Fikile Mbalula said the formalisation of the taxi industry will help to combat killings that have been taking place for a long time. He said from April next year, the taxi industry will receive a government subsidy and they will be formalised to ensure that they contribute towards the building of the economy by paying corporate tax. “Formalising of the taxi industry is very important because it will address the issues of taxi routes and will resolve issues of business registration, particularly for the owners. In that way, there won’t be competition for routes that leads to deaths over territorial battles. That is what we want to achieve in the taxi industry,” said Mbalula. “The taxi industry transports 15 million people a day and yet they will be complaining about service and all that. Professionalisation will come after all of these things have actually been addressed. “The drivers must be on point and must behave properly. Transport must be safe and reliable, that is where we are going,” said Mbalula. Western Cape Transport MEC Bonginkosi Madikizela said the biggest challenge to overcome is that of taxi violence. He said this year alone, 87 operators and drivers have been killed. He further said 34 cases of attempted murder are also under investigation where 40 victims were wounded. He said innocent commuters have been caught in the crossfire as rival taxi groupings send hitmen to take out rivals.  “There should be no room for criminality or criminals in the taxi industry. The leadership must renounce the acts of intimidation, extortion, violence and murder that are being perpetrated by criminal elements within the ranks of the industry. “We want to thank the SAPS for the good progress that is being made in bringing the murderers and hitmen to book,” said Madikizela. He said a dedicated team of detectives was established to investigate taxi-related crimes. Over the last three years, the team has arrested 143 suspects but Madikizela is not impressed by the conviction rate as only five convictions have been secured and another 65 cases are currently on the court rolls. Western Cape Santaco boss Nazeem Abdurahman said since 1996 the government never came to the party when invited by the taxi industry. “As the taxi industry, we cannot do the professionalisation of the industry without the hand of the government,” he said.