STEVE Komphela is delighted to join Mamelodi Sundowns. This after he stepped down as Golden Arrows coach to join the Tshwane giants as senior coach. Komphela will report to joint-head coaches Manqoba Mngqithi and Rhulani Mokwena at Sundowns. "I'm very delighted to be part of this great successful team," said Komphela. "Obviously, one joining a team of this magnitude expectations will be there. And beyond that, joining coach Manqoba and Rhulani at their head coach positions, it's all about coming and sharing brains and thinking for the club. "I would also like to thank the president for giving me such an opportunity." Komphela, who spent over 20 months in the job at Abafana Bes’Thende, has thanked the club's chairlady Mato Madlala. The former Kaizer Chiefs coach’s departure, though, did not come as a surprise to some. His Arrows outfit were one of the poor teams in the 'bio bubble' last season where they failed to win a single match. "I need to sincerely and genuinely thank Sis Mato who has been more than a boss to me," added Komphela. "She has been great and I must thank her for that and for the difficult conversation we had before I could join Mamelodi Sundowns. "What she must know is that she will  forever remain a deep mark in my heart and i remain indebted to her." Komphela can hardly wait to get his hands dirty in Chloorkop and meet the club's faithful supporters. Having had his first training session with the star-studded Downs team, Komphela is optimistic about the future of the club. "I have worked with some of these superstars here but it was amazing to come across the cream that we meet at the training ground, unbelievable," added Komphela. "Every person you come across, you see quality. The energy was there you could feel that this is an environment that is so fertile that success should also be a possibility. "The success that they have already built is now their enemy because they have to get better and maintain that in the worst case scenario, but ideally they would like to surpass that standard they have set." 