CHIPPA United coach Lehlohonolo Seema insists that he won’t put pressure on his new recruits. Seema is expected to give some of his new players their debut when the Chilli Boys tackle wounded Cape Town City in their first DStv Premiership match at Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (6pm). City are still reeling after being booted out of the MTN8 Cup, following a 1-0 defeat to Soweto giants Orlando Pirates over the weekend. The Port Elizabeth side have signed Cameroonian striker Bienvenu Eva Nga from the now defunct Bidvest Wits, Namibian international Riaan Hanamub, together with midfielders Ramasimong Maloisane, Ryan Rae and Masixole Nkewana. Seema has also promoted three local youngsters Kayden Francis, Vuyolwethu Dinge and Avile Cezu from their development structures. Said Seema: “We will only see on Saturday when we start how far new players are, but I am happy with the way they are responding in training. “But football is a process. We should give them time to settle and not put them under pressure. We will take it one game at a time and they will catch up.” Although Nga is expected to score goals having found the back of net only twice for Wits last season, Seema said he will give him more time to adjust to his philosophy. Added Seema: “He (Eva) knows his role and why we brought him to the club. “I believe in his ability and talent. He was in the bubble (last season) and he is not far (in fitness). We still have Kwem (Augustine Chidi), him and Thokozani Sekotlong will have to fight for a place in the team. “He works hard, but he also needs time to adjust to the team, different city and philosophy. He is a quality player and we will give him a chance.” Seema revealed that he will protect the new youngsters instead of throwing them in the deep end from the start of season. “I am excited with the youngsters we have from our development. We must protect them and introduce them gradually.” Seema said their first competitive match of the season will give him an idea of what to expect from his side. “We will get a real test on Saturday since we have only played friendlies,” added the former Bloemfontein Celtic coach. WEEKEND FIXTURES: SATURDAY Bloemfontein Celtic v Golden Arrows (Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium, 3.30pm); Baroka v Maritzburg United (Peter Mokaba Stadium, 3.30pm); Kaizer Chiefs v Mamelodi Sundowns (FNB Stadium, 3.30pm); Cape Town City v Chippa United (Cape Town Stadium, 6pm); AmaZulu v Orlando Pirates (Jonsson Kings Park Stadium, 8.15pm); SuperSport United v Black Leopards (Lucas Moripe Stadium, 8.15pm) SUNDAY Tshakhuma FC v TS Galaxy (Thohoyandou Stadium, 3.30pm); Stellenbosch v Swallows FC (Danie Craven Stadium, 3.30pm)