INFLUENCER and image consultant Kefilwe Mabote, who has been making headlines for all the wrong reasons, has spoken out for the first time. The media personality is said to be dating Edwin Sodi, who was in the limelight recently after being arrested for his involvement in the controversial multimillion-rand asbestos project. The Soweto-born socialite broke her silence on Instagram with the hope of clearing the air regarding what’s been happening in her life in the past two weeks. Kefiboo, as she is affectionately known, wrote in a string of IG posts that the recent incidents in her life have shown her who is on her side and who’s not. “I have been crucified for something I wasn’t involved in, had no idea about and had my hard work undone. “Working so hard for eight years only to have your work undone by a two-week media frenzy and storm. “I love how people jump into conclusions without knowing exactly what’s going on. But that’s the beauty of a woman. “We often tend to hide things for the sake of the men in our lives, yet when backlash is received, even by virtue of association, it rests on your shoulders.” ALSO READ |HIT SONG JOHN VULI GATE GOES GLOBAL She further said in the past two weeks she found herself at the mercy of tabloids for being a support structure to her boyfriend Edwin. “Having been a support structure, I now find myself at the mercy of tabloids and trends, over something that didn’t even concern me. I wasn’t even protected during this storm.” “I have been called names because of this, and now, I find myself in the cold when asking for a mere courtesy support. But I should have known that when the going gets tough, it’s every man for himself.”  Kefilwe, who is an author of Kefilwe Mabote: Influencer De Luxe: From Soweto to Milan, also revealed that she has started working on her second book and she will name and shame everyone. “I cannot wait to share this story in my upcoming book, where I will name and shame all these rascals and ill-mannered freaks who think they own me, because we once had a relationship together. “To think I elevated them, made them look to fit the part of luxury, only for this love and support to be thrown in my face, even to the detriment of my finances, which I have worked so hard to acquire,” she said. 