TWO girls aged 18 and 19 were killed in a horror accident after being hit by a speeding minibus taxi. Two others aged 18 and 19 were injured in the accident which happened near a robot in Mkhuhlu outside Hazyview, Mpumalanga today. Shocked bystanders told the SunTeam they spotted a speeding taxi hitting the four pupils from Makhosana Manzini High School, as they were walking out onto the road. They were dragged for almost 10 metres before it stopped. Paramedics and police were called in but two pupils were already dead at the scene. The two injured pupils were rushed to Matikwane Hospital nearby. Mpumalanga Department of Education MEC Bonakele Majuba said he was deeply saddened by the accident, and expressed his condolences to the families of the pupils who were killed. He said the four were on their way home after writing their preliminary exams at Makhosana Manzini High School in the village when they were hit by the taxi. “We are deeply hurt and saddened by the callous act of taking away those two innocent lives at the prime of their youth. Our hearts pour out condolences to their beloved families and friends. “We also wish the other two pupils well, and wish them a speedy recovery. We implore the law to take its course on reckless driving to curb incidents such as these. May the two pupils who passed on rest peacefully,” said Majuba. Mpumalanga Community Safety, Security and Liaison spokesman Moeti Mmusi said: “We condemn any reckless and negligent behaviour on our roads. This particular taxi driver’s behaviour is deeply regrettable and unfortunate. Such disregard for the law will not be tolerated. “Any person using the road recklessly should be punished. We are also appealing to public transport operators to ensure that their drivers adhere to the rules so that other people’s lives are not needlessly put in danger,” said Mmusi. Colonel Donald Mdluli said: “A taxi driver (32) has been arrested and is due to appear in the Mkhuhlu Magistrates Court facing charges of culpable homicide soon after he allegedly knocked down two pupils who died on the spot and left two others severely injured. We further wish the injured children a speedy recovery.”