A FAMILY is still puzzled over how they survived what was meant to be a huge tragedy. This after a quantum taxi driver lost control of the taxi and then veered off the road before landing at their house at Waterloo in Durban yesterday. According to an eyewitness, the taxi was travelling down the road at a very high speed when the driver lost control of the taxi. It then veered off the road before it overturned and then landed at the house. He claimed that there were about four people inside the taxi, including the driver, but no one was injured. And they all ran away right after the taxi landed. The house owner, Ncamisile Mzobe (44), told Daily Sun she was inside the house with her four children when they heard a loud noise. She said they woke up and peeped through the window. “I peeped through the toilet window and saw a quantum taxi right next to our wall. I got the shock of my life. I don’t know what stopped the taxi from crashing into the entire house,” she said. She said she then got out of the house and saw that the driver was drunk. She said she only saw the driver because he was still trying to get out of the taxi. “I didn’t see any visible injuries on him. And then as I was walking at the back of the house and inside looking to see if there were any damages, the driver escaped. I couldn’t speak to him to find out what happened that led him to lose control of the taxi,” she said. She said she didn’t see any passengers in the taxi but there are residents who claim they saw people running out of the taxi. “I dont know what stopped the taxi from crashing into the entire house. Because if it did, my children and I would’ve been dead today, it was going to be a tragedy. The taxi only damaged the roof of the toilet, left the wall cracked and then some water pipes from the toilet were also damaged,” she said. She said the taxi wasn’t removed yesterday as the driver escaped. “The owner sent someone today to come and take the taxi. He said the owner promised to fix the damage,” she said. She said she is grateful that no one from the house was injured. Reaction Unit South Africa spokesman Prem Balram said their members arrived at the scene and found the overturned minibus lying against the house. He said the driver, who was the only occupant in the vehicle, had abandoned the wreckage and fled the scene. “The occupants of the residence which included a woman and three children aged 2, 6 and 10 years were not injured,” he said. KZN cops spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele said it is alleged that a driver of a minibus taxi lost control and crashed into a house in Waterloo. “No injuries were sustained although the house was damaged. A case of reckless and negligent driving was opened at Verulam police station for investigation,” said Mbele.