DESPITE boxing back in the rings, though with limitations under lockdown protocols, TLB Boxing Promotions boss Joyce Kungwane is excited to see the return of fistic sport after a seven months break. Kungwane has reason to be happy with the tournament, which was postponed in March due to lockdown restrictions caused by Covid-19 outbreak. The tournament will now take place tomorrow at the Klipspruit Multi-purpose Centre in Soweto. Acccording to Kungwane, she has been patiently waiting for the day to come. “Remember that we were shuttered when the initial tournament was postponed. But we didn’t give up and kept ourselves busy,” said the businesswoman. Kungwane is also happy with the financial support her promotions company got from the Gauteng Department of Sport, Arts, Culture and Recreation in order for the boxing extravaganza, dubbed “Still Alive and Punching”, to go ahead. She said the funding has gone a long way in covering the expenses of housing boxers in a bio-bubble ahead of tomorrow’s tournament. ‘‘It is strenuous and financially draining. Remember, we had to test the boxers before they went to the bio-bubble. “And we housed them at the bio-bubble at the expense of the promoter. Mind you, there are no sponsors and we would have loved to have them. But for now, we want to appreciate the support. I believe in challenges. They make me stronger and build me into a better person,” she said. Inside the ring, referees tell boxers “protect yourselves at all times, keep it clean” before the opening bell, but this has also applied to organisers of boxing events since lockdown. Meanwhile, former International Boxing Organisation (IBO) and World Boxing Federation (WBF) lightweight champion, Xolisani ‘‘Nomeva’’ Ndongeni, is gearing up in the bubble for a return to action against Prince Dlomo in an eight-rounder in Klipspruit tomorrow. The fight-starved boxer has not fought since his win over Mbena Rajab from Tanzania at the Portuguese Hall in Joburg, 13 months ago. And Ndongeni is going to the Dlomo fight with a two-pronged mission – to get back to action and move up the rankings in world boxing bodies. ‘‘I need to be active and that is very important in my efforts to get back to the top. “Not getting fights for a long time was killing me and now I need three fights before I can return to the top,’’ the 30-year-old KwaBhaca-born boxer said. Ndongeni’s fight against Dlomo is part of TLB Boxing Promotions’ tournament. ‘‘I respect the guy as he is a good boxer. “But he does not deserve to be in the same ring with me. I’m going to take him deep into the sea and see what he can do,’’ said a confident Ndongeni. ‘‘I’m always confident when I’m going to fight that’s why I want a convincing win against him. “He can try to compete with me, but he will never be on top of me.’’