FOR a long time, a gogo and her grandchild have allegedly been heard arguing in their home. In what was allegedly their last argument, things ended tragically as the gogo died. It is alleged that gogo (68) from Impendle, KZN, died after her granddaughter (18) beat her after a heated argument they had on Saturday. The family does not want to talk about the tragic incident. READ: SHAKA ZULU ANGERS KING When Daily Sun contacted the gogo’s son and asked him how gogo died, he said he is very busy at the police station trying to sort out the matter. He said: “This is a family matter and we are busy trying to sort it out. Our mother was in a private mortuary but now we heard that she has been taken to the government mortuary because a case has been opened. But we never opened a case.” When he was asked if the granddaughter had been arrested he said she is at home. “I don’t want to talk about this. We are very busy,” he said, then he hung up. An induna in the area, Mdonseni Bhengu, was contacted he said he was also told the grandmother and her granddaughter used to argue a lot at their home. “I was told that gogo had a heated argument with her granddaughter, who ended up beating her. But this is a family matter, please speak with them,” he said. KZN Social Development MEC Nonhlanhla Khoza has condemned the brutal, callous and cold-blooded murder of a senior citizen in Impendle. MEC Khoza said although the information regarding the murder of the gogo remains sketchy, it is alleged that she died after she was severely assaulted by her granddaughter. “Her family rushed her to a local clinic, where she died on arrival,” said MEC Khoza. MEC Khoza called on the cops to investigate the circumstances surrounding the gogo’s death. “It is disheartening to learn that gogo died following the alleged assault she suffered from her grandchild. It is unbelievable that this pensioner died at the hands of someone who was supposed to protect her,” said MEC Khoza. ALSO READ: WATCH: TRUCK DRIVER ESCAPES HAIL OF BULLETS! Khoza said the extent of abuse directed at senior citizens is very concerning. MEC Khoza called on communities throughout the province to stand up against crimes directed at senior citizens. “We are shocked and outraged by the murder of gogo. I believe that the abuse of older persons will come to an end only when families and communities work together with the department,” she said. The MEC said she has sent a team of social workers to provide psycho-social support to the family and to ensure the matter is being reported to the police. “We would like to assure the family that our team will remain with them during this sad moment of bereavement,” she said. KZN cops spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said an inquest docket has been opened for investigation at Impendle SAPS for now. “A post-mortem will determine the cause of death,” said Gwala.