KAIZER Chiefs have suffered a huge injury blow ahead of their MTN8 quarter-finals match against Maritzburg United at the FNB Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Amakhosi will play without their deadly striker Samir Nurkovic and Leonardo Castro due to injury. To make matters worse, the Soweto giants will also play without their influential veteran midfielder Willard Katsande due to suspension. As if that was not enough, the Naturena-based side are still unable to sign new players since they are still waiting their appeal outcome from the Court of Arbitration in Sports (CAS), following their Fifa ban on signing players. Chiefs were hit with a two-window transfer ban after they were found guilty of illegally signing Dax Andrianarimanana from Madagascar side Fosa Juniors in 2018. Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt said there is nothing he can do to bring new players on board under the current circumstances. He said: “I have a lot of injured players. Samir had an operation and is out for sometime. Castro has been out since last season. We must realign ourselves and play to our strength. We’ve got to take it day by day.” Players such as Sifiso Hlanti, who had already started training with Chiefs, could find himself out in the cold if the verdict is delayed any further. Hunt said: “The ban was well documented and I knew it coming here. “It’s difficult to sign players and promise them the ban will be lifted. I can identify 20 players, but they can’t come here and sit around hoping Chiefs will sign them.” Hunt is concerned that he never had enough time to prepare his charges for the Wafa Wafa showdown due to Fifa calendar week. “The pre-season was different. The time frame was short due to Fifa week. I am slowly settling in, some players I know and some I don’t. I am trying to set up a team for Sunday and we are looking forward to the game,” he said. However, Hunt has taken some positives from the fact that he has been coaching in the PSL for a long time and knows the size of the task that lies ahead to help end Chiefs’ five-year cup drought. “I know the league, players and what we are facing. I have young players who will certainly get a chance. If you are good enough, age doesn’t matter. We will balance the squad. Experienced players have done a lot and I am sure they’ve got a lot to prove as well,” explained Hunt. The former Bidvest Wits coach will pin his hopes on the shoulders of Khama Billiat to upset Maritzburg. “Khama has experience and is wiser, we will try to get the best out of him. We’ve got to play him to his strength in the right area of midfield and certainly he can get a double figure, that has to be his aim,” added Hunt.