The medical community is up in arms with US President Donald Trump. This comes after the President broke corona rules by going to visit his supports outside the hospital where his being treated for a potentially deadly new coronavirus. The president was seen waiving at his supporters in what seemed to be a security tight vehicle during the short trip outside Walter Reed military medical center near Washington. The visit was set to change the publics view of his health and a weekend of confusing information from doctors on his health. The outing came with Trump's doctors satisfied enough about his progress to suggest the possibility of his being discharged on today. But medical experts complained saying the outing broke his own government public health guidelines which state patients isolate themselves while they are in treatment for the virus. Trumps whose been spreading misinformation on the pandemic, said in a video that dropped on Twitter just before the appearance that he had "learned a lot about COVID" by "really going to school" as he has battled the virus spreading misinformation on the pandemic, said in a video that dropped on Twitter just before the appearance that he had "learned a lot about COVID" by "really going to school" as he has battled the virus pic.twitter.com/0Bm9W2u1x7  The angry medical community went on a social media rampage and criticised the visit which they said, it means he had not learned anything at all. James Phillips, chief of disaster medicine at George Washington University said  "Every single person in the vehicle during that completely unnecessary Presidential 'drive-by' just now has to be quarantined for 14 days." "They might get sick. They may die. For political theatre. Commanded by Trump to put their lives at risk for theatre. This is insanity." White House spokesman Judd Deere said "appropriate" precautions had been taken to protect Trump and his support staff, including protective gear. "The movement was cleared by the medical team as safe to do," he added. 