THE new Jaguar XF looks all grown up and ready to take the fight to the BMW 5-series and the Mercedes-Benz E-Class. This is a very competitive segment as it is the mid-level executive luxury sedan for the corporate jungle. The XF displays modern British design and engineering at its best. It features a new front bumper with larger and lower air intakes for increased visual width, with a wider front grille featuring a mesh design detail inspired by Jaguar’s heritage logo. New super slim all-LED quad headlights with “Double J” Daytime Running Light (DRL) signatures are available with optional Pixel LED technology with Adaptive Driving Beam capability, which evaluates the road ahead and automatically adapts the high beam light to mask oncoming traffic. The system can create varying light beam patterns by selecting different LED segments to optimise visibility without distracting other drivers. The XF has an all-new interior with sharp luxury, enhanced connectivity and greater tranquility and refinement. The new cockpit design is bolder, more dynamic and has a greater focus on the driver. At the heart of the new interior is a seamlessly integrated centrally-mounted 11.4-inch curved-glass HD touchscreen in an elegant magnesium alloy casing. Authentic finishes, including open-pore wood veneers and aluminium, feature in beautifully formed shapes such as the upper door insert and full width “piano lid” that is formed across the width of the dashboard.  ENGINES The new 147kW diesel engine, which adds 15kW to the outgoing 132kW version, powers the XF from 0-100km/h in 7.6 seconds. Petrol customers can choose between 183kW or 221kW versions of the 2.0-litre four-cylinder producing 365Nm and 400Nm. The 183kW petrol engine delivers 0-100km/h in 6.9 seconds, while the 221kW XF, available exclusively with all-wheel drive, achieves 0-100km/h in 6.1 seconds. Both feature the latest engine technologies including a twin scroll turbocharger and Continuous Variable Valve Lift (CVVL), for a strong combination of refined performance and efficiency. 