THE Department of Education in the Western Cape is investigating sexual harassment allegations against a teacher at Parliament Street Primary in Mfuleni, Cape Town. School Governing Body member Sizwe Nkanka said the news shocked everyone. “We want the department to fire the accused teacher because we cannot have a teacher who is sexually harassing the pupils,” said Nkanka. He told Daily Sun that the accused teacher is new to the school. “He came in last year and when we were doing interviews he said he wants to bring change in our school. We never thought he could do something like this,” he said. According to him, more than five pupils have reported the teacher. “The pupils said he touches them in their private parts and sometimes put his hands inside their school uniform,” said Nkanka. One of the parents, who asked not to be named, said their kids are not feeling safe around the accused teacher. “The teacher is supposed to protect our kids, when we are not there as parents, they are. He needs to be fired and not teach again because if he is sent to another school he will do the same thing,” said the parent. She went on to say the principal has taken too long to report the matter to the Department of Education. “This has been happening for too long and when the pupils reported it to the principal, we were told that the only thing that he did was to warn the accused. He let our kids down.” She said if the department takes cases like this lightly then their kids are in trouble. “We will make sure that the teacher leaves our school, we cannot have teachers who don’t know how to behave. We are waiting to see what the department will do, but we want him out,” said the parent. Western Cape Education spokesperson Bronagh Hammond said the matter was reported by the principal on 20 October, 2020. “The Western Cape Department of Education is currently investigating these very concerning allegations,” said Hammond. According to Hammond, the social worker at the district level is meeting with the parents/victims this week to provide the necessary support and engage with them on the reporting process which includes laying a criminal charge at SAPS.