THE City of Johannesburg crowned women in sports in their inaugural awards. The historic awards were on Friday, 2 October 2020 at the Gauteng Sports Confederation Sports House in Johannesburg. This follows the success of Ekurhuleni awards which happened a fortnight ago. Johannesburg, in its first year of joining the awards, managed to create a buzz, having received over 200 nominations to eventually have the cream of the crop recognized and appreciated for their hard work in promoting and uplifting women in sport, both on and off the field. Non-profit organization Futballing Girls – the brainchild of the Inaugural Women in Sports Awards Moonira Ramathula in partnership with Gauteng Sports Confederation and the City of Johannesburg saw the awards turn into a success after Futballing girls saw the need to extend their invitation to Johannesburg to celebrate and unearth more women in sport who otherwise would not have received such an opportunity. The 17 winners were crowned on the night, with all finalists given certificates of merit as they look to continue promoting the women’s game across the board in their respective communities. Keeping to the Covid-19 regulations, everyone in attendance complied with the screening process and wearing of masks throughout the exclusive ceremony. “It’s such an emotional night for me as we crowned elite women in sport in the City of Johannesburg after successful events in the West Rand and Ekurhuleni,"Moonira Ramathula said. "Affording these women a platform to be recognized and celebrated for their efforts makes me happy because there aren’t a lot of awards in place to make them feel appreciated, I wish all of them the best of luck going forward and may they continue to rise the flag for women’s sport. WINNERS 1. Sportswoman of the year – Nuru Minyuku-Guru 2. Sportswoman of the year with disability – Yane v d Merwe 3. School Sports Athlete of the year with disability – Simphiwe Manqele 4. Sports Administrator of the year – Elizabeth Mpolokeng Mabusela 5. Sports Achiever of the year – Kajol Naidoo 6. School Sports Athlete of the year – Kajol Naidoo 7. Coach of the year – Jeanne-Marie Coetzer8. Sponsor of the year – Mastercard 9. Volunteer of the year – Anke Langenhorst 10. Techincal Official of the year – Roberta Biagioni 11. School Team of the year – St Mary’s First Quad 12. Team of the year – Pirates Women’s Rugby Team 13. Sports Club of the year – Pirates Rugby Club 14. Community Sports Journalist of the year – Mpumi Manyisi 15. Federation of the year – Johannesburg Metro Chess 16. Community Radio Presenter of the year – Itumeleng Banda 17. Community Project of the year – Youth Alive Sport Project 