AMAZULU striker Lehlohonolo Majoro hopes his strike partner Bongi Ntuli will remain with Usuthu in the new season. Ntuli has been heavily linked with the move away during this transfer window after scoring 13 league goals in 30 league appearances last term. Those goals went a long way to help Usuthu survive relegation after the team struggled throughout last season to avoid the axe. SunSport has learnt that Orlando Pirates are the club that have submitted an offer for Ntuli, but the previous management under the Sokhela family turned it down. With the new management under chairman Sandile Zungu, who completed the take over of the club a few weeks ago, stressed Ntuli will not be leaving as the new management’s sight are a fourth place finish this season. “As far as I know, Bongi Ntuli is still our player,” said Majoro at the club’s 2020-21 jersey launch. “I see him as a teammate. I see him as a partner in terms of the position that we play. And I’m more than happy to play with him.” Majoro, who also had a difficult season last term after he was told to train with the development squad in February when he struggled to recapture his form, struck up a good partnership with Ntuli when the season restarted in the bio bubble in Gauteng. He scored two goals and had one assist, which was converted by Ntuli to see the team from Durban finished 13th on the table. The 34-year-old, who has scored 67 career goals in 257 club appearances, said last season’s form was not good for the team but they cannot dwell on that now. “It is all in the past. We have to work again, we have to welcome the new players that might be brought into the team,” said Majoro. “Because competition starts with training and that is how the team is going to be better.” Zungu said the new signings will come from both locally and internationally, but he didn’t reveal their names. The owner also added that Siphelele Mthembu and Makhehleni Makhaula, who are training with the club, are still being assessed by the technical team led by coach Ayanda Dlamini.