The Magistrate has warned that the attorney
representing Foster Netshiongolo might be "shooting himself in the
leg". Yesterday (Thurs) the case against one of the
three cops implicated in the murder of Nateniel Julies was postponed as the
presiding magistrate, David Mhango who dealt with the bail application was
unavailable due to another court commitment. Sergeant Netshiongolo has been accused of
trying to conceal evidence of Nateniel' s murder. He appeared at Protea Magistrates court in
Soweto for his bail application on new facts. Before the postponement of the case, the state
procecutor, Mzwandile Mrwabe argued that te State was not provided with the new facts Netshiongolo is bringing to
his bail application. Mrwabe said: "We need to
have the new facts in advanced as the State. "We don't want the
situation where the state will be accused of playing hide and seek and playing
delaying tactics," said Mrwabe. But Netshiongolo'
Attorney, Onke Maseti didn't budge. He said: "I made it
clear to the state that if something needs to verified they will be given that
opportunity," said Maseti. Magistrate
Ndivhuwo Sethusha said if the state is not
provided with the reasons of what they consider as new facts for the State to
prepare their case and be ready to whether or not oppose, it might cause a
delay. She
said: "Your Shooting yourself in the leg because they will remand the
case to go and prepare." Sethusha
said this might cause unnecessary delays. Nateniel
(16) who suffered from a down syndrome was shot and killed few meters away from
his home in August, at Eldorado Park, in the south of Joburg - three cops were
shortly arrested. Netshiongolo
along with his two co-accused Sergeant Simon 'Scorpion' Ndyalvane and Constable
Caylene Whiteboy (23) were denied bail following their arrest. The
presiding magistrate said the trio failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that
they needed to be granted bail and they could interfere with state
witnesses. The
court heard that on the night of Nateniel's murder, Netshiongolo was booked off
sick but despite this, he went to the crime scene as instructed by Ndyalvane
and tampered with evidence. Netshiongolo planted ammunitions so
it appears that there was a shootout between the cops and an unknown person,
and further covered Nataniel’s blood with soil.