RESIDENTS of Daveyton and Chief Luthuli in Ekurhuleni are gatvol. They said they’re tired of waiting for RDPs while people from other areas get houses. Residents told Daily Sun they’ve protested several times, but the municipality wasn’t taking them seriously. They said they were giving the municipality one more chance, or they’d forcibly occupy RDPs. Vivian Mthethwa (57) said she still lived in a shack with nine family members after applying for a house 20 years ago.  She said she was excited when new RDPs were built in the area, but then they started being sold. Vivian said when unknown people started occupying RDPs, she went to the municipal offices, but received no help. Priscilla Mokone (33) said when they saw strangers moving in, they knew they had bought RDPs. Steve Nteso (41) said he had approval papers, but his house was occupied by someone else. “I’ve been enquiring about this for the past two years, but no one is assisting me. I will drag this person out of my RDP if I have to,” he said. Lethukuthula Diale (45) said she applied for an RDP in 2006, but never got a response. “I’ve made friends with someone in the new RDPs, but she refused to tell me how she got it. She’s from Katlehong,” she said. Masina Shenge (39) said for the past three years, people who speak Swati had been holding meetings in the area. “These houses are occupied mostly by nurses and some young people. The elders who registered for houses in 1996 have not been placed,” she said. Tahir Sema, a spokesman for Gauteng Human Settlements Department, said he was aware that a number of houses in the area were illegally occupied. “The City of Ekurhuleni has already instituted legal eviction processes to ensure that the illegal occupants are legally evicted to enable allocations to approved earmarked beneficiaries,” said Sema. He said the department sometimes received allegations of corruption, including that RDPs were being sold, but most of them were not supported by evidence or reported to the cops. “It then becomes difficult to follow through these cases. The department’s anti-fraud and corruption unit was established to deal with allegations made against staff members,” he said.