BAFANA Bafana players would be mistaken if they think they face a physical taxing week in camp. The next four days will be about the mental and tactical work, according to Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki. Not since they tackled Sudan in November have Bafana been in action, thanks largely to the Covid-19 pandemic which wrecked havoc with international football. But they are back in camp for the friendlies against Namibia on Thursday and Zambia on Sunday at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium this week. Ntseki welcomed his local-players in camp in Joburg yesterday, having not seen most of them since the last camp. He said he is expecting the overseas-based to arrive today and tomorrow, before the team trek to Rustenburg tomorrow to resume preparations. “It’ll not necessarily be the fitness but our tactical and mental approach to the coming Caf qualifiers. We’ve got to psyche ourselves more in terms of what we want to achieve and how,” said Ntseki. “Fitness-wise, yes... You might get those 80%, 70%. Maybe the overseas-based they’re are on 90 to 95%. But I don’t think any of the players is at its best in term of fitness levels because of the Covid-19. Even in the bio-bubble, they struggled to get to their peak. “But for us, it’s not going to be about the physical but the mental approach. It’s about what we want to achieve from these two matches. These friendlies will help us a lot. The locally-based players are already in camp. I’m expecting the overseas-players at breakfast tomorrow.” Among the new faces expected in the camp are overseas-based Kurt Abrahams, Thibang Phete and new Mamelodi Sundowns goalkeeper Ricardo Goss. But notable omissions have been Itumeleng Khune and Hlompho Kekana. But nothing is cast in stone as Ntseki could instil the changes for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers against Sao Tome and Principe next month. South Africa are currently second in their qualifying group (Group C), three points behind leaders Ghana with four games left. Bafana will round off the qualifiers in March next year with a home game against Ghana before they visit Sudan.