CHIPPA United have addressed the issue of the club reportedly being handed a transfer ban by FIFA. The Chilli Boys are said to have been banned from signing players by the world football governing body. This after there were concerns regarding the two transfers from Botswana outfit Gaborone United. The club have given their side of the story in the issue. "Chippa United has opted to offer a response after inaccurate information emerged on Wednesday night and with the Club also not offered an opportunity to correct the facts regarding a transfer ban that has been issued by world football body, FIFA, ahead of the 2020/21 season," read a statement released by the club. "This matter concerns the transfer of two players from Gaborone United in Botswana to the Club in the 2018/2019 season, which was arranged through an erstwhile Director at Gaborone United. "Later, there were direct talks between the parties that involved Chippa United assisting to try return one of the players back to Gaborone United FC, as the player had been linked with opposition teams in Botswana at the time."Having paid certain amounts towards the transfer and the release of the players, we considered the matter finalised."To our surprise, we received a letter of demand for transfer fees from another individual that we knew to be a team owner in South Africa. Accordingly, we defended this through our attorneys."In May this year, we received communication from FIFA on this matter from a different set of individuals, who claimed to be representatives of Gaborone United."We defended ourselves with the world football body, including the fact that we had earlier responded to a separate demand for the same matter."Subsequently, we were surprised to note that a judgement had been granted against the club on 25 May in favour of Gaborone United FC, without any acknowledgment of our response through alternative, the right to appeal the decision. We have been waiting for a FIFA response since 21 July 2020. In the meantime, the Club has decided that it will immediately pay the amounts as per FIFA decision in order for the registration process of its players to be completed, while we wait for FIFA to respond."The information being peddled in the media regarding a transfer ban is therefore irrelevant and does not affect the Club's ability to register as this ban fall away upon payment."