EFF leader Julius Malema has threatened to invade farms whose owners are refusing to share the land with black people. Malema said this generation would have failed in its duty if it were to celebrate 50 years of democracy if it didn’t achieve the distribution of land. “Very soon if there is no progress, we may start occupying these farms because there is no movement. We need movement of the programme of expropriation of land without compensation. This occupation that we are doing, we just firing warning shots,” he said. “We want the real thing. If you don’t want your farm to occupied, share it with black people, share it with your workers. There’s no way we’re going to spend another 20 years with black people on farms, with black people in industries without black people in the strategic sectors of our economy,” Malema threatened. In a marathon press conference at the party’s headquarters in Braamfotein, Joburg, Malema called for the arrests of Unemployment Insurance Fund. He also had a go at the State Capture Inquiry chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, saying it appeared the commission just wanted to tarnish his image and not really wanted to investigate him. “I will go on my own to the Zondo Commission and Zondo can ask me anything about my statements and that of my grandmother. Anything you want from me or my grandmother, Zondo can ask me, Hawks can ask me, the NPA can ask me. I have nothing to hide. “They are not looking for statements, they want to create doubt and leave us with a dark cloud. I spoke to the secretary of the commission and said you are either going to clarify this or you’re going to call us to the commission,” he claimed. Malema also announced that the party will be pushing for the employment of 60% South Africans in the hospitality industry and other sectors. He said the party will not be targeting employees, but rather the employers who were only hiring foreigners in a what he said was a calculated move to set up locals against foreigners. Malema said it was in the best interest of foreigners to work with locals because the foreigners were being abused by employers who were paying them far less than they would pay locals. In next year’s local elections, the party will be targeting municipalities and details in this aspect will be made available, he said, adding that the red berets were in favour of local elections and national elections being synchronized to have one election once in five years. He said the party also welcomed the suggestion that the current term of municipalities be extended to 2024. Malema called on party regions to hold regional meetings ahead of the local elections next. The regions must hold these meeting by end of March next year.