ZAMBIA coach Milutin Sredojevic has been dealt a major blow ahead of Chipolopolo’s friendly international against Bafana Bafana at Royal Bafokeng Stadium on Sunday. Sredojevic will be without their Red Bull Salzburg stars – Patson Daka and Enoch Mwepu. Both players have been ruled out of this friendly match as their Austrian club have quarantined their entire squad. This came after the club confirmed positive Covid-19 results from unmanned players after their Uefa Champions League play-off against Maccabi Tel Aviv last Wednesday. This led to Salzburg to decline invitations for the duo to travel to Lusaka to meet the rest of the squad to prepare for the clash against Bafana, and a match against east African nation Kenya. “The first round of Covid-19 tests after our Uefa Champions League play-off match against Maccabi Tel Aviv has seen three FC Red Bull Salzburg players test positive,” read the club statement. “The players, who are all currently without symptoms, have gone straight into self-isolation. As part of the Covid-19 prevention concept, the Austrian Bundesliga, Austrian Football Association and the relevant health authorities have been informed. “The rest of our squad have begun a team quarantine according to the prevention concept. “This means that they can only travel between their houses, the training ground and match locations. No other contacts should be needed. “In addition, all international call-ups for FC Red Bull Salzburg players in the next two weeks have been rejected. “This is a standard procedure that is required as part of the Covid-19 prevention concept agreed between the Austrian Bundesliga, Austrian Football Association and Austrian authorities.” Zambia secretary-general Adrian Kashala confirmed to SunSport that the duo will not be part of the squad to face Kenya and Bafana during this month’s Fifa calendar date, set aside for international matches. This will provide a selection headache for Sredojevic as Justin Shonga was suspended by Orlando Pirates, and was absent when the 2019-20 PSL season was completed in a bio-bubble in Gauteng last month. Daka and Mwepu have taken Austrian league by storm since they were signed in 2017-18 season. They have won the Bundesliga three times and also won two domestic cups. Daka, in particular, has been unstoppable in the Austrian league. He scored 24 goals in 31 league matches last season and has already netted five times in four league matches this season.