GOVERNMENT was caught napping when billions of rands meant
to fight the coronavirus was looted through corruption involving public
servants and the politically connected. This was the admission made by Deputy-President David Mabuza
when answering to questions in the National Assembly today. He said the government did not know how vulnerable
procurement systems were when it made billions available for relief. He said they are trying to close the loopholes and are
trying to revamp the procurement system. “We need to have checks and balances that will detect
corruption as early as possible,” said Mabuza. Mabuza revealed that the Special Investigative Unit was
currently investigating up to R5 billion in contracts alleged to have been
improperly awarded to various companies in the procurement of personal
protective equipments. “We are going to protect this democracy. We are going to
stand up and fight. So it is upon all of us as leaders sitting in this
parliament to confront these challenges,” he said. Mabuza said the challenges ranged from corruption,
gender-based-violence and the fight against corona. Mabuza said corruption was
not only in government but also in the private sector and the society at large. He added that President Cyril Ramaphosa’s economic recovery
plan included the fight against corruption. Mabuza implored opposition political parties to rally behind
Ramaphosa’s plan. “We can add to the plan but let us make it work,” Mabuza
said. He said the corrupt activities revealed through the law
enforcement agencies highlight the extent to which the country’s moral fibre
has been compromised in pursuit of self enrichment. Regarding Eskom, Mabuza admitted that there were challenges
but said the current leadership has presented a maintenance plan that will in
the long run reduce the price of electricity. He acknowledged that renewable
energy was the future. He said businesses are finding it very hard to operate and
residents are finding it difficult to pay for electricity. “But for now we are still with the coal supplied electricity
for the immediate future,” he said.