THE Mzansi boxing community is divided over a proposed march to the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) for not showing live boxing fights. A group, led by Free State-based promoter Lebohang Mahoko, is planning a protest against the absence of live boxing on the public broadcaster. The proposed march is planned for 4 November to SABC headquarters in Auckland Park.  However, the newly established Save Our Boxing Movement and local boxing legends are against the idea. Despite the opposition from other boxing stakeholders, Mahoko has vowed to go ahead with the protest. “We have been asked by Boxing South Africa (BSA) to halt with the protest as they are still in negotiations with SABC,” said Mahoko. “My question is: when were they going to tell us about their negotiations if we did not organise this march? We are waiting for BSA but if nothing is happening, then we are going ahead with the protest as planned. “We are not fighting anybody here, but acting in the best interest of boxing. Boxing is allowed to resume without spectators and without live television broadcasts. What is the point? “How will promoters get sponsors to put a tournament together when no one will be able to watch except ring officials and trainers? Why is boxing treated differently from other sporting codes? “The masses who love boxing are completely shut out of their favourite sport. If you still want to criticise me for standing up to the SABC for the non-broadcast of boxing, then you don’t have an interest in boxing but your own agenda. All we want is SABC to bring back live boxing.” The Bloemfontein-based businessman questioned how can SABC prioritise a broadcast deal with the Bundesliga, yet fail to air live local boxing. Last month the public broadcaster announced a two-year broadcast deal with the German soccer league. SABC sport has also been televising the English Premier League on SABC. The founding member of Save Boxing Movement Pius Dipheko said they are against the protest. “Unfortunately Save our Boxing SA movement will not support the march until there is proof that the broadcaster was engaged about the matter first, and then they refused to assist boxing to get back on it’s feet,” he countered. “I am informed that the reason behind the march is because the broadcaster signed a deal with a European soccer league and not SA boxing. Did the leader of the march engage the SABC first about the matter first? The answer is no. I wouldn’t take them seriously if I was the broadcaster.” According to the former boxer, they are all concerned about the state of boxing in SA but stressed they cannot allow emotions to control them. He said they will follow the correct protocols and have a meeting with the public broadcaster before November. Meanwhile, legend Lehlohonolo Ledwaba, whose picture was used on a poster marketing the march, agreed with Dipheko. “I think the march has to be the last resort after they have engaged with SABC first. I won’t be part of the protest, they used my picture without my consent,” said Ledwaba.