MARITZBURG United coach Eric Tinkler is starting to feel the heat after only three games into the new season. Tinkler’s side have failed to win any of those matches. The Team of Choice were beaten 2-1 by Kaizer Chiefs in the MTN8 quarter-finals on the opening day of the new season, and have lost both DStv Premiership matches, losing 2-1 against Baroka FC and on Wednesday went down 1-0 at home to Cape Town City. With the football coaching industry judged by results, Tinkler knows what is around the corner if he is unable to turn around the Team of Choice’s bad start this season. “As coaches, we are judged purely whether we won or lost the game,” said Tinkler. “That’s hard fact after we lost the game on Wednesday. I feel for the boys, I must be very honest. I thought they worked their socks off. “Football can be cruel sometimes and as a coach, I have to take that responsibility,” added Tinkler whose side finished with 10 men against the Citizens after new player Riyaaz Ismail was sent off in the 44th minute. “I’m fully aware of what people think. People don’t judge on the performances, they judge purely whether you won or lost and we didn’t win the game.” But he has time to work with his players and try and put things right as his next league fixture is against Chippa United next Tuesday at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. But Maritzburg have not recorded a win since beating Polokwane City in March before last season was suspended due to the deadly outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. When the season restarted in a bio-bubble in Gauteng in August, Maritzburg failed to win any of their remaining matches. Since that win over Rise and Shine, Maritzburg have lost six of their last nine games in all competitions, including their last five matches. However, this is not the first time Tinkler has been in this position. United failed to win any of the opening five league games last season and Maritzburg chairman, Farook Kadodia kept faith in him. However, he quickly turned things around in the sixth match. The Team of Choice never looked back and went from strength to strength reaching the Telkom Knockout final in December and finished seventh in the Premiership.