MPUMALANGA cops in Delmas have bust three suspects for allegedly plotting a farm attack which left a woman dead in Sundra on Wednesday. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi told Daily Sun preliminary investigations revealed the 44-year-old victim was preparing to resume her daily duties on the farm and told her worker to help load a lawnmower onto the bakkie and then saw two armed men inside the yard. The men apparently instructed the worker to strip before tying him up and telling him to lie down. “The suspects then attacked the woman, despite her screaming for help and allegedly strangled her to death and went to the house, where they assaulted her mum with a firearm. As if that was not enough, the suspects helped themselves to the victims’ belongings and locked a female employee in the bathroom before fleeing the scene in a white Chevrolet LDV bakkie that they stole from the family.” But the woman’s mum alerted the neighbourhood watch and cops were called. A high-speed chase ensued between the suspects and the neighbourhood watch, resulting in the suspects’ vehicle overturning on the R50 near Delmas. “The suspects crawled out of the car and tried to escape but were caught shortly afterwards and were both handed over to the police. Further investigation led to the arrest of a third man aged 40, the employee at the farm who was earlier made to take off his clothes. It surfaced that all the drama of the man being tied up was nothing but an act,” said Hlathi. A firearm was recovered inside the overturned vehicle, as well as a firearm magazine with ammunition where one of the suspects was hiding and other items found there included belongings which police believe were stolen from the victims and a jacket which had blood stains. “The three were charged with murder and robbery with additional charges of illegal possession of a firearm and ammunition, as well as possession of suspected stolen property and they’re expected to appear in the Delmas Magistrates Court soon,” Hlathi said.