REINING World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African cruiserweight champion, Akani “Prime” Phuzi, said he feels the pain of his arch-rival Chris “The Wolf” Thompson after he sustained an injury ahead of their much anticipated grudge rematch. The pair were expected to renew their fierce cruiserweight rivalry at Emperors Palace on Saturday. Their bout had to be pulled out of the Golden Gloves bill, after Thompson sustained an injury during his preparations. Thompson, who lost twice to the unbeaten WBA regional cruiserweight king, was the one who called for a third showdown against Phuzi. “I really feel sorry for him because he wanted this fight more than I did. The fight would have given him the chance to put his words into action. Since last year he has been calling me out. He has now missed out on that opportunity because I’m ready to move to the next level of my career,” said Phuzi. The former amateur star said he is ready to elevate his boxing career to international level. “Covid-19 made us to agree to this fight. We had no other choice but take local fights to keep going. “Our backs were against the wall. I don’t think we will fight again, maybe it can happen but I hope not. I beat him twice, so for me there is nothing to gain,” he said. The 26-year-old won the WBA Pan African crown two years ago when he outpointed Yousouf Kasambo Mwanza from the Democratic of Congo. He went on to defend it twice. He boasts an impressive unbeaten record in 11 outings. Phuzi said he would like to cross swords with Johnny Muller before going onto the international stage. “I think his experience can prepare me for the next level of my career. There were talks that we might clash this year. We will see how those negotiations shape up,” he said. Meanwhile Thompson, who strongly believes that he can turn the tables around against his conqueror, is hoping to meet Phuzi in the near future. “I really wanted the fight with him and believe I will beat him now. I hope the fight will happen in December this year. Unfortunately, I ruptured the ligaments in my left hand during sparring,” said Thompson.