IN South Africa when you are 30, you must retire! That is the perception of many football supporters who feel that once you reach the 30 you are no longer able to compete at the highest level. And TS Galaxy veteran, Reneilwe Letsholonyane says that mindset must stop. At the age of 38, Yeye, as he is famously known in the football circles, is still going strong and the thought of calling it a day has not yet crossed his mind. He is one of the few senior players in the Premiers Soccer League who are still active together with AmaZulu’s duo Siphiwe Tshabalala (36), Tsepo Masilela (35) and Free State Stars captain Paulos Masehe (37). “There is a perception in this country that when you reach a certain age you must retire, it is a perception that we need to change in the country,” said Letsholonyane. “For an example when I turned professional, I had players like Andrew Rabutla, who were way older than me, the likes of Collen Tlemo and Innocent Ntsume." Letsholonyane went on explaining: “I moved to another team (Kaizer Chiefs in 2008) I got players like Thabo Mooki, Arthur Zwane, Tinashe Nengomasha, the same thing happened. “So, it doesn’t mean that by virtue of being old then you must be phased out, there is time for everything. When you feel that by the age of 30 you are still okay to play then you must do it. "If there is still that love, hunger within you that you can still go for a few more years, then go for it." The Galaxy midfielder explained that some young players still need to be nurtured since they can’t do it on their own. He stated: “Whether we like it or not, young players will never change everything at the same time on their own. “We all know they get excited and then things get out of hand, so you need those people with calm heads who will help them to get to point B. It took me 30 minutes to get to points B, but I can help a young player take maybe 15 minutes.” Letsholonyane is happy that Tshabalala and Masilela are also nurturing the youth at Usuthu. “I am happy for Shabba (Tshabalala who recently joined AmaZulu) Tsepo Masilela who is still playing that side (in Durban). They will do the same job that we do with Bevan Fransman this side.” 