THE FORMER president has made it clear he will NOT go to the Zondo Commission without a fight. It’s war and it’s going to be a long battle. BUT JACOB ZUMA AND HIS LAWYERS ARE READY TO GO THE DISTANCE! Zuma has announced he’ll neither give evidence at the state capture inquiry nor take part in the proceedings until a court of law makes the ruling. His lawyers will on 16 November formally ask Deputy Justice Raymond Zondo to recuse himself on that day, on which he’s scheduled to appear. And that’s only the start. . . From there, according to his lawyer Eric Mabuza, the legal team will take the matter to court to get Zondo to recuse himself in an application that’s set to take months to complete. Zuma’s lawyers are arguing that he’s being treated as an accused person in an inquiry that’s supposed to investigate corruption, and that he won’t take part in the commission. Mabuza told Daily Sun this was one of the reasons the legal team didn’t take part in proceedings on Friday when evidence leaders submitted an application for the summons. “We no longer take this process seriously,” said Mabuza. “That’s why we didn’t attend the Friday application for the summons to be issued. “But we’re going to formally apply on 16 November for Zondo to recuse himself.” He said the team will lay down reasons why Zondo should recuse himself, mainly pointing to what he says is his bias against Zuma. Mabuza pointed to how Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan was supposedly treated by Zondo when he had to appear. “You can’t have an angel and devil and deny people a fair hearing. The list of 34 witnesses is worrying,” he said. “Zuma is a central figure in this commission but is expected to appear at the beginning. “Why is President Cyril Ramaphosa not appearing first? Why is Zuma told to appear first? We’re not going to be part of this commission.” Zuma was supposed to appear and give his version on allegations of state capture. He’s implicated by 34 witnesses, a point which his lawyers are going to dispute when they file court papers. Mabuza could neither divulge details of the application nor reveal the personal relationship between Zuma and Zondo. “We didn’t bring that in the beginning because we thought he was going to be reasonable. But now we have seen that he’s not.” 