THE gloves are off as Boxing South Africa (BSA) and its licensees clash over a proposed protest march to the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) next month. The regulatory body has threatened to take action against its licensees who participate in the march while boxing stakeholders vowed to continue with the protest as planned. When Boxing SA acting CEO Cindy Nkomo learned about the proposed march she issued a statement distancing themselves from it and threatened to take action against the licensees who will protest to the public broadcaster. “BSA distances itself from this march and reinstates its position to continuously engage the SABC on boxing broadcasting. The recent engagements between BSA and SABC give assurance of SABC’s commitment to the sport in redressing the absence of boxing broadcasting and any challenges that may exist. “Whilst we as an organisation respect the right for expression and don’t promote censorship of views, we have a responsibility to protect BSA’s image, licensees and relationships with our stakeholders that we have built over time including, but not limited to, that with the national broadcaster,” reads the statement. “BSA will therefore not hesitate to take decisive actions against any BSA licensee that acts in any manner that brings the sport of boxing and its image into disrepute as this has a far reaching negative impact. Licensees are therefore advised to be measured in their approach in addressing any concern they may have related to boxing and to use available processes to raise these concerns,” the statement continued. However, the licensees have vowed to forge ahead with the protest as planned. Bloemfontein based promoter Lebohang Mahoko responded to the BSA statement on behalf of concerned licensees. “We live in a democratic country where any aggrieved citizen can exercise his or her democratic right to embark on a peaceful march without fear of reprisals. The acting CEO has threatened strong action against licensees who will be marching. Let’s wait and see which law she will use to act against peaceful marchers exercising their democratic rights to protest peacefully against the SABC. We will defend ourselves from any unlawful action that aims to oppress us,” said Mahoko. “We are SABC TV licensees who pay TV licenses. When we march to SABC as citizens to demand live boxing on SABC, we do so as TV license holders. This march will also include all boxing supporters who want to see live boxing on SABC TV and listen to boxing on the radio,” he said. According to the Free State businessman, their motive is that boxing is largely supported by the poor people who cannot afford monthly DStv premiums to watch live local boxing. Mahoko claims Nkomo did not engage licensees to inform them about their negotiations with the public broadcaster before issuing their threatening media statement. 