JOBURG’S Emergency Management Services said today they would remain on high alert amid sustained rainfall across the city. This comes after thunderstorms associated with severe lightning and flash floods wreaked havoc across Gauteng. Yesterday two people were killed after being struck by lightning in separate incidents. A man believed to be in his 30s was struck and killed by lightning on a farm in Elandsfontein. ER24 spokesperson Russel Meiring said paramedics responded to the scene at 4.55pm and found the man lying motionless. “He was surrounded by a number of his colleagues. “Medics assessed the man and found that he showed no signs of life. Unfortunately, nothing could be done for him and he was declared dead,” Meiring said. EMS spokesman Robert Mulaudzi told Daily Sun that another person was killed after being struck by lightning in Melville. “Unfortunately, the patient was confirmed dead at the scene and investigations by local authorities are currently in motion,” he said. Mulaudzi said they were ready to deal with emergency calls and urged motorists to be extra careful on the roads. “It’s raining in most parts of the city and most roads are wet and slippery. “Motorists are urged to exercise caution and avoid crossing flooded roads and bridges,” he said. Mulaudzi said there were no major incidents reported in residential areas apart from the streets being flooded and walls falling due to strong winds. The city has also identified flood-prone hotspots which include areas such as Alexandra, Centurion, Edenvale and Kempton Park. Meanwhile, Joburg Disaster Management Centre said the South African Weather Services had issued a level two warning on severe thunderstorms which were likely to occur today. “It is predicted that the storm may result in flooding of low-lying crossings and low-lying areas. “It could also cause temporary disruption to traffic due to reduced visibility and flooded road surfaces,” Joburg Disaster Management said. Many took to social media to vent their frustrations after the newly refurbished M1 South and M1 North double-decker bridge in Newtown was also flooded. Wendy Bloem said: “This is the same bridge that had months-long extensive maintenance and repair works. How on earth can these drains be blocked?” “It calls for many questions because a lot of money was used to reconstruct the bridge and now it’s making it difficult for motorists to travel to their various destinations,” Thulane Shange wrote on Facebook.