WITH the Dstv Premiership set to kick-off this weekend, the excitement is palpable in TS Galaxy camp. The Rockets, as they are famously known, will make their debut in the elite league with a tricky encounter against fellow rookies Tsakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). The match between these two sides is scheduled to take place at Thohoyandou Stadium in Venda on Sunday (3pm).Both these teams were playing in the GladAfrica Championships last season. At the end of the last campaign, Galaxy acquired the status of Highlands Park while TTM bought Bidvest Wits. In the past seasons, we have seen teams from lower league struggle to make an impact when they got to the top-flight. With these two, it remains to be seen whether they will raise the bar and compete as they have already made some interesting signings thus far. The excitement was all over from players to technical staff on Thursday during the clubs training at Discovery Sports Park in Sandton. They are looking forward to their highly anticipated first match of the season. The club chairman Tim Sukazi had this to say: “We are coming to the PSL to add a very interesting dimension, the kind of football that resonates to the South African football talent at its best." Sukazi added: “I think that has been the missing puzzle to our game. That will identify us from the rest.” Lanky striker, Mxolisi Macuphu who joined the club from Wits said the integration of the GladAfrica players and one who was in the top flight last season has gone well, however, the first three games will be a test of character. Macuphu stated: “It is always going to be difficult on the first game, it’s a different ball game. So, give it three to four games I think we will have a perfectly oiled machine." Another Galaxy new signing Karabo Tshepe who joined the club after he was released by Black Leopards said: “It is going to be a thriller, I believe in the confidence of the coach, team, we are going to surprise a lot of teams. We are  looking forward to this.”