WITH  an aim of ensuring that GladAfrica Championship gets their two teams as soon as possible Safa has declared the 2019-20 ABC Motsepe League final with the current standings. This means the nine provincial teams that are currently occupying the number one spots will proceed to the National Playoffs of the Motsepe League. The national play-offs are scheduled to take place in Gauteng from 7 November.Safa stated that the decision was taken in order to determine the two teams which will be promoted to the GladAfrica Championships. As a result of this decision, there will be no relegation in the ABC Motsepe League in the 2019-20 season and there would be 18 teams in each Province for the 2020-21 season. In a circular sent out to all Provinces, Safa CEO, Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe said the Covid-19 pandemic has affected the development of football in the world in general and South African football’s non-professional league in the country. ‘’The non-professional football was forced to stop before the matches could be finished in March 2020. There is a need for Safa to promote the two teams which will participate in the GladAfrica championships in the 2020/2021 season,” Motlanthe said. “Also the registration period of players in the National Soccer League (NSL) is expected to close on 30 November 2020. ‘’Safa has to promote and not deny the opportunity to the teams which must be promoted to GladAfrica championships. The two promoted teams must be afforded enough opportunity to register and add more quality players for sustainability in the professional ranks. ‘’The two teams must be provided with enough time to prepare for resumption of the GladAfrica championships,’’ concluded Advocate Motlanthe. Motlanthe said all other amateur football was still suspended until the Association gets a green light to resume from the government. Here are the nine team that will participate in the play-offs -Bizana (Eastern Cape) -Mangaung Unite (Free State) -Pretoria Callies (Gauteng) -Mikhado (Limpopo) -Mpumalanga Utd (Mpumalanga) -Plk City Rovers (North West) -Hungry Lions (Northern Cape) -Zizwe United (Western Cape)- -Umvoti (KZN)