EVEN after decades of being in the music industry, award-winning music producer, DJ Sdunkero continues to make his mark. The talented musician, whose real name is Dumisane Kunene, is set to release his much-anticipated album Sir Groova. Speaking to SunBuzz the DJ said: “I started working on the album in 2017, when I released my single Shakara, and did a national tour. “People responded well to the song and it did really well on digital platforms. Then I decided to work on the whole project.” The Mpumalanga-born musician said working on this album has been amazing. ALSO READ: OUR OWN NANDI TO JOIN LA JET SET! “It’s been a while since I released a full project. So working on this particular project was really inspirational,” he said. “I believe people are going to love and appreciate this album because there’s growth and maturity in my sound.” The talented DJ, who’s also known as the godfather of Mpumalanga house music, said he hopes Sir Groova reintroduces him into the music scene. “With this album my plan is to reintroduces DJ Sdunkero, as this album is different and unique from all the other projects I’ve worked on before. “This was because I wanted to show people that I can be versatile and can tap into other genres,” he said. “Although I’ve added a new sound, I’ve also moved with the times to accommodate new-age kids. But there’s still that element of Sdunkero.” DJ Sdunkero, who has five albums under his belt, said he remains relevant in the music scene because he’s open to working with the younger generation. “The music industry is constantly changing and there’s no point in releasing a new album, but your sound is still stuck in 2010. “So to stay relevant, you need to work with these young producers to gather fresh, new ideas,” he said. “That’ll help you align with the young audience.” DJ Sdunkero said his journey in the music scene has been a bumpy ride. “My journey in the music industry has had its ups and downs. After I won the South African Music Awards I rose and after that there was a bit of a slump. “That’s where I discovered and learnt a lot about myself and I’m grateful for all the lessons I’ve learnt thus far. “They made me better and stronger,” he said. On the album DJ Sdunkero has collaborated with some of Mzansi’s finest musicians, including artists such as Shana, DJ Christos, Shisaboy, Zamo Dlamini and Vusi Ndlovu. The album will be available on all digital platforms on 31 October.