The Enlightened Christian Gathering (ECG) Church under the leadership of Shepard Bushiri, has acknowledged support from individuals and associations ahead of their leader and his wife’s court appearance on tomorrow. Bushiri, his Wife Mary, and another accused, Landiwe Ntlokwana, have been behind bars following their arrests on Tuesday by the Hawks. The trio will be appearing at the Pretoria Magistrate Court to plead for bail. They are facing charges of fraud and money laundering amounting to R102 million. Bushiri’s church has taken time to appreciate Sanco Gauteng and #NOTINMYNAME as organisations for coming up and to stand with their leader and his wife as they appear in court for their bail hearing. The church has also acknowledged Member of Parliament (MP) Boy Mamabolo for his alleged support and coming up to stand with Bushiri and his wife. In a statement by the ECG Church’s spokesman, Ephraim Nyondo, said the two organisations and Mamabolo have demonstrated their belief in justice and unity. “We value the position these two organizations and our parliamentarian Honourable Mamabolo have taken as it demonstrates their strongest belief in justice and unity. “We also want to take this opportunity to also extend our gratitude to several other church leaders, civil rights groups and other parliamentarians who have spoken strongly in solidarity with Prophet Bushiri and Prophetess Mary,” said Nyondo in a statement Nyondo also called for calmness among their church members and supporters ahead of yet another court appearance. “In the same vein, the Church would like to reiterate to its members, followers and the general public, to continue being calm and in prayer, because as faithful's we believe nothing comes to chance without seeking the face of God. “To those who will be standing with our leaders this Monday at Pretoria High Court, we appeal for sobriety and strict adherence to law and order. You are also advised to ensure that you follow all the COVID-19 regulations,” said Nyondo