THERE is no more Ikamva for Ajax Cape Town. An era has ended. A chapter has been closed. Perhaps, to put it bluntly, hopes for football development in the Mother City have been dented. The severing of ties between Ajax Cape Town and Dutch parent club, Ajax Amsterdam, has sounded a death knell for development. Minority shareholders, Cape Town Stars, confirmed this week that they have bought out the Dutch side, who held a controlling 51% stake in the club. In truth, the writing has been on the wall for several years. In January, the Dutch club accused Ajax Cape Town boss Ari Efstathiou of lacking football acumen. They also accused him of paying players poor salaries, selling players with the objective of raising the highest profits over player development, and of using the club’s status to create personal revenue and further his own business interests. Relations soured over the slow stream of players from the Cape to Amsterdam. Not since Thulani Serero switched from the Urban Warriors to the Dutch Eredivisie side has there been anyone transferring overseas. This is despite several players, including Zaakir Allie going on trials. Leo Thethani and Dean Solomons have signed with the Dutch giants, but are leaving the club without making first team appearances. This is a sad indictment on the development structure which has produced, among others, the talents of Steven Pienaar, Ninja Mofokeng and Enoh Eyong for the Amsterdam side. Locally, almost every PSL side had an Ajax player on their books, from Khama Billiat, George Maluleka, Keagan Dolly, Thulani Hlatshwayo, Lebogang Manyama, Nathan Paulse, Moeneeb Josephs, Dillon Sheppard, Willard Katsande and Rivaldo Coetzee to name but a few. Of course, the death of Ajax signals the rebirth of Cape Town Spurs. But will the club retain the same development structures with limited resources? The legacy left by Ajax will remain. But football development in the Mother City may never be the same, without a club willing to open doors for youngsters as the Urban Warriors did. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso