KAIZER Chiefs registered their first DStv Premiership win of the season when they beat Chippa United 1-0 at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium last night. Chippa defender Gregory Damon’s scored an own goal in the 77th minutes to the relief of Amakhosi coach Gavin Hunt who was disappointed after receiving the bad news that their appeal to overturn the two transfer window ban was dismissed by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS). Chiefs heard the bad news prior to kick-off. Amakhosi were found guilty for signing Dax Andrianarimanana while he was still under contract with Madagascar side Foca Juniors. This means Hunt will now be forced to wait until June next year before he can sign his own players in the market. The outspoken mentor will now have to reshuffle the side that finished second under Ernst Middendorp in order to wrestle the league title away from champions Mamelodi Sundowns. Hunt didn’t want to dwell too much on the issue as he was focused on the job at hand in a bid to help his side register their first league win of the season against Chippa United at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. The Soweto giants started their league campaign on a bad note as they were hammered 3-0 by the Brazilians last weekend. “I will worry about that after the game. I will wait for the chairman (Kaizer Motaung to release a statement,” Said Hunt prior to their showdown with the Chilli Boys. The former Bidvest Wits mentor made for changes to his starting line-up that lost to Downs as he preferred Daniel Akpeyi in goal ahead of Bafana Bafana keeper Itumeleng Khune who was relegated to the bench after conceding three goals. He also brought in Siyabonga Ngezana, Philani Zulu, Kearyn Baccus and Njabulo Blom hoping to swing the game in their favour. His counterpart, Lehlohonolo Seema retained the same starting line-up that drew 1-1 with Cape Town City in their opening league game at the weekend. Chiefs had the upper hand in the first half since they created plenty of scoring chances, but the goalpost came to Chippa's rescue on three occasion denying Leonardo Castro, Lebogang Manyama and Khama Billiat the lead. Chiefs  continue to dominate Chippa after the break, but it was Chippa keeper Veli Mothwa who made three great saves to keep his side in the game. However, the Chilli Boys defence finally cracked in the 77th minute when their defender Gregory Damons scored an own goal while trying to clear Manyama's cross to safety. 