YET another heartbreak awaits Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates fans in the early season MTN8 Cup. Mamelodi Sundowns are headed for a disastrous season, and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) could cause several shocks in their maiden PSL season. These are some of the things we’ve learnt from the season-opening cup matches last weekend. Of course, SuperSport United have some sort of a birthright to be in the top-eight final every other season or two, since Pitso Mosimane famously led them to the then Absa Cup final victory over Amakhosi 16 years ago. Despite their perennial financial woes, Bloemfontein Celtic continue to defy the odds and punch above their weight. No amount of boardroom politics or financial uncertainty can distract them from their core business, seen as they bundled mighty Sundowns out of the knockout tourney. “Mr Whitehead” is surely smiling on them from the heavens. It is unclear when, or perhaps whether or not we will see fans at the stadium this season, with Covid-19 still dictating social terms. As it is, the two-legged Soweto derby tie will be played behind closed doors. For the first time in history, players of both the Soweto giants will be met by an eerie silence when they walk out of the cavernous FNB Stadium. But the sad truth is, one of the two will not be in the top-eight final this season. Both teams have suffered more heartbreaks than a teenage lover, a succession of early cup exits and failure in the league accounting for several years of under-achievement. Pirates have started the season pretty much as they finished last season, as they laboured to a narrow 1-0 win against Cape Town City. The goal-scoring malaise is still afflicting the Buccaneers, seeing as they were unable to score more than two goals in any of their last 11 matches. Coach Josef Zinnbauer faces a massive task helping his attackers locate the posts, bigger than that of summoning witnesses at the state capture commission. His Chiefs counterpart, Gavin Hunt, hasn’t had the luxury of recruiting new players as Amakhosi grapple with the Fifa transfer ban. But early signs are that Hunt is leading a revolution against mediocrity, working to get the best out of some of the highly talented but underachieving players. TTM may look like a disaster in the making, but the clairvoyant in me says they will cause a few upsets. The “Shadrack, Meshack and Abednego” project hasn’t gotten off to a rollicking start at Sundowns. Manqoba Mngqithi, Rhulani Mokwena and Steve Komphela are still working to fix what ain’t broken. But it won’t end well for the trio. Notwithstanding the lockdown challenges, we can expect another great season. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso