ORANGE Farm parents also need to play their role to help deal with the scourge of child killings and kidnapping in the area. The MEC of Community Safety Faith Mazibuko said parents always need to know where their children are. Mazibuko was speaking after incidents of the child killings and kidnapping in the troubled kasi of Orange Farm. Speaking at the Okae Molao Operation in the area, Mazibuko said, “One thing that we want to emphasise, patents must help us here in Orange Farm. “You can’t send your 6 year- old to a shop after 6pm, that’s dangerous because that is when they get grabbed by people because right now there’s an incident of a 5-year-old child who was raped.   “When asked, the mother said she had sent the child to the shop. Parents must stop sending children to the shops at night,” she said. She added, “You must always know where your child is, others only realise late in the evening that the child has disappeared, it means even during the day they are not even worried if the child has eaten or not.” The MEC urged parents of Orange Farm to help law enforcement help us to fight this scurge because now criminals are targeting younger children. Provincial Police Commissioner, Lieutenant General Elias Mawela said, “Orange Farm there’s a lot of complaints, people say there is no police visibility and also the GBV in the area.” He said they came to the area to give residents an assurance that they are not on their own.   Residents have continuously complained about the police station in the area not serving them. In two children were recently killed and their bodies dumped not far from their homes last month. Mawela said crime has gone down in the area accorinding to the crime stats, but acknowledged that there are societal issues such as GBV in the area and urged residents to work with the police. Meanwhile at the roadblock, a motorist fled after being pulled over, abandoning a bakkie he was driving. “Here is another vehicle abandoned by the driver, who was in possession of a fraudulent drivers licence, we also suspect that the driver is using this bakkie and the equipment here for illegal mining.” The bakkie and the equipment were confiscated.