NEW AmaZulu acquisition Luvuyo Memela is determined to help his new club achieve success. Memela said the ambition of new chairman Sandile Zungu convinced him to sign for Usuthu. Zungu wants the side to finish in the top four of the DStv Premiership this season. He added it was unacceptable that a club of Usuthu’s size have not won a cup since 1992 when they beat Kaizer Chiefs in the Coca-Cola Cup final. The Durban-born businessman also wants to win three league titles before the club’s centenary in 2032. Memela said the Usuthu chairman’s ambition matches his own ambitions. “AmaZulu want to achieve things now. I’m very happy to be here and also the ambition of the chairman motivates me. It is why I didn’t take long for me to decide to join the team,” he said. However, Memela did not want to shed light on the reasons why he left Orlando Pirates, despite a decent season last term with the Soweto giants. But it was evident that Memela would not form part of Pirates in 2020-21 season after his jersey number 11 was given to new recruit Deon Hotto. The Paarl born winger said it is nature of football after he was confirmed in Durban on Monday as one of Usuthu’s new signings alongside Augustine Mulenga, who also left Pirates. Surprisingly, Pirates confirmed last week that they were in talks to extend Memela’s contract as it had ended. In the same statement, Pirates also confirmed that Ntsikelelo Nyauza has been given a new deal, while French goalkeeper Joris Delle was leaving. Memela refused to be drawn on leaving Bucs. “I don’t want to comment. Things like this always happened in football, and what is important now is I’m at AmaZulu and I’m happy to be here,” he added. Memela, who has never won a trophy, was runner up in the league twice with Pirates, also a finalist in the Telkom Knockout twice (once at Ajax Cape Town and Pirates) and twice in the Nedbank Cup and Caf Confederation Cup with Bucs. On top of Memela and Mulenga joining the club, Usuthu signed Limbikani Mzava and one of Mzansi’s favourites sons – Siphiwe Tshabalala.