HE IS a clever man and the gogos, madalas and other church members trusted him with the money they’d worked so hard to save. But the clever man betrayed their trust and destroyed their dreams by risking the church funds on a worthless scheme. OF THE R800 000 THEY HAD IN THE BANK, THEY NOW HAVE LESS THAN A THOUSAND! Church members said they allowed the man to work with their money because he had a financial background. But he allegedly gambled with the church’s R807 754,32 to buy Bitcoin, hoping to get a R100 million return. But he lost everything in what looked like a scam. The cheated congregants of the Methodist Church in Spruitview, Ekurhuleni, want their money back. They said they’d sell his property if they had to. Captain Kay Makhubele confirmed that the church opened a case of theft against the suspect. “We trusted him, but he turned out to be greedy and stole the money we worked so hard to raise,” said a church member. The money was collected to extend the church. But the extensions, scheduled for January, were put on hold because of lockdown. The church members showed Daily Sun notes of a meeting: On 7 July R20 000 was transferred. On 21 of July R21 000 and R309 000 were transferred – and on 14 August the last transfer, to the tune of R456 000, took place. Daily Sun also saw the balance. There is R680 in the bank account. Most of the church members, especially pensioners, have taken ill. “It took us 10 years to raise the funds,” said an angry elderly church member. And now, in the bink of an eye, we’ve lost everything.” The suspect allegedly told members the investment account was hacked on 11 September. Church stewards held an urgent meeting on 13 September. “On 20 September, another meeting was held and he confessed,” said a member. “He said he’d misled the church leaders and withdrew the funds to buy Bitcoin, so as to make R100 million. But he lost all our money. He promised to repay the money.” On 27 September, during a heated meeting, angry church members demanded that he pay back the money. Daily Sun couldn’t contact the suspect because his phone was off. The People’s Paper was reliably informed he was fighting for his life in ICU at a hospital in Midrand after he was involved in a car accident. Church members claimed he was trying to commit suicide after the car hit a concrete wall. “We were told that at about 2am on Monday morning, he left his house in Midrand, saying he was going to work,” said a church member. Reverend Peter Mosia declined to comment, saying it was against church rules. Spokeswoman for the Methodist Church of Southern Africa, Bongi Moyo-Bango, said the church was aware of the case opened against the suspect. She said disciplinary processes would follow. 