BONGANI Zungu will be back in the Bafana Bafana team if the statement of Danny Jordaan is anything to go by. Like many Bafana fans, the Safa president was left disappointed by the national team’s underwhelming performances in the recent two friendly matches. The 2-1 loss to Zambia and the 1-1 draw against Namibia has suddenly cast doubt on Molefi Ntseki’s team to qualify for the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals. But the possible return of Zungu, along with the likes of Thulani Serero and Kamohelo Mokotjo, could strengthen the team for back-to-back qualifiers against Sao Tome and Principe. Zungu has been at odds with Ntseki over his constant omissions from the team. Relations are so strained between the two that Ntseki again snubbed Zungu for the latest camp, leaving many wondering if the Glasgow Rangers midfielder will ever don the jersey under Ntseki. But Jordaan reckons Ntseki has got a clearer picture of his team and has sounded optimistic Zungu will be back in the team. “There are other players the coach didn’t call, like Bongani Zungu, Kamohelo... Serero and Lebo Mothiba. He can bring these players now, together with the players he has. And I think he’ll be able to put together a good squad for the Sao Tome match,” said Jordaan. “The key thing is to qualify for Afcon and therefore win Sao Tome match, and he knows, is not a training match, is not a friendly match. It’s a serious match for qualification and he must bring the best available players so that we can collect the three points home and away.” Jordaan also pointed out factors which he thought played a role in the results, the fitness of players being key among them. “Of course, we wanted to win. But we must not get overly disappointed. We must understand the factors which were involved in these matches,” he said. Ntseki admitted the results were disappointing, particularly for some players who made their international debuts. “We are disappointed because we wanted to win and give ourselves confidence going to the Sao Tome matches,” he said. “On the balance of play against Zambia, we tried very hard. There are positives, which are the commitment from the players, a good camaraderie in camp and the understanding that we were building.”