SCORES of mourners gathered at the Alliance Church in KaBokweni, Mpumalanga today to pay their respects to Ligwalagwala FM presenter and club DJ Sifiso Mkhabela. Mkhabela, also known as Kingdom, who passed away on Monday in a car accident. The 26-year-old was coming from his weekend wrap show when the car he was in caught fire in an accident on the R40 just outside Mbombela. It is believed that an SUV collided with a bakkie which Kingdom and another passenger were in. Both cars caught fire and the club DJ could not get out of the car in time. A sombre moment ensued as Mpumalanga gospel singer Qiniso Mabaso took to the stage. As she sang, mourners burst into tears. ALSO READ:LIGWALAGWALA DJ DIES! Friends, family and colleagues described Mkhabela as a humble and respectful person who always ensured everyone around him was happy. Family spokesman Josiah Mkhabela said they raised a very humble young man. He told mourners Mkhabela was never a troublesome child and always respected everyone around him. “There is never a single day where we called a family meeting or we were called by the public to discuss his unruly behavior. He was a responsible child and remained humble,” he said. A colleague, Dumisane Simelane, said Kingdom was hands-on and helpful to everyone. “He was talented and dedicated to his work, and put respect first. He wanted to see everyone succeed in life. He had a promising and bright future,” he said His manager, Bheki Sehlabela, said he always put his work before everything else. “He was a dedicated young man and was always willing to go the extra mile to ensure that everyone’s work was done. We have lost a great man, his fans lost a great presenter,” said Sehlabela. Meanwhile, his friend Sicelo Maseko told mourners that Kingdom’s loss is a great loss for everyone. “It never crossed my mind that he will leave us this soon. He had a lot to offer, especially at home and work. It hurts a lot because we were expecting a lot from him,” he said. His funeral service will be held on Saturday at his place of birth.