MULTICHOICE Group (MCG) and the South African Football Association (SAFA) have signed a landmark five-year sponsorship agreement that will champion the standard of referees in the country. According to both organisations, the partnership supports the more than 40, 000 referees officiating in all matches played under the auspices of SAFA and provides assistance to both the male and female divisions of the sport, in support of SAFA’s Project Equity. Referees, in the PSL, have come under fire due to poor decision making and the whole blame has gone to Safa who are in charge of the referees. And as effective this week until 2025, Showmax (MCG’s online subscription video on demand service) is the sole and exclusive global SAFA official referees sponsor. The referee’s association will now be known as “the Showmax SAFA Referees Association.” This new relationship will assist SAFA with its referees programme, which is focused on improving the quality of football officiating and feeding the talent pipeline in a fully inclusive manner. The development, education and training of match officials is at the core of this invaluable partnership and will assist in ensuring that referees and match officials are kept abreast of the latest innovations and techniques available to best enforce the rules of the game. “We are pleased to be involved in what we believe is a monumental win for South African soccer that will truly elevate match officiating across all levels, from grass roots to the DStv Premiership and beyond, ultimately enabling the best local talent to participate on a global stage,” says Calvo Mawela, MultiChoice Group CEO. “The partnership between MultiChoice and SAFA is critical as it allow us to fulfil our development mandate that is key in improving the quality of football officiating, sustainably feeding the talent pipeline of football officials. We are proud that we continue to make significant strides in inclusivity, by also growing female football,” says SAFA President, Dr Danny Jordaan. The agreement includes a redesigned and rebranded referees’ kit and other branding elements through which the Showmax brand will be showcased at all SAFA levels including: • DStv Premiership • National Team matches • National First Division (NFD) • ABC Motsepe League • SASOL Women’s League • Regional Leagues • All football tournaments and matches played under the auspices of SAFA.