TODAY, we celebrate and acknowledge good bosses and hope that those who drive their subodinates nuts will learn a thing or two. Nonie Mathibe, an entrepreneur who launched Lora Muse, a black female-owned fashion business during a pandemic, is our pick. She tells us what makes one a good boss. Mathibe’s flagship store in Fourways Mall, Joburg, opened its doors on 1 August, during lockdown. We asked her, what makes a great boss? “Someone who continually inspires and pushes employees to function and perform to the best versions of themselves,” she said. She said she pushes her assistant to never become complacent or settle for a life less than the one she wants to live. “I encourage her to make her dreams a priority, using examples of my own journey and sharing how I was able to overcome all the challenges I faced in my life.” Mathibe comes from a small village of Mathibestad in North West and she studied finance at varsity, but she knew she had a passion for fashion. “In my family fashion was not viewed as a career that could lead to financial stability. But with fashion being my true passion, I attended sewing school three times a week, in the afternoon. I also completed a two-year mentorship and shadowing programme that allowed me to hone my fashion skills through working in various areas of fashion from design, manufacturing and sales. It’s so important to invest in your craft,” said Mathibe. She said a good boss will identify employees’ best qualities and strengths and help them nurture them. “They should also identify opportunities to grow and develop their employees. Personal and professional development is important.” But what makes one a bad boss? “The worst thing you can do as a boss is to lack humanness. You are a human being before you are a boss. Your employees should feel that they are seen, heard and appreciated,” said Mathibe. Her boutique’s competitive edge lies in a unique concept that focuses on mother and daughter ready-to-wear clothing, where daughter draws style inspiration from her mother.