ORLANDO Pirates midfielder Nkanyiso Zungu doesn’t know where he would have been in his life if it wasn’t for Stellenbosch FC coach, Steve Barker. Zungu said Barker played a key role when no one wanted him. He said joining the Stellies after AmaZulu dumped him in 2018 was the turning point in his career. It was Barker, whose uncle Clive Barker is a legend at Usuthu, who gave Zungu his debut when he was with AmaZulu in 2015-16 season, when the club was campaigning in the now GladAfrica Championship. In that season, Zungu featured in 27 matches but Barker was later sacked towards end of that season after he failed to win promotion. Things went pear-shaped for Zungu the following season as he featured in just 16 league matches. In the 2017-18 season, Usuthu came back to the Premiership after buying Thanda Royal Zulu’s status, but they loaned Zungu to Jomo Cosmos in the second half of the season. When the loan deal expired, Usuthu decided to part ways with Zungu. Then Barker called to him join the Cape Winelands side in 2018-19 season in the Championship. The 23-year-old repaid Barker. Zungu, by featuring in all 30 games, helped the Stellies win the Championship and earn promotion to the top flight last season. In the club’s first season in the Premiership last term, Zungu never looked back and continued where he left off, featuring in 16 games for the club in the first half of the season. He turned heads, played a blinder against Mamelodi Sundowns last December. That performance caught Pirates’ attention when Bucs signed him in January, despite Zungu being injured. “I don’t know where to start when you talk about Steve Barker. He’s like my father,” said Zungu. “When AmaZulu released me, I didn’t want to go to Cape Town. But he phoned me from Monday to Friday that he was not giving up on me. “He believed that I had something. Now I’m at Orlando Pirates, where I wanted to be.” So far Zungu has featured in just five games for Pirates and missed the Soweto giants’ 1-1 DStv PSL draw against AmaZulu on Saturday. But he was part of the travelling squad. Zungu admitted there’s a gulf in class between the two clubs.