TWO young boys who went missing last
Thursday in Khayelitsha, Cape Town have been found dead. Linathi Ntshonga and Miyolo Gwinta’s
bodies were found in a dam between Old Faure Road and the N2 highway in
Mfuleni. Daily Sun published the
story of the missing boys on 21 October under the headline
"Ntshongas, Gwintas need help!" They were last seen jumping onto the back
of a truck moving from the BM section of Khayelitsha to Bosasa Mfuleni. Linathi’s father Lungisani Ntshonga said
they have a lot of questions about the kids’ deaths. “They were found naked. We don’t know if
they were dumped there or they drowned while swimming,” said Lungisani. Thembisa Gwinta, Miyolo’s mother, said
when they heard about the two bodies being found in a dam she knew that it is
their kids. “We have been searching everywhere, hoping to find them alive but
when days passed without finding them, I knew something bad happened,” said
Thembisa.   She said it was not the first time her
son went missing but he knew the way back home. "I am confused about what really
happened, but something is not right here,” she said. Their challenge now is that they don't
have money to pay for a DNA test. "We are asking for assistance, we
don't have the DNA money and we cannot wait for the government's DNA test
because it takes time," said Thembisa. According to her, they need R3 000 because
the DNA test costs R1 500. "We are asking for South Africans to
assist. We are poor and we don't have money.” Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said police
divers have retrieved the bodies of two children from a dam between Old Faure
Road and the N2 highway in Mfuleni late on Thursday. “Mfuleni police were alerted to clothing
items that were seen floating in the water. Police divers were called out to
the scene and the search commenced, resulting in the retrieval of the bodies
late in the evening," said Rwexana. She said two families identified the
bodies as those of the two seven-year-old boys who were reported missing in
Khayelitsha a week ago. “Police have opened an inquest docket for
investigation.” She said trauma counselling has been
arranged for the two families.