EVANGELIC Method Apostolic Church Archbishop Bulelani Feke said Philippi kasi needs urgent attention as people are dying like flies. This after his church member, gogo Mqazana Mahashe (69), was shot inside her house last month. “Cops need to go back to the basics, to the ways they used to operate back then. Things are out of hand because people are living in fear. It’s gunshots all over,” he said. READ: YOUR SKEEM NICHOLAS BACK ON SKEEM SAAM! Feke said in the early 2000s, when top cop Mzwandile Petros was the provincial commissioner of the Western Cape, crime was very low. Gogo Mahashe was shot and killed with four others in her house on Heritage Day. “Cops must go back to the drawing board and see where they are getting it wrong. The strategies which they used during the time of Commissioner Petros worked very well and people were living in peace. “I’m not suggesting that they should bring back Petros but they should at least look at the strategies that were used back then,” said Feke. Community leader Nhlanhla Kamuteni has raised concerns about the rising crime, especially murders, happening in his kasi. “It’s concerning and government must do something to address this problem because people’s lives are in danger every day,” he said. Feke said the incidents are happening even in the afternoon with no arrests. “It is clear that something is wrong and needs to be fixed. People cannot go on like this, they cannot live like they are in a war zone,” he said. Speaking to the SunTeam, resident Xola Mangwanya (50) said they see dead bodies on the streets every day. “Very few cases of crime are reported about in the media. We see crime unfolding in our kasi every day. Police are not doing enough to deal with this, hence people are resorting to mob justice,” he said. ALSO READ: THIEVES HOT FORMER MUVHANGO ACTRESS! Philippi East and Nyanga remain among the stations with the top murder cases recorded in Mzansi. According to the 2019/2020 crime statistics, Philippi East SAPS is 11th nationally and 156 murder cases were reported. In 2010 statistics, the same station recorded only 42 cases of murder but the increase has been gradual. In 2010/2011 statistics, 57 cases were reported with 73 cases the following year. The highest murder reports at Philippi East in the past decade were 205 in 2017/18 statistics.