SOUTH Africa’s young overseas talent continues to grow with goalkeeper Brad Norman securing a two season contract with CS Independiente Rivadavia in Argentina’s First Division – the Primera B Nacional. Norman signs from Sportivo Liqueno in Paraguay, as he waits for his visa approvals before linking up with the Mendoza-based team for the 2020-21 campaign. The 24-year-old played for Maccabi FC, Moroka Swallows and SuperSport United locally before making the switch to Paraguay, as he looks forward to joining one of Argentina’s oldest football institutions. “I am excited to get this opportunity to play overseas and in a tough but beautiful country that has incredible football passion,” said Norman. “I want to thank Independiente management for believing in my abilities. I have no doubt that I will enjoy my stay there and continue to grow as a player. I carry hopes of playing for my country’s national football team (Bafana Bafana) in future, and I’d like to look at this as my actual first path towards fulfilling that ambition.” This deal was facilitated by Norman’s South American intermediaries, Gabriel Gerberoff and Ivan Delgado, who believe that a move to the South American nation will hugely enhance the youngster’s prodigious talent. Gerberoff has represented a host of Mexican football stars as players and in their coaching capacity, including Hugo Sanchez Marquez, Javier Aguirre, Luis Hernandes and Rafael Marquez. Commenting on Norman’s move to Argentina, Delgado said: “I actually met Brad in South Africa, where a Mexican friend of mine introduced me to him when he was still playing for Swallows. He is a boy who makes his presence felt in goal, a talent that was also spotted by Independiente. “Brad is ambitious about playing and competing in a foreign country. He is technically good with great distribution. He also fits into what we call a ‘sweeper keeper’. He is reliable, the first thing you look at in a keeper. “I believe that the Primera B Nacional is more competitive than most top leagues in the world, and that this path will do his growth and already huge talent a world of good.” – SUPERSPORT