FORMER South African bantamweight champion, Toto “Gugs Gang” Helebe, has vowed to avenge his homeboy’s defeat when he meets the highly regarded Lerato “Lights Out” Dlamini in December. Dlamini stunned Sinethemba Bam with a seventh round stoppage victory to claim the then vacant International Boxing Federation (IBF) Youth junior featherweight title three years ago. Dlamini’s win over Bam left a bitter taste in Helebe’s mouth. The seasoned Western Cape-based fighter has called out the Free State youngster to avenge Bam’s defeat. “I called Dlamini out because he will meet his match when we cross swords. In the featherweight division, there are few who can fight me and he is one of them. I’m happy that he agreed to fight me so that I can avenge Bam’s defeat. Dlamini must prove himself because he knocked out Bam who was a novice,” Helebe said. “I respect him as a boxer but unfortunately now it’s the time for him to pay for what he did to Bam,” he said. But Dlamini, who is a World Boxing Council (WBC) Silver champion, said the veteran boxer will pay dearly for calling him out. This clash promises to be a power punching affair as both fighters don’t see it going distance. The young boxing sensation said he feels undermined by the Cape Town camp. “I think they underestimated my abilities but being called out has motivated me. One thing for sure I’ll give Helebe a hiding,” he said. “He is a good opponent locally, very experienced and a former SA and ABU champion. I take nothing from him but my speed and movement is going to be too much for him. I can’t afford to lose. A defeat will be a step back to my WBC world title aspirations,” said Dlamini. This is a risky fight for Dlamini as it does not take him anywhere as far as his boxing career is concerned. The hard-hitting pugilist is rated fourth on WBC world rankings and if he loses against Helebe, who is not rated, it will be a blow for him. But said Dlamini: “Every fight is risky. I need this fight to prove myself that I’m ready for the WBC title shot.”