"MUCH as we can call them friendlies, but we have to prepare well and win matches," that was the immediate reaction of Bafana Bafana stand-in captain, Thulani "Tyson" Hlatshwayo, following their 2-1 loss to Zambia in their second friendly international at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium, Rustenburg on Sunday. "It has been disappointing how the whole camp has been," Hlatshwayo said. He admitted though that they didn't start well as a team considering they conceded early, and from set-pieces, which include their drawn 1-1 draw against Namibia on Thursday. Bafana are preparing for next month's back-to-back friendlies against Sao Tome and Principe, whom they play in their 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers on 9 November at home, and visit them on 17 November as they fight for qualification to the top African nations tournament. "We knew that Zambia were going to come at us, play the ball behind us," said the new Orlando Pirates defender. "Our strength is to kick the ball, but we didn't kick the ball at all. There has never been a friendly match between the two countries (Zambia and South Africa). "We always want to win games but we came here a lot different. If you look at Namibia, it was different personnel who played compared to today. The coach wanted to give everyone a run to prepare for the Sao Tome and Principe matches. We had two weeks from the bubble and the players overseas were in pre-season to get into shape after the pandemic. "A lot of guys didn't do enough training and you could see on that game because we were not attacking, as we are used to, the ball was not flowing. But you could see Zambia have been in camp longer than us, and they've had enough friendlies - this besides playing eleven against eleven at training. They played against other countries." But he convinced himself that the return of the DStv Premiership, which starts with the MTN8 this weekend, will drill in some motivation and match fitness for the players. "The guys will get enough game time and it'll help to prepare for Sao Tome," said Hlatshwayo.