NEW Mamelodi Sundowns signing Gift Motupa has promised to “bang in goals” and says that will be the only way to be part of the star-studded club’s starting line-up next season. Motupa was the latest acquisition of Sundowns and was recently confirmed alongside Ricardo Goss and Haashim Domingo, with the trio joining from now-defunct Bidvest Wits. The 26-year-old will compete for the starting spot in what is a fearsome attack up top with Mauricio Affonso and another new signing Peter Shalulile, who was the league joined top goal scorer on 16 goals last season. Sundowns also do count on Keletso Makgalwa, Sibusiso Vilakazi, Lebohang Maboe, Anthony Laffor and Phakamani Mahlambi. “I’m coming in to bang in goals and I think that’s why they have signed me for and it feels great and I’m looking forward to being part of Mamelodi Sundowns set up,” said Motupa. Others players who have been signed by Sundowns are Mothobi Mvala, George Maluleka, Lesedi Kapinga, Grant Magerman, Aubrey Modiba and Khuliso Mudau. “When you go there, you know there’s quality and everyone that plays for Mamelodi Sundowns is good. What is the key is to be ready for the challenge and I think I’m ready for that.” Sundowns’ interest to Motupa started late last year and there was a stage when former Wits coach Gavin Hunt was annoyed by former coach Pitso Mosimane for tapping on his players, especial Motupa, saying it was not according to the spirit of the game.  Hunt, now the new Kaizer Chiefs coach, then decided to leave him out in the some of the games as Motupa’s state of mind was all over the place. Motupa says another reason he opted to join Sundowns was the club’s unwavering ambition of battling against the best on the continent in the form of the Caf Champions League. The Caf club competition is something Motupa is also familiar with. He was part of Orlando Pirates side that lost the CAF Confederation Cup in 2015 (2-1) to Tunisian side Etoile du Sahel. During this year’s Confederation Cup, Motupa scored four goals in 6-0 mauling (and 8-1 aggregate) win over UD Songo of Mozambique to see Wits reach the group stages of this competition for the first time in the club’s history. “That’s what encourages me more because every year Sundowns play in the Champions League,” revealed Motupa. “It is an experience that every player wants to play at the club level.” 