Winter can be seriously hard on hair leading to dryness, frizz and flyaways, split ends and breakage. Just as face masks are essential for healthy, radiant skin, hair masks can make a world of a difference when dealing with the after effects of winter. Hair masks are quick yet highly effective in providing your locks with tons of health benefits including hydration, shine and bounce. If your hair is feeling dry and brittle and in desperate need of moisture and hydration, OGX®, a haircare brand known for approaching beauty in their own way; pure and simple with exotic ingredients have the perfect hair masks to nurse your hair back to luscious, shiny tresses just in time for the warmer weather. OGX Argan Oil of Morocco Extra Strength Hair Mask Give your hair an upgrade with this super creamy hair mask. With an extra powerful formula OGX® Hydrate & Repair + Argan Oil of Morocco Hair Mask (R189.95) helps to intensely hydrate and lock in moisture. With argan oil of Morocco (a natural source of vitamin E filled with anti-oxidants) and silk proteins, this creamy blend helps detangles, revive even the most severely dry, damaged strands delivering superior hydration and added inner strength. Give hair a second chance at soft, silky perfection! Saturate hair in a powerful blend with OGX Extra Strength Argan Oil of Morocco Collection. OGX Argan Oil of Morocco Extra Strength Hair Mask is suitable for the following hair types:  ·         Low Porosity Hair·         Dry / Damaged / Brittle·         Frizzy (Low Porosity)·         Coarse / Natural  OGX Damage Remedy + Coconut Miracle Oil Hair Mask Hair in need of a miracle? Drench dry, damaged strands with the secret of Maui. OGX® Damage Remedy + Coconut Miracle Oil Hair Mask (R189.95) is an ultra-rich blend with Coconut Oil, Vanilla Bean extract and essence of Tiare. An extra-nourishing blend that helps calm frizz and tame flyaways, leaving hair with a silky soft bounce and shine. Help revive even the most damaged strands and send your senses on an island escape with OGX® Extra Strength Coconut Miracle Oil Collection. OGX® Damage Remedy + Coconut Miracle Oil Hair Mask is suitable for the following hair types:  