WHEN you are number one for three years in a row, what do you do? You keep up the good work and cement your ground even further so that you increase the gap. That is what Toyota Hilux is doing with its 2021 range that launched on Wednesday. According to Toyota’s Leon Theron, a few things had to change including styling, specification and performance. Of course, this car is not just a bakkie, but one that appeals to everyone. Farmers like it for its quality and power, but ordinary people who are not shy of bigger things feel at home in the Hilux. Now, it’s got that luxurious touch for those with a soft spot for finer things. The change is not just with the design, but the heart of the car too. The engine has more power! The new Hilux’s 2.8 GD-6 4-cylinder has increased power and torque with 20kW and 50Nm, taking them to 150kW and 500Nm, but manual models will remain with 420Nm. This goes for both manual and auto derivatives. The SRX model is called Raider while the premium is called the Legend. During the virtual launch, the brand said their success with Hilux across the range is not only due to quality, but reliability, durability and dependability. This is a car you can trust not to be lazy when you invite it to perform. Various racers confirmed this during the launch, saying the car has collected many accolades in big races including the Gazoo, because its beauty runs deep. The external design is what will make the Hilux a hit. It looks sharper with a fender that runs around the smart grille, it has a sharper nose and new headlamps. This gives it a bolder appeal and more form. It also has LED lamps in the rear. The comfortable interior boasts modern features and alloy wheels complete the Hilux. A big puller inside will be the new 8.0-inch touchscreen infotainment system with the best smartphone connections. Nothing gives a driver peace of mind more than a car that does not need you to be a tech guru to pair up your gadgets. All Hilux models come with a three-year/100 000km warranty and a nine-service/90 000km service plan. Pricing will start from R385 700 for the Hilux single cab 2.7 RB S 5MT and go all the way up to R765 600 for the top-of-the-range 2.8 GD-6 4x4 Legend 6AT. 