NEW AmaZulu signing Augustine Mulenga says he "was extremely surprised” to have been transferred to newbies Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). In fact, Mulenga says he had spoken to TTM but he told them that they must give him time to clear his mind after leaving Orlando Pirates last week.Mulenga was confirmed as one of many players TTM had signed on Friday last week, but it turn the player wasn’t there physically for the big reveal. SunSport has always reported that he was on his way to join Usuthu. The Zambian striker was unveiled by Usuthu management in front of club chairman Sandile Zungu on Monday in Durban as one of the 10 players, including high profile signing in former Bafana Bafana and Kaizer Chiefs star Siphiwe "Shabba" Tshabalala. “About TTM, I don’t know what to say because I was also surprised that they have signed me,” said Mulenga. “I didn’t sign with the club. Now I’m here, I’m so happy to have joined AmaZulu. I can confirm that there were lots of teams that were after me and for me to have chosen AmaZulu it was not easy.” The 30-year-old Lusaka-born striker also revealed that the reason why he parted ways with Pirates was that every season the club was signing too many players. On top of that, Mulenga said he wasn’t happy for his contributions at the club last term as he became peripheral figure. Mulenga, who joined Pirates in January 2018 from homelands side Zanaco FC, featured in just 14 games in all competitions last term with one goal in return. “I left Pirates because last season I didn’t have enough game time,” revealed Mulenga who joined Usuthu from Pirates along with Luvuyo Memela. “Looking at the new season, they signed new players. But it doesn’t mean that I didn’t want to compete with the new signings, no. The thing is that, I didn’t want to go through what I went through last season. It is why I asked them that I want to leave.” Interestingly, Usuthu’s first game of the new DStv Premiership season will be against the very same Pirates at Kings Park Stadium on Saturday. 