A FORMER Mpumalanga MEC and ANC PEC member, together with his stepson, are free men for now. This after Magistrate Susan Monaledi granted them R20 000 bail each. The two, who were dressed in black jackets and blue pants, appeared before the Nelspruit Magistrates Court today following their arrest on 28 September. It is alleged that they sexually assaulted two eight-year-old twin girls and a case was opened in July. Magistrate Monaledi said the children’s interest are of paramount importance. “The Children’s Act must be taken into consideration. The court must not overlook the contribution made by the applicant to the community over the interests of minor children and gender-based violence. There are victims who at times would be infected with serious illness such as HIV/Aids. “Rape is a serious offence and the person convicted would face a lengthy sentence of up to life imprisonment,” she said Monaledi added that the court is satisfied that the accused persons will not disturb public peace or interfere with witnesses. She said the accused proved that exceptional circumstances existed in the interests of justice to be released on bail. However, the EFF’s Gender-Based Violence co-ordinator at Ehlanzeni, Carolina Mashego, told Daily Sun they are very disappointed with the court’s decision.  “It shows that in this country justice doesn’t really prevail where it’s needed. People can just pay their way out, calling it bail, instead of justice taking its course,” she said. Meanwhile, ANCWL chair Busisiwe Shiba said the league will continue to support the victims. “We still stand with the resolutions of the ANC Women’s League. We are standing with the victims up until the court of law take its course. We will not be intimidated by the bail, it’s the court’s right to judge a person. We are not judging anyone but we are still standing with those two little girls. “We are disappointed and we cannot feel as if we are not. You’ll remember that the president of the country announced gender-based violence as a second pandemic,” she said. The former MEC’s supporter, Malaki Magagula, said they are happy that the accused are out on bail. “Comrade is being wrongly accused today. We are happy that the magistrate has listened to the voices of our people. We are taking him today and we are happy,” he said The duo are expected to surrender their passports, report to the Nelspruit police station every Friday, comply with the Children’s Court and the court order and not interfere with the witnesses. The case has been postponed to 20 November for the DPP’s decision.