 FORMER Free State Human Settlements MEC Mosebenzi Zwane has
denied that he selected his close friends to build RDP houses. Zwane approved a list of 106 contractors to be part of R1bn
housing scheme. Testifying at the Zondo Commission today, he said the issue
of the list arose after there was dispute between contractors and the
department about the size of houses. He said when the tender was advertised, the size of the
houses was smaller but premier Ace Magashule increased them during his state of
the province address without increasing the price. The size moved from 45 to 50 square metres. "When I arrived at the department there was a list that
was there. It was not developed by me. We used it for 2009 and 2010. It was to
be used again in 2010 and 2011. After the dispute, there was a need to for a
process that would give us a new list," said Zwane. He said after the lapse of an open tender the executive
committee took a decision that the department should create a database of
contractors. The list that Zwane took to the executive committee in
September 2010 included people who had not been in the open tender process and
some of them were disqualified. He said his understanding was that the list would not
include those who had been disqualified in the open tender. "My own understanding is that this list was a process
of these processes we spoke about (as the executive committee). Under no
circumstances did I instruct anybody how to compile a list," he said. Asked if he interrogated the list Zwane said he did not. "I had given this task to competent people. Some of
them had been doing that kind of work for more than 15 years. I did not go
through the details," said Zwane. The commission alleges that Zwane and exco had their own
plan of who was going to construct houses. "That's not my understanding of the process," he
said. Poor people were promised houses but  many of those houses were never built till
today. The Zondo Commission has heard that when the department
failed to deliver, they came up with a prepayment scheme for contractors and
material suppliers. According to the evidence before chairman of the commission
Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo is that the department spent over R500
million before any work could be done. "If you pay for the material to the suppliers, from
where I'm seated that not advanced payment. Your material is ready and it's
yours," said Zwane. 