ORLANDO Pirates’ latest recruit, Wayde Jooste, has outlined his goals and objectives with the Buccaneers. The wing-back was somewhat of a surprise signing for the Soweto giants from the now sold Highlands Park. This is arguably Jooste’s biggest move, having also turned out for Bloemfontein Celtic and Golden Arrows in the PSL. The 29-year-old is aware of the step-up he is making in his career and is hoping to grab the opportunity with both hands. He joins a Bucs team that will be expected to challenge for trophies this season after enduring an indifferent campaign last term. Their first opportunity to take a step towards winning a trophy will come on Saturday when Bucs face Cape Town City in the MTN 8 quarter-finals at Orlando Stadium (6pm). Ironically, this is the same competition in which Jooste broke the hearts of Pirates fans in Highlands’ colours when he netted a goal that knocked them out of last season’s edition. “I’m excited by the challenge because I know a lot of people associate Orlando Pirates with winning titles,” Jooste told his club’s website. “I am not here to just add numbers. I also want to win trophies. I have never won a trophy. The closest I have come to a trophy is playing in a final but that is not enough for me. “Coming to Pirates, I want to leave a positive mark and the best way to do that in a team like this one is through success on the field of play.” Jooste wants to use the move as a stepping stone to take his career to the next level and hopefully represent Mzansi. He will be looking to see off competition from the likes of Ntsikelelo Nyauza, Mthokozisi Dube and Thabiso Monyane for a regular place in the team. “My immediate ambition for the club is to secure a regular berth in the team, but most importantly, is for the team to gel well early on so that we can build momentum,” added Jooste. “First things first is the team and its ambitions and then personal ambitions follow. “I would like to represent my country one day. “But like I said, it starts with the team ambition first and then mine can follow later.”