ACTIONSA leader, Herman Mashaba, and his leadership team #ActAsOne nation visited Hammanskraal in Tshwane today. They also went to Temba Magistrates Court, where a local councillor’s bail application was being heard after he was bust for rape. Mashaba also visited Babelegi Industrial Park and Arnold Maleka, an ActionSA member who has started a disability forum. “I have decided to start here in Hammanskraal and will be touring the country in next few months working with the leadership,” Mashaba said. He said he heard about a 16-year-old who was raped and also decided to give her support. He said today the companies owned by the state are lying empty. According to Mashaba, the factories are abandoned when the unemployment rate is sitting at almost 70% and they are destroying the future of our children. He said: “This should stop and it will be stopped by South Africans. This virus needs to be destroyed and it needs you as the vaccine.” he said He said he is tired of complaining at dinner tables and having to stand up. “I can see you in Temba, people in Soweto, Khayelitsha, KwaZulu-Natal and all over the country people are prepared to say enough is enough,” he said He added that the project is not about Herman Mashaba, but about the country. He said the project is for South Africa and they don’t want to see another Zimbabwe happening under their watch. He also blamed the public service for lacking accountability. He said his party will contest for the local municipality of Tshwane next year and will win it outright because of the people of Tshwane. He said by making his party win they will be making their children’s future better. Mashaba said police are led by criminal syndicates and that needs to change. “We have to put police who are independent and not politically affiliated,” Mashaba said. He said it was important to remove criminals from government. He said they are not government, but can express themselves in a democratic space their feelings about evils happening in the government. Mashaba said if people want them to solve the matters and deal with them effectively, they must put them in power and if they fail to deliver, they must vote them out.