THERE was drama at the hearing of the allegations of abuse at the Kwasizabantu Mission. The advocate representing the Kwasizabantu Mission asked the chairman of the CRL Rights Commission, Professor David Masoma, to recuse himself. Advocate Keith Matthee has accused Masoma of already taking a side after he gave an interview to the eNCA. Matthee said the chairman has concluded that the allegations labelled against the church are true and he has already made up his mind about the mission. He said the church feels that the hearing will not be fair. “The chair has already made conclusions on this without evidence. The chair has attacked the mission,” he said. He said maybe the chairman did not see that the mission will also see what he said. The chairman then said their mission is to gather evidence from the witnesses, then hear the side of the person who the allegations are made to, and then a report is drawn based on all the evidence given. “I was giving a summary of what was said by the witnesses. This is not what I was saying,” he said. However, Matthee then asked to be excused. After they returned, Matthee said they have given the commission 132 pages of their responses. He said the commission has no authority over the criminal cases. “Regarding the rape allegations, should they be proven to be true, then that matter must be dealt with. And if it’s not true, those who made those allegations must be dealt with as well,” he said. Masoma said: “We are here to listen to you as we have heard the witnesses. But our purpose is that we deal with religious rights of the members of the church.” Then Matthee said they needed time to reflect on the next step and they asked to be excused from the commission. The chairman said: “We had decided to speak to the church today. We wanted them to tell South Africa what happened.” He said as much as they have submitted 132 pages, they still needed to come to the commission. “We will still continue with our investigation,” he said. The commission has been hearing witness testimony since Monday, following multiple allegations of abuse, rape and human rights violations at the mission. It is day three of the hearings and today, it was expected that the church leaders of the northern KZN church mission would speak. Yesterday afternoon, the brother of the mission’s founder testified. The brother, Manfred Stegen, said he decided to leave the mission along with a few family members and their mother after a difference of values. Stegen said his own daughter, a four-year-old, was punished at the school. He said: “She had marks from the shoulders down to the legs, blood spots, and how that four-year-old was hit.”