SWALLOWS FC are gearing up for their first match back in the top flight of Mzansi football in five seasons. It’s been a long and tough journey back for the Birds, who at some point were playing in the ABC Motsepe League. But they managed to fight their way out of the football wilderness and are now back in the big time. They clinched the inaugural GladAfrica Championship to earn their return to the land of milk and honey. And this weekend, they get their DStv Premiership campaign up and running with a clash against Stellenbosch FC at the Danie Craven stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). The man who masterminded the Birds’ return to the top flight, Brandon Truter, wants his side to be competitive this season. Truter has no intentions of fighting relegation and believes a brand as big as Swallows belong among the big boys in the Premiership. “We don’t want to put a lot of pressure on ourselves, but we can’t go into the season just looking to hold on to our status,” said Truter. “We have to stay in this division. That’s a given and we are aiming much higher than just retaining the club’s status. “The players, the technical team and everyone at the club know how big a brand this is and the responsibility that comes with it. “We work hard and we will be giving it our all this season and hopefully we finish with a lot of success. “But for now we just focus on the first game against Stellenbosch, a tough team that have a very good coach in Steve Barker.” Truter has had about four weeks to prepare his side for their first match back and he believes they are as ready as can be at this point. He has had to instil his philosophy in several players who have joined this season such as Thabo Mosadi, Thabo Matlaba, Moeketsi Makhanya and Wandisile Letlabika. “The players who have joined are still getting used to the way that we work here and usually it takes a bit of time,” added Truter. “But most of the additions we have made have been experienced players who have played at this level before. “The game might come too soon for a few like Kamohelo Mahlatsi, who is still getting up to speed.”