THE SABC’s Crown Gospel Awards have been accused of corruption. This comes after four different nominee lists were released for the Best Gospel AmaZion category. It was announced on Tuesday that fans would vote for the winners and five nominees were given. On Wednesday, the awards Facebook page released a different list with voting numbers. The new list only had four nominees. Abadumisi were removed from the list and Damaseku White was added. A third nominee list was later added on Facebook that had Damaseku removed and had no voting codes. Damaseku now demands answers. Damaseku member, Thusile Mthembu, said they called founder Zanele Mbokazi-Nkambule’s office and were told it was a mistake made by the graphic designer. “They deleted the poster with us and posted another with the groups announced on Tuesday,” she said. This list had no voting codes. After “They sent us a new list and we were excluded. “There were four nominees and not five. “We called again and received a fourth list, which was still wrong. Whenever we asked questions, they changed the list. “For a long time, there’ve been complaints that this competition is not clean and fair.Now, we have evidence that there’re corrupt activities.” Damaseku Church leader, Archbishop NM Sangweni, said they wrote to Zanele seeking clarity. The letter reads, in part: “We urgently demand to know where the other lists came from and the legitimacy of their representation.” In a statement, a spokesman for World Gospel Powerhouse – which organises the Crown Gospel Awards – Sipho Kaleni, said: “There was no manipulation nor corruption. “Zanele announced the nominees and didn’t mention Damaseku as they were not on the nominees list.” - Proof , ISolezwe had the list already and they were not there. The flyer/poster that people saw was a genuine mistake from our designer. There was no drama of ‘when they called you - you issued a wrong one ‘. I spice leso. The Bishop of Damaseku was at the World GPH offices this morning to say he understands and he has never said we are corrupt. We have officially apologised for the poster/flyer mistake. The Crowns will be a great success again. You can curse what God blesses.