JUSTIN Shonga is crying foul that he was denied a golden
opportunity by Orlando Pirates to go abroad and was not aware that he was going
to join Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). The Zambia international striker, who says he cannot put a
blame on anyone, alleges that his plans were to go to Europe after many clubs
had expressed interest in his services. Pirates confirmed on Thursday that they have parted ways
with Shonga. However, few hours later, he resurfaced at TTM where he was
confirmed with plenty of other surprised signings, including that of his
compatriot Augustine Mulenga and former Kaizer Chiefs striker Gustavo Paez. The 23-year-old added that joining TTM was a move that Bucs
could have planned for a while without his knowledge. “I'm here to play here (TTM) in the first round, the first
six months or so,” said Shonga. “I wanted to leave South Africa for Europe and clubs there
were waiting for me, unfortunately Pirates had other ideas. I was just called
by Pirates chairman (Irvin Khoza) and I was told I'm being released. I have my
clearance.  I left Pirates on a good note, and I spoke to everybody... I
appreciate them because they made me what I am today. I had the best time of my
career. Pirates are a big brand.” However, Shonga’s departure doesn’t come as a surprise as he
has not covered himself in glory in the last few months. He grabbed headlines off the field early this year,
involving beating a woman and was recently suspended by the club after he broke
Pirates’ Covid-19 curfew, along with Thembinkosi Lorch when they started their
plans for the 2019-20 season resumption. While Lorch was cleared by the club, Shonga remained
suspended and never played in the bubble. The 24-year joined Bucs just after the 2017-18 season had
started. In that campaign, he scored four goals in 27 appearances. The 2018-19 was the most productive for Shonga at the club -
he played in 37 games and scored 13 goals (including five in the Caf
Confederation Cup) as Pirates finished second on the table. However, last season, after many bad reports about his
personal life, looks to have derailed him from his tracks. He netted a solitary goal in 12 appearances. Despite the decline in form, Shonga says joining TTM is an
opportunity to revive his career and ultimately go abroad. “I’m just here for game time, and if I can play the first
round of the season then I can make a move abroad,” said Shonga. “I think it is high time that I commit myself fully to
ensure those people (clubs abroad) that I’m still around because I have not
been playing for a long time.”