MPUMALANGA police are concerned about mourners who don’t want to hear their warning that they must stop playing with firearms at funerals. This comes after another incident happened where five suspects were bust by Tactical Response Team members, crime intelligence and Calcutta Task Team police for shooting on the air during the after-tears of rhino poachers suspect at Belfast Trust outside Mkhuhlu near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, on Sunday. According to police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi, the cops followed up on information where suspects fired shots randomly on air earlier during the funeral. They were bust after being found with firearms and ammunition, and will appear in the Mkhuhlu Magistrates Court soon. Last month, four men and a woman were arrested after they were found firing shots at a funeral claiming they were bidding farewell to their friend. They were found with two unlicensed firearms loaded with ammunition. “A similar incident occurred at Marite Trust near Bushbuckridge in August where a group of lawlessness individuals also fired shots after a funeral in a so-called after-tears event. In that occasion, the Tactical Response Team members responded, but were shot at by the very same suspects who were negligently using firearms. The police had to defend themselves at which two suspects were fatally shot, while a third one was injured. Two firearms with serial numbers filed off were confiscated and 11 suspects arrested, charged with violation of Lockdown Regulations. Six of the 11 were further charged with nine counts of attempted murder, two counts of murder, three of malicious damage to property and two counts of possession of prohibited firearms.” “They were all granted bail ranging between R7 000 and R3 000, but two abandoned their bail. Their case is expected back in the Mkhuhlu Magistrates Court on 19 October, whereas they will also appear for the Lockdown Regulations’ case on 21 October, which the other five will join them in the dock. We urge the community not to celebrate such actions because they are putting society in danger,” said Hlathi