INDIA Premier League side Odisha FC have signed Cole Alexander on a two-year deal. Alexander was clubless after leaving Bidvest Wits who sold their DStv Premiership status to Tshakuma Tsha Madzivhandila. He was not kept by TTM and reasons were that he was one of the highest-paid players at Wits and the Limpopo side could not meet his demands. Alexander wasn’t willing to join TTM anyway as he felt his wife had a stable job in Johannesburg. However, he has opted to go to Asia where he’ll be reunited with former Bafana Bafana coach Stuart Baxter. Baxter was recently appointed as Odisha coach, also on a two-year deal. “Odisha FC is delighted to announce that the club has reached a two-year agreement with South African midfielder Cole Alexander ahead of the seventh edition of the Hero Indian Super League (ISL),” the club said in their statement. “Born in Cape Town, Cole Alexander played youth football at Hellenic FC and Ajax Cape Town before making his senior professional debut for the latter. “Cole, a high-energy midfielder by trade, had also represented various other South African clubs Vasco Da Gama, Chippa United, Polokwane City and SuperSport United. “The 31-year-old South African national team member was one of the outstanding performers for Bidvest Wits in the South African Premier League last season, before sealing his move to Odisha FC.” Coach Baxter said, “We are delighted to secure Cole to our squad. I have worked with Cole with Bafana and he brings a combination of high energy, character and quality. His personality will enrich our squad environment and I am sure he will be popular among our fans.” The Cape Town-born midfielder also expressed his delight at joining Odisha, who were formed in 2014. “It will be great to play under coach Stuart Baxter again and I can’t wait to meet my teammates. I am very excited and looking forward to the season ahead,” he said. “I have heard a lot about the special fans that the Club has and though they will not be in the stadiums with us this year, we will carry them in our hearts and try and make them proud. "I hope we can achieve something special at Odisha FC in the upcoming seasons.”