DANCER and entertainer, Zodwa Wabantu, celebrated her birthday on Saturday at Sunnyside Lifestyle Lounge in Tshwane. Zodwa Wabantu, real Zodwa Libram, had fans dancing along with her. Her birthday celebration was expected to continue until yesterday. She said this was her special day and she won’t reveal her age because she still has to make lots of money. “But I’m surrounded by friends who I work, hustle, cry and always happy with. “Thank God lockdown rules were eased because God loves me so much that I can’t celebrate my birthday at home in closed doors. “I’m happy that we have freedom to enjoy my life,” she said She said life during lockdown was very difficult and very bad, but she survived. She said that making money during lockdown was a problem. She said that things are slightly going back to normal and that she is fully booked until 31 December for her performances. She said in life she has never had so many hardships because her mind is always on the money. “I do make friends, but I choose my friends who are about working hard and making money. “I’m keeping those friends forever. I have never had hardships because I’m a straight talker,” she said She said in December she will be an ambassador for a huge brand, but wants to keep it a secret for now. “I was born this month and will continue celebrating my birthday the whole of this month. “Zodwa is not going anywhere and will continue showing off her ass,” she said. She said she’s shooting her reality show Zodwa Wabantu Uncensored Reality, and it will aired on Moja Love channel 157 soon. When Zodwa took to the stage, people went crazy and they sang along with her. She went everywhere greeting and hugging people who attended her birthday celebration. She was wearing a green and black dress. It was designed by Muzi Mlambo. “I made her dress so she can look sexy and classy,” said Muzi. Her cake was made by the Chef Siviwe Mbada of Whipped: By Siv. who made a naked cake which has a top tier flavour of vanilla cream berries, chocolate and caramel. Musician such as Babes Wodumo and TDK Macassette were also at the party.